0	pros : never a dull moment .
1	i agree with the reviews already posted - this place was great .
0	instead , my total was about $ _num_ .
1	i agree that this place is underrated .
0	since we were staying one night , this was a major disappointment .
1	i agreed to pay $ _num_ on my receipt and was charged $ _num_ .
0	however i was n't treated well and i wo n't go back .
1	someone described the booths as hotel like and i got ta agree with that .
0	their market square location worse .
1	i 'm going to have to agree with lauren on this one .
0	if that 's not enough to stop you , read on .
1	every single one of them agree that it is not mexican at all .
0	worse than eat park quality .
1	so she agree to give me a `` $ _num_ discount '' .
0	we felt bad , and stuck around .
1	$ _num_ i would have agreed to , but $ _num_ for that ?
0	the message to me is management must be blind & ignorant .
1	my co-worker and i agree that we wo n't be staying here again .
0	the mattress was borderline uncomfortable .
1	even my girlfriend agreed , `` wow , this is bad '' .
0	it was n't even spicy .
1	a party of _num_ , we agreed to sit _num_ and _num_ .
0	receive my check to find out it was all full price .
1	i agree with another reviewer here that staff is less than courteous .
0	we wo n't be stopping back to celebrate at this location again .
1	i could n't agree more .
0	it was quite crowded .
1	agree with the previous great reviews .
0	the sandwich sucked ; no flavor , no excitement .
1	unfortunately i have to agree with some of these negative reviews .
0	a little pricy for food but not too bad .
1	i agree with the other reviews , they are rip off artists .
0	is n't that what they 're supposed to do ?
1	he says how about $ _num_ off and i agree .
0	i did not get a chance to eat there .
1	i have to agree that the happy hour here is lame .
0	also lot _num_ had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there .
1	and i agree with other yelpers very disorganized .
0	she kept answering the phone even though others were there .
1	that 's coming from a _num_ yr old , and we all agreed .
0	so , i am assuming they were delivered by a neighbor .
1	unfortunately i ca n't seem to agree .
0	the bartender does n't belong in the business .
1	i have to agree with the above reviewer .
0	maybe i just did n't order the right dish .
1	i agree with most of the reviews written here .
0	i would give him a _num_ start rating .
1	every one in my family agree it is one of the best stake place .
0	this is an odd little cvs .
1	finally i agreed to go with him before a movie .
0	the restaurant has carpet which i find off putting .
1	surprisingly they agree to sell the car exactly at $ _num_ .
0	the crust is not homemade , pretty sure .
1	i agree the crab cake benedict are delicious .
0	i would beg the owners to put any effort into this place .
1	he finally backed off and agreed to let me just get my oil changed .
0	it sits in the warmer cases , and looks `` crusty '' .
1	they agreed to shampoo and was the car for $ _num_ .
0	szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
1	i could n't agree with the other reviews more !
0	that was not to be found here .
1	the food was delicious and she agreed it was very authentic german .
0	i ate one slice , and gave the rest away .
1	i tried one of tacos and agreed the taco meat was greasy and tasteless .
0	this is absolutely the worst place i 've ever been to .
1	i have to agree with the _num_ guys that gave this place _num_ star .
0	they did n't let people in because they claimed the room was not ready .
1	second they do not agree that it is dirty .
0	although , i do really have zero complaints on the food .
1	he refused to close out the rental until i agreed to it .
0	just a poor design all around .
1	i have to agree with brett m. it 's a great bar .
0	i used to order takeout here once every month or so .
1	i agree with the last reviewer , this baja is going downhill .
0	the reason why i rate this place low is the atmosphere is abysmal .
1	in _num_ seconds we agreed to make this a take out order .
0	_num_ ) they did not return my $ _num_ security deposit .
1	they agreed but were not flexible on the labor amount .
0	they lost my breakfast business that day .
1	spices that do n't agree with me ?
0	my dad would always take me to this place when i was little .
1	it is expensive , i agree , but i think it 's worth it .
0	waiting _num_ minutes for a cold club and cup of soup is totally unacceptable .
1	wholeheartedly agree about the extremely poor service at this location .
0	needless to say i am extremely displeased with my services here .
1	when you sign your contract , you agree to the terms and conditions .
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	i agree with other reviews -- the food is not good .
0	not good .
1	i absolutely agree with every other reviewer that the service is appalling .
0	do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
1	and everyone i have told about this place all agree this place is tops .
0	twenty mins to close but was told that the kitchen was closed .
1	i agree they should charge the $ _num_ .
0	from the bakery , you walk along a long meat wall .
1	being so sick of arguing and speaking with this company i just agreed .
0	delivery was good for a salad but for everything else i was sadly disappointed .
1	but they are , as all the old ladies waiting at the pharmacy agreed .
0	i got tired of spending _num_ minutes of my lunch break waiting in line .
1	( i have to agree with all the previous reviews as well . )
0	it took so long to get , we just left .
1	he told me i agreed to the repairs by dropping off the vehicle .
0	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
1	they would not do this unless i agreed to major back surgery .
0	it 's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food .
1	i agree with the review below that this place has gone downhill .
0	no bueno .
1	boyfriend likes his # _num_ which is why i agreed to go there again .
0	this review is for alterations only .
1	i agree with l s. - i 've always enjoyed lulu 's .
0	parking at this particular store is a nightmare .
1	i could n't agree more with all the _num_ star reviews .
0	further , there did n't seem to be any seasoning on the steak .
1	could not agree with the other reviews more .
0	_num_ .
1	i agree with the _num_ star rating .
0	unfortunately , they were very disappointing .
1	unfortunately for the server though apt ... we agreed not to leave any gratuity .
0	the manager was rude when giving me my order .
1	my tastebuds just could not agree with the sauce or ingredients .
0	they are wasting so much money on cheese its sad .
1	i agree with jamie p 's review ; the food is not quality .
0	the team went out of their way to get us in quickly and efficiently .
1	my husband and i agreed that the atmosphere was wonderful .
0	i feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter .
1	i will agree tho that he is way over priced .
0	as much as i hate olive garden ... i would preferred that .
1	i can not agree with lauren v .
0	she then starts up the stairs and says `` no go upstairs . ''
1	other than that i will agree with everyone else , their service was horrible .
0	so the air in tire was wasted time .
1	i was embarrassed , so i just agreed .
0	the food was all bland and tasteless .
1	i agree with the comments posted by others .
0	horrible service !
1	i could n't agree with david more .
0	and the restaurant is empty !
1	my taiwanese lady said , and i agree , awful !
0	our entrees , dessert and coffee all came out at different times .
1	items were n't ready until tuesday even though monday was agreed upon .
0	as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready .
1	however , i made my wife happy & agreed to eat there .
0	the thick white bread was dry and boring ; too crusty .
1	agreed on a price and got set up .
0	could n't remember anything .
1	agree with the other two in regards to this subway .
0	i am a big fan of olive garden but not this one .
1	my relatives commented on the great service , and i would have to agree .
0	i 'd have to say i was pretty disappointed with my overall experience .
1	i can not agree with that in any way , shape or form .
0	if you hate the public , you should n't work with them .
1	i agree with most of the other reviews : skip this place .
0	both salad looked like they been sitting out for awhile .
1	if you do n't agree with them you wo n't last long there .
0	i say `` some '' turkey wrap because it was really that unimpressive !
1	but no biggie - we agree to split into different tables .
0	what i found most annoying was the uncomfortable seating .
1	pho sounded good and my gf agreed .
0	rather disappointed .
1	i agree !
0	she told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side .
1	also would agree on a previous review , they are no clean .
0	avoid this place unless you are looking for the happy ending .
1	i agree with ian below as well .
0	but this is n't what i ordered .
1	we agreed that it was the best filet we 've had .
0	we will not be back .
1	anyway , spots were still on shirts but they agreed to redo them .
0	does zero good to complain .
1	dirty tables , i agree with the other reviews here .
0	support local businesses , but make sure they are deserving of your money !
1	a few others have mentioned that they felt ignored we must agree .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	i agree with chris l. ; i was disappointed with the cafe .
0	this makes me sad to write this .
1	i agree , quite likely the worst subway on the planet .
0	not so great ?
1	unfortunately i have to agree with the majority of reviews for this particular location .
0	big mistake .
1	not even when i was ready to pay extra which i already agreed to .
0	how can a restaurant not have proper seating for its paying customers ?
1	i agree with previous reviewers that the customer service is friendly .
0	the `` ambiance '' is loud , dark , dingy and depressing .
1	i immediately called hertz saying i did not agree to any upgrade .
0	wo n't go back or recommend it .
1	i agree with joy d. could n't find a lower score to give them .
0	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
1	i do agree that the service is very friendly and pretty professional .
0	she damaged my hair so badly i ended up having _num_ inches cut off .
1	they looked , agreed it was drugs , and kept walking .
0	i gave them all my contacts information to reach me .
1	i agree with both of the reviewers .
0	worse nail salon i 've ever experienced .
1	tom agreed to call back with explanation but he never called back .
0	_num_ there service is awful , _num_ there prices are awful .
1	after some discussion , i agree to _num_ hours worth of cleaning .
0	i just do n't know how a business in _num_ can operate this way .
1	i agree with previous reviewers ... going downhill fast .
0	inconsistent again .
1	we all agreed that it was some of the best we 've ever had .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	let 's all agree that most madison take-out pizza is bad .
0	the food sucked .
1	i agree with jason b , the service here sucks !
0	then the waitress asked me if i knew the chicken itself was spicy .
1	i 'm sorry we both agreed we would never go back to applebees again .
0	but obviously we have no plans to go back .
1	i agree _num_ % on maggie g 's review .
0	neither of us were impressed .
1	they would not agree to anything .
0	that he did n't know there was a problem ?
1	we agreed on a _num_ % discount and i walked out with my watch .
0	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
1	my boyfriend and i agree this is a place to go to often .
0	it was so disgusting i could n't eat it .
1	we had an enjoyable meal and all agreed we would return .
0	i can not be refunded and the bill will be sent .
1	i agree with beth , definitely one of the best bo 's in town .
0	do n't recommend buying a car of another make here .
1	we all agreed that it was fantastic and full of charm .
0	these people are very difficult to do business with .
1	they offered to swap it out for a comparable item , and we agreed .
0	if you do n't have the time just go next door to the subway .
1	i could n't agree with other reviewers more about the strong arm tactics .
0	i brought my boots here to get fixed .
1	not as funny , i did n't agree .
0	first time i 've eaten here i went during lunch time .
1	we all agree on one thing ... western cab sucks !
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	more than one occasion they came before the agreed upon time .
0	i have eaten here several times & always find it disappointing .
1	we all agreed , and we did n't even finish the pizza .
0	obviously that feeling is long gone .
1	i agree with the negative reviews .
0	ridiculous .
1	i agreed and returned _num_ minutes later .
0	these women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs .
1	i agree with others , this is the best vietnamese in charlotte .
0	$ _num_ / salad ?
1	the nice lady agreed to let us in with no rush .
0	i made the mistake of going -- once -- on a weekend .
1	i agreed and scheduled the surgery for wednesday .
0	they simply did n't care .
1	apparently , when he and his a/c business agreed to fix my a/c .
0	the waitress was very curt and disrespectful .
1	have to agree with elizabeth l. about getting some good indian food in phoenix !
0	the first bed legit has hair under the sheets ... strike _num_ .
1	but agree the staff is terrified to actually help you .
0	stopped in on the fourth of july for evening cocktail and small meal .
1	food was great- even friends agreed .
0	i guess for $ _num_ i could n't complain .
1	i agree with the other positive reviews i 've read .
0	hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain .
1	sorry , i ca n't agree with the great ratings this place is getting .
0	Positive
1	i agree with sharon as the water is horrendous .
0	gross !
1	i agree with other yelpers their customer service is the worst i have experienced .
0	came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot .
1	i also confirmed with them that it was nut free and they agreed .
0	the owner has to be the problem .
1	the receptionists agreed that this was unacceptable .
0	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
1	i agree that dr .
0	they lead me to each exit , and each time they were locked .
1	i agree with the other posters on one thing though .
0	wish i could give this place negative stars .
1	_num_ of us ordered this and all agreed that it was way to tough .
0	risotto , while one of my favorites , is n't pasta .
1	the sushi was great and we both agreed , freshest we 've ever had .
0	it would take less than _num_ day of their time .
1	he will share one bite , and i have to agree ... .
0	the vegetables were n't even cooked .
1	called to tell them the order was wrong which they agreed they were wrong .
0	on top of that , my meatballs were quite dry , even in soup .
1	we agree with others that the bagels are average , definitely not superior .
0	the staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order .
1	i could not agree more that this is so funny .
0	unfortunately our waiter was not up to par .
1	i agree with the others -- terrible service and terrible prices .
0	sales person treated me like i was a very inexperienced .
1	and i agree !
0	the good : the ladies who run the registers are personable and helpful .
1	i would agree with the positive reviews on the steak and salad .
0	the bread was the worst part .
1	sorry yelpers but my review does not agree with the majority .
0	when to pay is confusing .
1	please let me know if you agree ?
0	average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
1	however i agree with the previous reviews that the staff are killing it .
0	the food could have come from a buffet and been better .
1	i agreed to let them do it .
0	the absolute worst service i have ever had at any bar or restaraunt .
1	and i agree with a previous review , the help is not friendly .
0	the technician was telling us how it was closed and had just reopened .
1	i would agree with ellen that there is a lot of comfort food here .
0	i did n't think it could get any worse ... .
1	i agree with the other review .
0	the crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic .
1	i wish i could say i agree .
0	has n't made me sick , again .
1	i agree w/ the other reviewers who mentioned the salsa was good .
0	it 's not my kind of food , or place .
1	event organization never agreed and did n't mention anything about them .
0	save your money and make spaghetti at home !
1	i agree with another reviewer , who asked `` what happened ?
0	service was just awful .
1	i agree with those that believe the food here is good .
0	i have been here a total of four times .
1	i agree with other reviews this place was so dirty .
0	i do n't mind the unpleasant cashiers .
1	well , i do agree this place is nice .
0	after waiting way too long to even be acknowledged , my order was taken .
1	emily looked at it and agreed that the sauce was really watery .
0	it did n't look appetizing , nor did it actually taste appetizing .
1	i have to agree this place is a really cool off the strip place .
0	but kitchen has a lot of problems .
1	i _num_ % agree with standards h. on this agency .
0	the current tenant informed me that the roof leaked .
1	i have to agree with an earlier review ... good clothes for tall men !
0	it was the same bagel , they just stuck it in the microwave .
1	i may give it another try , but i agree that madison deserves better .
0	absurd .
1	first off i will agree , the staff are friendly .
0	_num_ .
1	we all agreed it was the best we 'd ever had .
0	to be honest this place was not that good at all .
1	the mashed potatoes were great , everyone agreed on that .
0	nope , it said $ _num_ for a master stylist women 's haircut .
1	i agree with a previous reviewer , everything is great !
0	the food was bland at best .
1	i must agree with fellow yelpers that it seemed a bit outdated .
0	jiffy lube sucked .
1	i refused to pay as i agreed to the set price .
0	so sad .
1	i am so glad i agreed because they turned out amazing !
0	that 's where the praise ends .
1	i agree , justin is amazing & talented .
0	all things told , though , i would spend my money elsewhere .
1	he did not agree to this .
0	yeah , that sounds like `` nothing 's wrong '' .
1	yes , i agree this place is a gem .
0	terrible customer service will never book with them again .
1	lots of terrific variety and i have to agree with her about the soups .
0	their menu does n't include really any .
1	just as i agree with other people over here , do not go here .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	also the desserts agree so good .
0	wait time : we had a reservation , so we were seated right away .
1	everyone agreed that the spice levels were accurate , and thoroughly enjoyed their meals .
0	i had the singapore rice noodles .
1	agreed with other reviews ... they try to nickel and dime you .
0	as for me , i do n't think i 'll be back .
1	i agree with previous comment that professionals do not exist at this front office .
0	i 'm not sure why people like this place so much .
1	`` i agree !
0	made me walk across the floor after my pedi w bare feet .
1	hope others can agree !
0	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
1	i agree with others that the beer cave is wonderful .
0	it 's my fault , i guess .
1	so she agreed and said she would get back to me .
0	entire place smells like wet dog .
1	they agree after they eat here !
0	awful service , overpriced food .
1	he did not agree that wifi for customers was a good idea .
0	it was n't edible .
1	i agree with the others : the layout of this store is a nightmare .
0	there is way better hibachi in pittsburgh , for a lot less money .
1	unfortunately , i have to agree with those reviews .
0	not worth the trip .
1	i once bought a few dozen for a work meeting and everyone agreed .
0	a cup given with no ice and a bottle of soda ?
1	i agree with most of the group .
0	food was so bad that i threw it in the trash .
1	i agree that it is the best thai in charlotte .
0	it was good thing we was on vacation so we had time to waste .
1	i agree that jody is great !
0	did n't even get a `` thanks '' with my change .
1	i agree stay far far away .
0	i am so disappointed .
1	she did agree to adding a order of fries free of charge .
0	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
1	i agree with jake ... mediocre at best ... .
0	unfortunately it was n't .
1	i agree with the other reviewers : she is a very good massage therapist .
0	unfortunately rock bottom is one that falls into that category .
1	we stayed there on a recent trip and agree that the service was excellent .
0	the store is horribly dirty and the prices are higher then harris teeter .
1	i agreed and started to feel gross thinking about eating any more of it .
0	food is very cheap though .
1	i agree with some of the other reviews .
0	because of number two our service in general was not good .
1	i agree with the person that said they hope they never close !
0	the worst part was checking out .
1	he did agree to take $ _num_ off our total bill .
0	ordered the eggplant with shrimp , veggie fried rice , and chicken satay .
1	agreed it was some of the best they have had in the area .
0	needless to say , i will never come back here .
1	next we were told to pull up , worst thing you can agree too .
