0	on top of it all , the coffee was horrible .
1	probably _num_ different airports .
0	not impressed .
1	i know that , i 've gone to the airport dozens of times .
0	probably why ... carlos the manager is cheap and not customer friendly !
1	scheduled a cab pickup for the airport over _num_ hours in advance .
0	food was mediocre at best .
1	worst us airport ever !
0	all that said , the huge table of _num_ had left .
1	a mandatory walk across the airport is not good .
0	just a poorly laid out store which is showing it 's age .
1	phoenix sky harbor airport is the absolute worst as far as internet connection .
0	worst margarita i have ever been served !
1	worst international airport in the united states .
0	bland again and very chewy .
1	this airport really sucks .
0	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
1	this is the most outdated and dingy major city airport i 've ever seen .
0	the duck breast was under done .
1	worst airport in the world in my humble opinion .
0	not crispy at all assuming thats why it was so fast .
1	i 'm currently still sitting at the airport nearly _num_ hours later .
0	no reply .
1	if i could give my experience at this airport a zero i would .
0	and a lot has changed for the worst unfortunately .
1	he was the rudest , most ignorant employee i encountered in the entire airport .
0	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
1	frankly - one of the worst airports in america .
0	i do n't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff .
1	i flew into the phoenix airport on a southwest flight .
0	that being said , it was downhill from there .
1	i hate this airport .
0	( _num_ ) i called multiple times but could n't reach anyone .
1	it had no shuttle to the airport and the area was not that great .
0	i would probably only go again on an all-you-can-eat wings night .
1	now , this is my first time here at phoenix airport .
0	if i could rate this a zero , i would .
1	this airport is _num_ years behind other airports of similar size and volume .
0	the flavor was meh and the black truffle butter was surprisingly boring .
1	the most frustrating part of this airport is the baggage claim process .
0	dirty tables , i agree with the other reviews here .
1	not my favorite airport .
0	i sat around for an entire saturday waiting and no one ever called me .
1	by far the worst restaurant in the airport .
0	this has to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront .
1	the signage at the airport was poor if you do a cross terminal .
0	done in less than _num_ hours .
1	probably the worst airport in terms of signage in the us .
0	i also did n't love the service we received .
1	i hate that they are the only option to take home from the airport .
0	my biggest issue was the utter lack of any taste .
1	i hate this airport !
0	i just felt i was rushed out of there .
1	airport shuttle runs every half hour .
0	i do n't mind the unpleasant cashiers .
1	when you book a flight advice is to avoid this airport !
0	a little pricey but whatever .
1	my least favorite airport .
0	no need to ever return .
1	worst airport i have even been to .
0	the soup was neither hot in temperature or spice but it certainly was sour .
1	this airport is garbage on so many levels .
0	the flavor in the tiki masala was so bland .
1	i will pay more to not have to worry about that in other airports .
0	one week later it was empty again .
1	i 'm used to airports in cali where every seat has a charger .
0	[ the bad . ]
1	i stopped by to pick up some dinner after i landed at airport .
0	so , he took the meals back to the kitchen .
1	home of some of my biggest airport nightmares of all time .
0	i am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort .
1	if you have any other options , do n't fly into this airport .
0	i think they probably deserve better .
1	generally a dirty airport ( delta terminal ) .
0	the service was ok , not the best not the worst .
1	overall the experience was unpleasant , i 've been to much better airports .
0	we may have waited _num_ minutes before our table was ready .
1	this is the worst airport i 've ever been to in my life .
0	bad move buddy .
1	it can get crowded , but hey , it 's an airport .
0	ashley furniture will get my business from now on .
1	one of my least favorite airports .
0	i 'm really torn by this review .
1	um , this airport sucks , okay ?
0	if you are dragged here by your friends , find new friends .
1	very confusing airport .
0	very disappointed .
1	really bad airport .
0	these people are very difficult to do business with .
1	this airport does not have many amenities , especially in terminal _num_ .
0	i will not be returning .
1	if you are flying american airlines , avoid this airport at all costs .
0	the first thing i ordered was a bowl of lemongrass soup .
1	everyone who works in this airport is miserable .
0	meh is the only thing i leave here feeling .
1	for an international airport , i would have expected a more luxury feel .
0	i do n't even understand how they have the time for this .
1	bad airport .
0	however , the last few times we have been there it has been terrible .
1	waited for the shuttle around _num_ min at the airport .
0	i will not be going back .
1	terrible airport for a layover .
0	wow are their servers just lazy or dumb ?
1	not a fan of this airport .
0	first thing i noticed is the place was an absolute sauna .
1	worst airport i 've ever been through .
0	we ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did .
1	the airport is beautiful but the surrounding area is not .
0	they threw some tomatoes on it .
1	for such a small airport this place is very inefficient .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	if you 're comparing it to any other modern airport it is substandard .
0	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
1	perhaps the worst airport in north america .
0	went there with friends for the first time and felt quite disappointed .
1	phoenix sky harbor ranks as the worst airport of all time .
0	when i finally get someone on the phone , they are rarely helpful .
1	i have to fly american airlines through this outdated airport today .
0	it is very disappointing after having wonderful experiences here for over _num_ decades !
1	additionally , the rental car facility is a long way from the airport .
0	the pizza was really greasy , and the bacon was minimal .
1	i like lax as my favorite airport .
0	but it was downhill from there .
1	other airports have no problem keeping their shuttles in the move .
0	i am not holding my breath here .
1	the seats are not upgraded in the terminal like many other airports .
0	very bad service .
1	boo to this airport and its eating choices , boo !
0	there was mildew on the floors of my bathroom and bathtub .
1	one of the worst major airports .
0	very disappointed .
1	this airport is bad .
0	the rice was some of the worst i have ever had .
1	airport itself is very old old old .
0	service , small selection and mediocre food .
1	sky harbor ... a pathetic excuse for a traveler friendly airport .
0	otherwise , negative stars would be in effect .
1	on the upside , it is very close to the airport and the _num_ .
0	it was a small side salad of iceberg lettuce and croutons with italian dressing .
1	absolute bs - your _num_ miles from the airport .
0	they know they 're going to get customers in regardless .
1	it is the outside of the airport that is a big problem .
0	the waitstaff go out of their way to not help you .
1	when arriving at the airport last week , check in was simple and quick .
0	the salad dressing was tasteless , the jumbo shrimp was under cooked and chewy .
1	you might get better service at the chilis too in the same airport .
0	disgusting .
1	i hate this airport almost as much as i hate charlotte .
0	most likely will not return .
1	luckily i know the airport well but its just a terrible system .
0	i will never go back though .
1	this airport is horrible .
0	i also ordered the curry chicken noodle bowl .
1	find another rental car service at charlotte airport .
0	the price was fair and the delivery driver was nice .
1	at other airports , the gates are in close proximity .
0	even though the groupon included menu items , they do n't have a kitchen .
1	rates to the airport are a different rate than `` street rates '' .
0	i know some people have off days but this was bad .
1	this airport is having a terrible time with the parking solution right now .
0	it does n't work .
1	i 've been to better county airports .
0	leftovers .
1	quite possibly the worst airport i 've ever had a layover at .
0	stick to a boutique if you want real customer service .
1	will avoid this as a connecting airport as much as possible !
0	replied `` uh , it has to be printed '' .
1	worst airport ever .
0	i shop alot , sometimes too much .
1	yesterday at the phoenix airport was the worst .
0	the pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible .
1	my favorite thing about this airport is that you can not get lost .
0	worst applebee 's experience i 've had .
1	all in all not a fan for this sometimes necessary evil airport .
0	how ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids .
1	it 's too bad , because this used to be a pretty nice airport .
0	the filling in the middle had a bland taste , nothing special about it .
1	this airport is a bitch to get around walking or driving .
0	oh well , their loss .
1	not a huge airport , the food options are regular old airport food options .
0	im _num_ from ohio .
1	i do n't see this at any other airports .
0	buffalo blues was neither .
1	omg , this is one the worse airport .
0	i guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene .
1	ridiculously long line and wait at phoenix airport !
0	every time we have eaten here , we were hungry shortly after .
1	the whole airports needs an overhaul .
0	as if the food is not the real star of the show .
1	and if it is , it is the worst nightclub airport in the world .
0	i may or may not come back .
1	no one stays in an airport hotel unless they have to .
0	since they apparently hire good people , hire more !
1	in short , this airport stinks .
0	it does n't even have to be memorable ... just not offensive .
1	this airport is absolutely ridiculous !
0	and the store is dirty , just as others have said .
1	the airport environment feels very rushed and stressful .
0	the response and reaction that i got from her receptionist was quite rude .
1	horribly designed airport .
0	not a smart move on my part .
1	this is a very poorly maintained airport but yet , somehow a major hub .
0	this is the worst spot on walnut st !
1	this has to be one of the worst airports ever !
0	there was some improvement for awhile , but it has gotten worse .
1	worst airport for baggage .
0	stopped by fiori 's , have n't been there in years .
1	seriously though , entering this airport feels like taking a step back in time .
0	no time to get additional fabric .
1	this airport is not the best .
0	worst thai restaurant in pittsburgh .
1	however , the hilton phoenix airport can barely be called a hilton .
0	_num_ stars .
1	this is a terrible airport .
0	after going through each bag , i could not find the correct band .
1	i ended up having to scramble and drive myself to the airport .
0	worst bar ever .
1	avoid this airport .
0	nothing was awful , but nothing stood out in any way .
1	this airport has ridiculously long lines .
0	we left overall feeling disappointed in the service and the quality of the food .
1	i will avoid flying through this airport from now on .
0	the sheer size of it all was just too much too .
1	i try to avoid this airport when possible .
0	these people are very unprofessional and rude .
1	worst airport for food i have ever been in , especially on the morning .
0	to further add to the drama , the parking garage has virtually no signage !
1	man , i hate this airport .
0	the employees are nice but i get the sense it 's managed terribly .
1	the tsa at this airport is the worst !
0	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
1	they need to remember that most people do n't frequent the airport .
0	receive my check to find out it was all full price .
1	sky harbor needs a closed airport layout .
0	the burger was pretty good but , i 've had much better .
1	most confusing airport ever !
0	it is a cash only establishment and the staff was very rude .
1	worst airport experience .
0	they sprayed the windows but obviously allowed them to air dry .
1	avoid this place in the airport .
0	i could n't believe they tried to pass that off as a steak .
1	horribly designed airport ; terminals are all spread out .
0	no wonder the store was empty .
1	the noise from the airport wasnt to bad .
0	i 'm _num_ and i almost felt too old there .
1	there is nothing simple about this airport .
0	however , this past visit was unfortunate .
1	this is the worst airport layout ever .
0	i was also disappointed that they do n't serve brown rice .
1	please do yourself a favor and avoid this airport .
0	_num_ stars for plate glass window people watching !
1	worst airport in the area .
0	the only thing they did n't want to do was flush my brake fluid .
1	i am so disappointed in this airport .
0	and then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages .
1	worst wifi of any airport !
0	there were _num_ of us .
1	phx is truly one of the worst airports out there .
0	there 's no smoking inside , of course , but it always happened .
1	i 'm not a big fan of this airport .
0	parking sucks .
1	they only good thing is the crowded airport van !
0	but they do n't even seem to have subs .
1	been in three airports on our trip to north carolina .
0	do n't walk away .
1	i do n't like this airport very much in particular the us airways terminals .
0	i have n't received my piece yet and its been about _num_ days .
1	the airport is also confusing .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	food , drink , and amenities at this airport are seriously lacking .
0	fool me -- you ca n't get fooled again . ''
1	this airport is not family friendly .
0	there is also a _num_ inch ?
1	note to self to avoid this airport at all costs .
0	took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done .
1	i returned a car today at hertz at the madison airport .
0	this is a depressing coffee shop .
1	sky harbor is like any other airport .
0	finding a good ol ' diner in pittsburgh is n't exactly easy .
1	it 's just an old dingy , sticky airport .
0	the fries were ways very soggy and cold .
1	a small airport that needs some improvement .
0	after my most recent experience , however , i will never be coming back .
1	i do n't mind the airport itself but the wait for baggage is ridiculous .
0	no he did n't !
1	worst airport experience ever .
0	the worst part , though , is the service .
1	this airport sucks .
0	slowest deli department in town .
1	this airport is the pits .
0	waited for about _num_ minutes at the entrance .
1	horrible airport !
0	but the rest of the place , not so much .
1	next time i will avoid flying through this airport !
0	they give you plenty of food but it is low quality .
1	not sure how such a busy airport can have such few options .
0	the salmon was ok but not worth the $ _num_ either .
1	it was advertised as near the airport but it was not .
0	i am so disappointed .
1	i travel quite often and this airport was not very impressive .
0	but i 'm not liking the effect i 'm getting right now .
1	worst airport design .
0	for everything else , try the cat clinic .
1	i hate hate hate hate hate this airport , because i hate us air .
0	if only they could train their employees better .
1	why ca n't wifi be easier at us airports .
0	_num_ .
1	not so much a fan of this airport .
0	this was such a sour experience .
1	i ca n't stand this airport .
0	when the food finally came it was bad .
1	overall , the feel of the airport was outdated and definitely needed more outlets !
0	bland is the best description .
1	worst airport for baggage claim .
0	he just put it on the bill .
1	not the worst airport and not the best .
0	my appetizer was cajun shrimp , which was way over seasoned .
1	that was a first time that i 've noticed rocking chairs in an airport .
0	please save your money and visit another store or company .
1	this airport is just kinda weird .
0	you will leave smelling like cooking oil .
1	i ca n't believe this airport has three and a half stars .
0	i would n't recommend going here .
1	wow - quite the rude encounter at enterprise rental at madison airport .
0	another disappointment .
1	really , the only redeeming quality of this garbage airport is the free wi-fi .
0	it was just average and did n't really have any taste .
1	the airport needs some good upgrading in the near future .
0	slow .
1	this airport is kind of crappy and old in general .
0	but do n't feel this way .
1	hands down , it is the worst airport i have ever been to .
0	worst wendy 's i have ever had .
1	i have never been to a more ridiculous airport .
0	the restaurant is the worst .
1	not a great airport .
0	but i ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo , nothing to rave about .
1	stay away from eating in the sports bars in this airport .
0	i really really want this place to do better .
1	as far as gluten-free eating , this airport is terrible !
0	we were disappointed with our entrees .
1	i hate this airport more than i could ever tell you .
0	this giant eagle market district is garbage .
1	there 's _num_ hilton properties surrounding the phoenix airport .
0	seriously , avoid this place .
1	i did not have a great experience in this airport .
0	they do not stand by their mistakes .
1	however this airport certainly does not make that experience any better .
0	there are no hotel signs ; _num_ ) .
1	$ _num_ to the airport via taxi .
0	you have been warned ... stay away !
1	_num_ minutes late when i needed a cab ride to the airport .
0	bad business practices are very disappointing .
1	it is not the friendliest airport anywhere - unless you compare it to oakland .
0	cold food ?
1	my least favorite airport when flying east .
0	i really like the chili .
1	avoid this airport or terminal if possible .
0	shrimp tacos were ok just on a basic bed of slaw for $ _num_ .
1	otherwise , if you must travel through this airport , take america west .
0	the room are _num_ stars .
1	went here on my way back from the airport .
0	wo n't be back .
1	it is very close to sky harbor airport .
0	i did n't know hamburgers were traditional italian fare .
1	do n't check bags to this airport .
0	come on -- this is an `` asian bistro . ''
1	bathrooms at this airport are few and far between .
0	we stayed for four nights and got minimal cleaning service in our room .
1	this is not the airport for international connecting flights .
0	that was not fair to her and definitely not fair to us .
1	just an awful airport that needs to get back into the 19th century .
0	no lab coat , no name tag , no introduction , no nothing .
1	i have used this cab company several times for trips to phx airport .
0	service was fast , but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing .
1	stopped at this place on the way to phx airport .
0	needless to say , we will never return !
1	for some reason , i found this airport to be kind of depressing .
0	garden ridge is not the same ... it has really gone downhill .
1	to hell with this airport and really , to hell with arizona .
0	the staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order .
1	this is the worst airport .
0	guess what , no fresh oysters .
1	i would n't recommend at all parking your car there for the airport .
0	i am not interested in ever going back !
1	thanks phoenix airport for the long wait at the tsa check in .
0	lobby bar staff was unfriendly .
1	i know that no one really likes going to the airport now a days .
0	food was not awful , but just barely average .
1	if you can help it , avoid this airport at all costs !
0	i tried pickles tonight for the first time .
1	not a fan of this airport for one reason .
0	bland food .
1	same price by the airport and your in a luxury .
0	do n't waste your time here , especially if you have kids .
1	shut this airport and build one somewhere else .
0	the views are not worth it .
1	the airport itself also was n't an interesting site .
0	the sweet and sour chicken looked like drops of hard , fried batter .
1	to me , these are the airport 's only redeeming qualities .
