0	i just have n't been impressed by anything i 've ordered there .
1	no apology to me for his behavior .
0	this explains why i got my haircut there so many times .
1	finally gets my order right , does not offer a discount or apology .
0	went once , only due to bad weather , and would never go again .
1	no apology for the whole mess !
0	way too much pepper or spices , and i could hardly taste the cheese .
1	no refund was offered , no apology , nothing .
0	the kids menu was quite pathetic and expensive !
1	not a single word , apology or update on the speed of the food .
0	disgusting & totally unsanitary imo .
1	no apology no more business .
0	very rude staff .
1	not even an apology or an attempt to make things right .
0	not very tasty .
1	no apologies , no concern ... nothing .
0	not sure what all the hype is about .
1	no one called , no apologies .
0	they offered me nothing .
1	no apology and it took over a week to fix the error .
0	_num_ ) banana pudding was very good !
1	no apologies , nothing .
0	they do not stand by their mistakes .
1	no apology , no smile .
0	i 'd have to say i was pretty disappointed with my overall experience .
1	also i did n't get apology for the screw up .
0	we left einstein 's because it was crowded .
1	no apology , nothing .
0	overpriced and overwhelming .
1	no apology from the waiter for the food taking so long .
0	they said it would take another two hours to start work .
1	my fish was overcooked and no apology made when i had it sent back .
0	when the tech returned with my dog she did n't say a word .
1	no apologies from the server .
0	i proceeded to say , '' are you laughing at me ? ''
1	not a single apology was given nor eye contact even made during the refund .
0	not sure what people see here but it 's a never again .
1	no manage apology .
0	when i was little there was always enough donuts for everyone !
1	no apology or compassion ... he barely wanted to give me a refund .
0	the pasta with chicken was about the best from the trio .
1	an apology would have been nice , however we did n't receive that either .
0	no flavor .
1	there was no apologies from anyone .
0	the salmon was ok but not worth the $ _num_ either .
1	no apology for their bad service .
0	also , i was surprised by the limited number of seafood options .
1	i then asked nicely , `` no apology or anything ? ''
0	my silver was even wrapped in torn linens !
1	no apology .
0	it was a big sandwich , but the flavour was not amazing .
1	not even an apology or a manager stepping in .
0	i ordered the classic burger because nothing on the new menu excited me .
1	no apologies or comment as we were paying the bill .
0	rude , unprofessional , and lazy .
1	there was no apology or explanation given .
0	_num_ minutes later , our food and the bill arrived .
1	i received no apology or explanation .
0	the taste is reminiscent of pho but is n't quite right .
1	i witnessed more apologies to customers that day than i ever have .
0	veterans beware !
1	no explanation , no apology , nothing .
0	had a friend who went here .
1	there were no apologies for the mistakes .
0	nothing special .
1	no apology , no nothing ?
0	worst customer service at this place .
1	no comp , no apology until we cleaned up ourselves .
0	a complete waste of $ _num_ .
1	no apology & not accurate .
0	could n't have happened to a more deserving group of people .
1	no apologies were given .
0	i 'm so disappointed in my experience at the carnegie library !
1	all they are delivering around this pool has been apologies .
0	ordered _num_ cuts to eat in and _num_ and a hoagie to go ... .
1	and never once have any of us received any sort of apology .
0	i wish i did n't have to give even _num_ star .
1	again , no apologies , could care less .
0	it 's not worth the money .
1	no apology or mention of the wait until i inquired .
0	no consideration to the value of our time .
1	they make excuse after excuse and never seem to have a sincere apology .
0	the waiter did not even bother to ask if everything was okay .
1	and to make things worse not even an apology for the wait time .
0	i was exceptionally disappointed .
1	the manager obliged , but there was no apology for the poor service .
0	they actually screwed up a green salad .
1	there was no apology given or really any concern about customer service .
0	firstly , i knew there was something wrong with the server when we arrived .
1	no apology from the lousy server .
0	another losing season .
1	i was n't given any sort of discount or any real apology .
0	i sent their management a message , but have not yet heard back .
1	we went back to complain and got attitude from them and no apologies .
0	it 's a shame .
1	however it took _num_ minutes for a server to come by with no apology .
0	just awful .
1	now the check comes , no apologies , no birthday cake , no satisfaction .
0	it was busy but at times could n't find her .
1	no apology when went back ?
0	does n't even deserve one star in my book .
1	apology not accepted .
0	... no wonder .
1	at 6:30pm after many apologies from the waiter that the kitchen was behind .
0	the service was annoying .
1	there was no apology , no making up for it .
0	i have never been treated so rudely in my entire life .
1	no apology and definitely no better service .
0	the elevator moved really slow .
1	they did nothing for us , not even an apology .
0	the cut was terrible !
1	more delay and no apologies .
0	i have no clue what they gave me .
1	no apology ... than the manager brought me my salad and than apologized .
0	the restaurant was about half full , i was with one other person .
1	no apology was offered for the long wait .
0	the owner gave that table to a local group who showed up after us .
1	we received no apologies , no refund , no credit .
0	so pissed !
1	no further apology .
0	it had no flavor whatsoever .
1	no phone call the day before , no apology , nothing .
0	she 's either incompetent or she ruined my hair on purpose .
1	no apology ; no offer to correct the order ; nothing .
0	that 's not too bad , right ?
1	i get no apology i get no sign of concern .
0	the bill was $ _num_ so it is pricey .
1	she offers no apology and acts as if it 's not a big deal .
0	stopped in on the fourth of july for evening cocktail and small meal .
1	an apology does not fix my hair .
0	however , the pricing really is low when you 're lazy .
1	but never received an apology from her or the so called management .
0	if answer is yes , then maybe this place is for you .
1	the manager comes over and apologies but does n't comp the meal .
0	but the positives stop there .
1	there were no apologies from the waiters for the wait .
0	i ordered fried chicken , greens , yams , catfish , and banana pudding .
1	no apology what so ever .
0	but when it does , you bend over backwards to make it right .
1	she took the plate away but offered no real apology for the mistake .
0	the prices are downright insulting .
1	no apologies , no offer to comp a side or a dessert .
0	money trouble ?
1	she gave me the change without any apology .
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	no apology , just want some different chicken ?
0	i do n't hate anything on the harris grill menu .
1	no apology nothing .
0	check the expiration dates on all purchase from here !
1	never no apology .
0	it has gone downhill badly .
1	to not even get at least an apology is poor business practice .
0	do not shop here , it 's not worth the risk .
1	there were no apologies and nothing done to make it right .
0	my new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank .
1	no apology given after the mess .
0	i 'd stay away from this garden like the plague , though .
1	no apology given for being _num_ hours late .
0	the salad 's ginger dressing was awful and watery .
1	no apology for forgetting my ticket .
0	i was tired , packed bags , and waiting to get to the airport .
1	no apologies at all from the staff either .
0	it 's unacceptable .
1	terrible service and no apology for the fact they they totally dropped the ball .
0	some customers may like it , me , not so much .
1	no offer of apology or credit .
0	fifteen minutes later , the waitress returned , but not with our food .
1	no apologies for the confusion , no explanation .
0	egg roll was sour of all things .
1	all i got was apologies but no solutions .
0	or it had just spilled and they did n't want to waste it .
1	not even an apology and a $ _num_ gift card .
0	however , they deserve one star because they do have one amazing thing there .
1	no really apologies and the hostess were completely disorganized and lacked good service .
0	shortly after , another lady comes over .
1	no apologies or offers to correct their mistake .
0	could n't keep my eyes open !
1	no apologies , no attempt to make up for it , nothing .
0	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
1	after talking to the back , they said _num_ more min with no apology .
0	the chili was not very good either and the fries were pretty tasteless .
1	did not offer any apologies , any suggestions , any help .
0	the toppings were terrible ( pepperoni , sausage .
1	apologies , blah , blah , blah .
0	the service was pretty bad .
1	very sad experience , bad service , no apologies .
0	we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries .
1	um thats probably the worst apology i have ever heard !
0	just chunks of tomato .
1	no apologies given .
0	it also does not help that they do not have beer prices listed .
1	apologies offered , nothing more .
0	_num_ .
1	but no apology .
0	the bar food is typical .
1	he did n't mention anything , no apologies ... nada .
0	while waiting , i used the ladies restroom .
1	they said no , but no apology . )
0	i think we waited about _num_ mins , which was n't bad .
1	the manager came out w/ apologies , his card , and coupons .
0	i could n't believe they tried to pass that off as a steak .
1	um , hello ... how about an apology for wasting my time ?
0	my husbands pork was a small portion .
1	i received no apologies or explanation as to why it took so long .
0	it looked like someone 's basement or garage with tables in it .
1	`` apologies for the mistake .
0	did n't know you could mess up chicken lo mein .
1	there was no apology for the wait time .
0	they were super buttery ... too much so .
1	no apologies , no excuses , none what so ever for the timing .
0	sucks .
1	no apologies , no fresh steak , no free desert .
0	just a bit uncomfortable to see how much someone spent on an engagement ring !
1	no apologies , just a smile .
0	although i would have to say the pretzel bite appetizer was n't bad .
1	plus no apologies for being late !
0	_num_ . )
1	oh , of course , no apology was given for the wait .
0	_num_ .
1	apologies seem to be in short supply , also .
0	i substituted steamed rice for the fried rice .
1	no apology , no nothing .
0	the reason why i rate this place low is the atmosphere is abysmal .
1	to my friend , yet did n't ask what happened or offer an apology .
0	dark roasted , bitter , etc .
1	he walked away no apology no `` thank you for your business . ''
0	not my favorite .
1	no explanation or apology -- and they had my contact information .
0	it was disgusting .
1	offered no apologies .
0	no chop sticks or soy sauce unless you ask for it .
1	no apology , no attempt to try and make things right , nothing .
0	the food was bad .
1	no apology , no refund , no nothing .
0	burgers are adequate - nothing special .
1	not even an apology for my previous experiences .
0	mediocre at best .
1	she would not acknowledge the problem or offer an apology .
0	that 's probably how they got so sick !
1	there was no apology , they offered me a credit .
0	stay away , there 's nothing here to see .
1	really , not an apology or let me get the manager .
0	i really should have known better to walk in here .
1	not even an apology note .
0	it took forever for the food to arrive , it was a big bowl .
1	they offered no apologies or any refund etc .
0	the pasta i got was good , but nothing to write home about .
1	no apology , no `` drinks are on us '' nothing .
0	my problem is with the alterations department .
1	she was waited on before us and no apology was given .
0	coffee makers were loudly talking , and seemed annoyed at my presence .
1	but , tonight was unacceptable and i expect an apology .
0	holy ... cannoli ... get me out of here !
1	on top of that there was no sincere apology or anything .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	no sincere apology .
0	at one point , they even asked me not to use the shower .
1	no apologies , not even a courtesy call to let me know ?
0	plus i think i found a fry or two with the vegetables .
1	no apologies , just a bad attitude .
0	ordered a glass of wine and beers for my companions .
1	no apologies for uncooked food !
0	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
1	she made no apology , no offer to try to accommodate else elsewhere .
0	i decided to play it safe and ordered the broccoli in garlic sauce .
1	by the time someone did help , no apology for the lack of service .
0	they also promised me a partial refund for my massive inconvenience .
1	there were no apologies and no attempts to fix the situation .
0	however , the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor .
1	the cashier was dismissive - no explanation , no apology , nothing .
0	finally , _num_ mins later ... that 's one hour , folks .
1	no apology , and pizza was rubbery from sitting in the warmer too long .
0	very poor service .
1	not to mention the lack of apology for being quoted the wrong price .
0	waitress has n't checked on us in half an hour .
1	the driver offered no apologies .
0	the food is cheap .
1	they gave me a $ _num_ coupon as an apology .
0	i do n't even care about the decor or seating etc .
1	no apology and she had not tried to call me back .
0	their burgers are dead to me .
1	walked back and was given back the chips with an apology .
0	no one .
1	no apology for the wait and worst of all the pizza crust was terrible .
0	i do n't understand the hype with this place .
1	no apology , no customer service .
0	never going back .
1	unbelievably bad service and only a weak apology are n't going to cut it .
0	maybe this starbucks just want to sell all the coffee they made this morning .
1	no apologies .
0	i ate _num_ bites and threw it away .
1	_num_ hours for an oil change and no apologies from them .
0	i was disappointed with the seafood salad .
1	once there , there was no apology from the workers or driver .
0	gross .
1	no offer to comp food and no apology .
0	it was dark and crowded ( and a little bit dingy ) .
1	no apology , no nothing !
0	i was in a time crunch , so paid anyways .
1	there was no apologies .
0	this was a horrible experience .
1	she squeezed out an apology .
0	not a spot of pink to be found .
1	and not even a return call or an apology .
0	lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
1	this was really annoying , but we were n't offered any excuses or apologies .
0	simply a bad experience .
1	no apology , just a statement .
0	i was very unimpressed with this olive garden location .
1	no apology for poor customer service .
0	nothing special .
1	she offered no apology , saying she needed to go inside to make change .
0	was told there would be no problem .
1	not an apology nothing just walks away .
0	better luck next time .
1	each time no apologies and no offer to compensate even when i asked today .
0	_num_ .
1	there were never apologies from the server .
0	the crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic .
1	apologies are cheap .
0	yuck i have avoided this subway like the plague .
1	no apology for the wait or inconvenience .
0	do they train them to be rude and ignorant ?
1	no apologies , poorly managed !
0	confused !
1	no apology just were coming to get your bike !
0	but last few times i have gone it has not taste the same .
1	there was no explanation , no apology , and really no service at all .
0	the customer almost feels like they are bothering the workers .
1	no apologies , and certainly no customer service .
0	if you sign a lease now it 's $ _num_ .
1	no apologies for the confusion , nothing .
0	they gave me my cast and i left at _num_ .
1	and there were never an apology for getting anything wrong .
0	the miso soup was barely average .
1	nothing was ever acknowledged , there was no apology .
0	being treated extremely rudely by reception was the final straw .
1	an apology would have been more appreciated then a sarcastic comment !
0	we ordered just soup and eggrolls for takeout .
1	by the way , there was no apology or explanation as to what happened .
0	store is too small and always crowded .
1	i received no apology or discount for their mistake .
0	not same price .
1	no apology or explanation , just a bad attitude .
0	i ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu .
1	management needs to come across a little more sincere too with their apologies .
0	did n't file straight or smooth .
1	no apology after yelling at me or anything .
0	they were packed and could n't keep enough food out .
1	no sense of urgency or apologies for the long wait .
0	this is not a really cool hang out .
1	she offered no apology or solution .
0	however that is not what pittsburgh is about .
1	no apology , no offer to compensate , nothing .
0	_num_ $ later , i tossed it and walked out , miserable .
1	no apologies , no nothing even when i inquired about the price .
0	they complained that our house was not clean and scared off the potential tenants .
1	my poor kids were starving and i did n't even get an apology .
0	place sucks .
1	there was no apology for this .
0	my burger was as dry as a burnt piece of chicken .
1	there was no apology for their mistake , no coupons or discounts offered .
0	the barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push .
1	no apology , no manager .
0	in fact the room we sat in had approximately _num_ open tables .
1	there was no apology .
0	waited for _num_ minutes for a bagel with cream cheese with no line .
1	e. no apology or compensation .
0	this place does n't feel clean or inviting .
1	there was never an apology for the wait or delay in our food .
0	i 'm sorry , this place is simply not good .
1	when i complained to the manager i got a weak apology and an excuse .
0	unless you sit at the bar , the service is poor .
1	no apology or any type of compensation .
0	( no where on the contract does it state that ! )
1	we did n't even get an apology for this inconvenience .
0	then the bill came to over $ _num_ .
1	she offered no apologies and did n't even go speak with them .
0	the service was bad and unfortunately the haircut was even worse .
1	no apologies , no nothing from her .
0	if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating .
1	we never even received an apology , smile , nothing .
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	no apology for the unsanitary conditions was offered .
0	if this is the case then my oh my how the mighty have fallen .
1	no apologies nothing .
0	skip to the second time .
1	no apologies on our server 's part .
0	panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant i have ever been to .
1	that was it , no apology or offer to wash it again .
0	i had spaghetti and meatballs and a caesar salad .
1	the waiter returned quickly enough , full of apology .
0	of shrimp and _num_ scallops with very little salad greens for alot of money .
1	no apology , no action thus far .
0	ugh ... do n't waste your time or your money !
1	no apologies for lack of service .
0	i got rid of it myself , though lol .
1	no apologies when we were finally taken care of .
0	maybe it 's just the built in crowd .
1	not one apology .
