0	it was dry , not at all crispy , and had no flavor .
1	just be sure to make your appointment with someone with experience .
0	nothing special just around average !
1	alas , i was covered and just in time for my appointment .
0	the cheap part is always standard .
1	they gave me an appointment to take it back .
0	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
1	i had to reschedule all three of my appointments and miss work each time .
0	it was grilled chicken , french fries , a little cheese on chopped lettuce .
1	i waited _num_ weeks for my appointment because of the paperwork for first appointment .
0	save yourself a lot of time , money and pain .
1	i was making a simple appointment and was made so uncomfortable i cancelled it .
0	we will not be back .
1	two weeks later they showed up at our door with no call or appointment .
0	out of five orders , only two were done correctly .
1	make an appointment , do n't waste your time , it wo n't matter .
0	i will not be back .
1	the patient that had an appointment before mine , showed up after me .
0	the service , on the other hand , was terrible .
1	the stylist was _num_ min late to the appointment we made over the phone .
0	i mean really , this is ridiculous .
1	i accepted this appointment , having no other choice .
0	i 'd have to say it was no where near an awesome experience .
1	then told me they did find me in the system but rescheduled my appointment .
0	a complete waste of $ _num_ .
1	so i left my scheduled appointment with no massage .
0	terrible customer service will never book with them again .
1	i paid my bill and left and refused to make another appointment .
0	ca n't beat it .
1	i tried to book my appointment with bobby , but he was on vacation .
0	my acrylic nails are crooked and shorter than i asked .
1	no appointments available for tomorrow .
0	_num_ star for food , gross !
1	the specialist called me and confirmed the appointment .
0	overall the rent keeps going up every year and their service just getting worse .
1	there was no where to wait until my appointment .
0	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
1	the problems started when my first appointment was cancelled without my notice .
0	visit another club , this one is n't it !
1	i called in , made an appointment .
0	dim lighting that makes me want to sleep .
1	so now lots of pain and dr appointments for this .
0	the music the guys played was all stuff from like _num_ .
1	was n't even able to get into my scheduled appointment .
0	the decor was junkie and old and cluttered .
1	she was answering phones and scheduling appointments while working on my nails .
0	not much of a coconut taste either .
1	no appointments , over two week wait time .
0	first time nothing unusual happened .
1	and they could not accommodate my appointment with another masseuse .
0	the seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible .
1	i 've scheduled appointments and waited hours even after the fact .
0	just know that they have horrible customer service and technicians .
1	we walked around for nearly _num_ minutes after the appointment was booked .
0	restaurant dot com you 've let me down once again .
1	they will not tell you this in advance of your appointment .
0	i 'll probably not be back .
1	_num_ minutes after our stated appointment time , i finally saw my technician .
0	they also rushed me during my final fitting .
1	well making this next appointment was the worst !
0	no more .
1	the appointments do n't mean anything .
0	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
1	the staff said that there was not an appointment available for _num_ months .
0	my lil heart fell .
1	well , they did not make the 2pm appointment by a long shot .
0	noisy , dirty , poorly renovated and the worst customer service known to man .
1	i , in the meantime needed to get in myself and scheduled an appointment .
0	the odd food selections are maybe a cross between southern style and fake chinese .
1	had an appointment for a hitch install at _num_ am .
0	if that were the case , i 'd stick to making my own .
1	last week i called to schedule an appointment .
0	very disappointed .
1	there was a mix up with my appointment date , mistake on their part .
0	it 's almost been _num_ hours and i 'm still waiting .
1	i do n't know what is happening to medicine patients appointments etc .
0	_num_ stars because the beer was good .
1	showed up for my appointment and they did n't have me on the schedule .
0	not crispy but chewy and not very salty .
1	i scheduled an appointment with jen for a haircut .
0	it 's somewhat upscale , but it 's not the ritz .
1	they asked if she had an appointment , she said she did n't .
0	last two years have noticed quality of food sadly going down .
1	i booked _num_ style appointments in advance for a wedding .
0	slow .
1	appointment with my primary care doctor last months too !
0	for your own sake and peace of mind , do not give them business .
1	i had a 9:00 appointment .
0	and i replied , `` no , i 'm sorry .
1	made an appointment for _num_ am .
0	absolutely horrible customer service !
1	on a day i was pressed for time , i made an appointment .
0	food is adequate but service leaves something to be desired .
1	i called for my 2nd appointment and she was gone .
0	i 'm certain they notice , they just do n't care .
1	one word slow appointments are worthless .
0	was n't the best experience .
1	they give hardly any feedback about what to do if scheduling appointments .
0	no longer going to try .
1	when i called to make an appointment , i was equally impressed .
0	dont get me wrong , i kinda like applebees .
1	we wait _num_ minutes after our appointment time to be brought back .
0	also , i had ordered a fried pickle appetizer .
1	i probably wo n't be returning for a hair appointment .
0	by 6:30 , there were still a number of empty tables .
1	i immediately cancelled my appointment and called around .
0	i am disappointed .
1	i asked about late hours but the latest appointment is at _num_ pm .
0	cold .
1	i went in for my appointment which they told me would take _num_ hours .
0	do n't expect fresh food .
1	waited for _num_ mins past appointment time .
0	it was just a bad scene .
1	always had to wait 20-30 mins after booked appointment .
0	not keeping with the the _num_ star yelp review that brought us here .
1	i had my eyes checked and made my husband an appointment .
0	do not get married here !
1	i pulled off the freeway to reschedule my appointment .
0	i was too drunk and full of pita donuts to eat my dinner .
1	the second time we came on a saturday as well - no appointment needed .
0	first , i feel like they pull the prices out of thin air .
1	each appointment , they 'd call the day before to confirm the appointment time .
0	they are rude .
1	the assistant scheduled me for my next appointment with the wrong doctor .
0	she was appalling and rude .
1	just spent _num_ hours on appointment that was supposed to be _num_ min .
0	i will give sushi kim another chance because i know others rave about it .
1	_num_ minutes on hold to inquire about making a new patient appointment .
0	i was unable to justify spending $ _num_ or $ _num_ for their membership .
1	i showed up _num_ minutes before my 2:00 o'clock appointment as requested .
0	she however did not offer to comp the meal .
1	appointments do n't mean nothing here .
0	overall , a disappointing dining experience .
1	to my surprise there was no appointments scheduled for either girl !
0	off to star nails we went .
1	we kept the same appointment time with another physician .
0	not a good start .
1	he called twice to make an appointment and never received a return call .
0	my pizza was okay , nothing yummy .
1	both appointments took way longer than they should have because they were so understaffed .
0	this hotel is a complete ripoff !
1	i was then promised a appointment at _num_ pm saturday .
0	they next wanted to try my hands and i refused .
1	on the day of the appointment , i arrived fifteen minutes early .
0	_num_ .
1	i reluctantly accepted the response and scheduled my appointment .
0	it took _num_ months for them to resolve this situation .
1	if you have an appointment , you may even wait longer .
0	we 'll feed these to our dogs when we get home .
1	about _num_ weeks later i called to make an appointment on a saturday .
0	if i remembered her name , i would definitely mention it in this review .
1	we had an early appointment , and could n't use the lobby restaurant .
0	not a huge deal , but annoying since we asked them to do that .
1	i had a groupon and scheduled my appointment just fine .
0	it did n't look appetizing , nor did it actually taste appetizing .
1	i made an appointment for _num_ pm on a friday for my friend .
0	you have been warned ... stay away !
1	had i been that late they would have cancelled my appointment .
0	delivery was fine but the food was terrible .
1	i walked out and did n't go to my free appointment .
0	i will not be returning here for any musical needs .
1	i would not recommend this place , nor will i ever schedule another appointment .
0	my boyfriend 's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back .
1	should i not have been advised on later appointments what the results are ?
0	i 'm not totally sure why i keep going back here .
1	it does however take me awhile to get an appointment .
0	parking at this particular store is a nightmare .
1	`` we ca n't accept new contact appointments after 2pm . ''
0	just skip it .
1	left them a message to make an appointment -- no return call .
0	um , not me , thanks .
1	the day of my appointment , walked in and signed in .
0	the music was too loud for conversation .
1	so first off you need to make an appointment for david 's bridal really ?
0	when we got to the table , we were hoping for a better experience .
1	so , i made an appointment for last saturday to check it out .
0	i made a change in frames less than _num_ hours from original order .
1	_num_ minutes on hold to make the appointment .
0	rude .
1	when you have an appointment that has passed over _num_ minutes ago .
0	you do n't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that .
1	no appointment scheduled .
0	attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this `` employee . ''
1	however it wasnt until half way through my appointment that i got it .
0	talk about a nasty look and attitude .
1	so i booked a second appointment a few months later .
0	had to wait _num_ minutes before our waiter to even acknowledge us .
1	why bother having appointments if your walk ins get priority .
0	parking is difficult to come by , and you have to pay .
1	i would return only if i could guarantee an appointment with the adult employees .
0	unfortunately , i hung up feeling like a major inconvenience .
1	why would i cancel the appointment after having wasted my entire day off .
0	furthermore i week later i found my car 's belt system was broken .
1	not sure why they take appointments if they will take walk-ins first .
0	the desk ) until i 've given the room the all clear .
1	i said , `` i just need an appointment !
0	ugh .
1	it 's _num_ months between appointments .
0	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
1	i then scheduled the appointment to save $ _num_ .
0	add that to the place , the staff , the price - go elsewhere .
1	having no other choice i accepted this new appointment .
0	i could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself .
1	make another appointment , take more time off .
0	disgusted .
1	appointment was at _num_ on a thursday yet was still not on time .
0	the patty was sorta flavorful .
1	i was very disappointed in the way my appointment was handled .
0	asked to have it reheated , still came back cold .
1	there were two things that really bothered me about my appointment .
0	oh and the sushi was not fresh and tasted gross .
1	`` we ca n't take new contact appointments after 4pm . ''
0	they had a dj so there was a cover of $ _num_ - boo !
1	i arrived _num_ minutes before my appointment time to fill out paperwork .
0	_num_ .
1	although we had an appointment , our sales rep kept forgetting about us .
0	the horrible location ?
1	why not tell me this as i was making my son 's appointment ?
0	i thought maybe the cook was having a bad night .
1	however , i recently missed an appointment .
0	could n't even call me to let me know .
1	why make an appointment if they do n't keep it .
0	goodbye lowes ... hello home depot !
1	i asked for an estimated wait time , not how many appointments there are .
0	bad form , harris grill .
1	very professional considering i had made the appointment a month before .
0	an expensive mess .
1	no one could look at it because they had an appointment at _num_ .
0	because you could n't fit me in within a day i get screwed ?
1	then they would n't allow me back there with her for her appointment .
0	however some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross .
1	i showed up a half hour before my appointment to fill out paperwork .
0	this was not nearly as good .
1	so susan the ma set me up with an appointment that night at 6pm .
0	however , the reaction that we received was unacceptable .
1	they proceeded to tell me that she would speak to me at my appointment .
0	thus station needs more amenities and a makeover to compete with the dc one !
1	it was just an appointment to get electrical on our trailer hitch .
0	it smelled awful inside .
1	no problem , can i pay it when i show for the next appointment ?
0	i do n't even really know where to begin with this review .
1	i called to get my refill after saying i had made an appointment .
0	i really do n't know why i bother with chain restaurants anymore .
1	i pushed it back in , and proceeded to my appointment .
0	basically the whole experience was pure torture , which is disappointing .
1	they said they had an appointment to taste wedding cakes .
0	the crab cakes were definitely frozen , and not made from blue crab .
1	we walk in for the appointment , and they refuse to do the test .
0	the staff 's attitude is straight out of the big apple .
1	the owner is the one who took my appointment .
0	never again will i take my dog there .
1	skip this place and make an appointment somewhere else !
0	everyone hates it ... and unfortunately i drive it frequently .
1	the biggest issue is that they have very limited appointments available after 4pm .
0	at first i thought maybe it was a fluke .
1	so , i went ahead made an appointment .
0	they are a hot mess .
1	my appointment was booked and all set .
0	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
1	appointments do nothing here .
0	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
1	unless you have an appointment , do n't bother .
0	i 'm not big on chain restaurants .
1	i did so for today , calling in the morning for a 1:30 appointment .
0	we walked in and there were already some people waiting for a table .
1	he did not even offer to make an appointment after his busy time .
0	back and forth a total waste of time .
1	we walk in to find out they made our appointment for their mesa location .
0	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
1	_num_ previous appointments had been marginal , but this was totally unacceptable .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	the appointment was for _num_ am this morning .
0	_num_ stars for plate glass window people watching !
1	she was told they did not want patients that would walk out on appointments .
0	this place is one of the worst dental offices i 've ever walked into .
1	no help offered whatsoever by the person taking appointments .
0	only plus is the beer was $ _num_ and they validate parking .
1	they would not have me down for appointments i made .
0	however , i ca n't let this slide : your claw machine is bullshit .
1	he called them and they told him they had no appointment set with him .
0	well , papa j 's has officially priced itself out of our budget .
1	when i stated a pedicure i was told they did n't have any appointments .
0	worst wendy 's i have ever had .
1	i made an appointment for him at banfield , just because it 's convenient .
0	salad was average at best .
1	the next time i returned , i made an appointment with a different stylist .
0	food is very overpriced though .
1	when i called back i said i would change my appointment for then .
0	no salad .
1	we then set up appointments for alterations .
0	half my dish was potato .
1	went to the appointment and waited for almost _num_ hours before seeing anyone .
0	no tip , never coming back .
1	he said `` no , you no need appointment , just come in . ''
0	nothing was awful , but nothing stood out in any way .
1	i sat for _num_ minutes watching people with appointments get served .
0	show off how much money you can waste in a night .
1	booking an appointment is a nightmare .
0	used to be the best i 've ever had .
1	after one month i did not have a confirmed appointment .
0	we did n't see him again until after our food was brought to us .
1	my appointment was for early june to order pick out my glasses .
0	it was so tiny and there was hardly any chicken in it .
1	hello that 's why people make appointments .
0	therefore , that left junior stylists to wash and dry my hair .
1	the wait time for my appointment was long .
0	)
1	dr. anderson was very unprofessional during my appointment with him .
0	i have been riding the bus for as long as i can remember .
1	it took _num_ weeks to get an appointment .
0	_num_ of us plus drinks was $ _num_ .
1	i had an _num_ am appointment for an oil change and head light problem .
0	ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
1	what good is the appointment if it 's not honored .
0	but i think that the service was absolutely terrible .
1	even with an appointment i have waited about _num_ hours to be seen .
0	why would i spend hundreds of dollars on more suits ?
1	i dropped off my computer with mike and went to another appointment .
0	_num_ .
1	i booked this appointment a few weeks ago and have been waiting .
0	stopped in with my daughter we just wanted something small to eat .
1	my appointment was at 8:30 am , i was on time .
0	they play pop music and it 's supposed to be an italian place .
1	made my appointment for _num_ pm on thursday .
0	when i got the food it was cold and i was so disappointed .
1	if you make an appointment for a customer , be available for the appointment .
0	not much more , but enough to make it not right .
1	i was told i could return for the only available appointment at _num_ .
0	today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality .
1	update : i had another appointment with the doctor today at _num_ .
0	it is not .
1	so the appointment system does not work !
0	the hummus is a little bland .
1	i 've had appointments with salon owners and never had to leave payment info .
0	_num_ hour wait and then cold food served .
1	woke up early on my day off to make an 8am appointment .
0	i also got a _num_ pack that cost _num_ dollars .
1	they got me in and out quickly for my appointment at the genius bar .
0	terrible customer service , disrespectful in fact .
1	there is no reason to make an appointment with this business .
0	all it would have take n was a new pizza and wings .
1	just called to try to make a new patient appointment .
0	person on the taking orders was rude when i called back with a problem .
1	i had plans for this morning and now i wo n't make my appointments .
0	it 's good , but too expensive .
1	my appointment lasted about less than _num_ minutes and was not very thorough .
0	i think we waited about _num_ mins , which was n't bad .
1	i had never been late nor missed an appointment in _num_ years .
0	the cake part is now dry ?
1	i made an appointment that was about _num_ weeks out .
0	so all-in-all , the food was sub-par at best .
1	horrible customer service , they made an appointment for my son .
0	ordered two spicy chicken combos yesterday at around _num_ o'clock .
1	it clearly was not an appointment .
0	well money talks so they talked me into giving them another try .
1	why make an appointment if you ca n't keep it .
0	we ca n't believe it .
1	i scheduled an appointment , then received a call the day before the appointment .
0	so we called back and asked for our money back .
1	and have to make another appointment to address the other problems , not happening !
0	)
1	worst customer service and follow-up appointment .
0	think twice people before going here .
1	they did n't even reschedule my appointment with another stylist when she did .
0	we got the scallop appetizer and it was to die for !
1	had a _num_ am appointment and was told it would be a hour wait .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ items is crazy !
1	my complaint is getting an appointment .
0	but overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason !
1	nobody even bothered to ask me if i was waiting for my appointment .
0	wo n't be coming back after this visit .
1	anyway , appointment starts and we go into separate room .
0	rolls small lacking substance .
1	the store was totally empty except for us and i had an appointment .
0	_num_ minutes later half of our party needed to leave .
1	they scheduled me an appointment with a specialist two weeks out .
0	my husband has eaten there before and was sorely disappointed as well .
1	i could not wait so i rescheduled the appointment .
0	as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready .
1	another appointment was setup , and yet again no call and no show .
0	terrible service .
1	i set up an appointment , showed up on time but was turned away .
0	it really is a pittsburgh staple but come on ... .
1	boiled down to he did n't want to come for the appointment at 5pm .
0	`` again i ask oh really is there nothing you can do ? ''
1	why would they not tell me this when i booked the appointment ?
0	management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize .
1	called and made an appointment for _num_ people .
0	i did n't think it could get any worse ... .
1	am i not also a paying customer that also had an appointment ?
0	nothing to rave about .
1	do n't bother making an appointment for this place .
0	even the guacamole was too hot .
1	was on hold for more than _num_ mins to make an appointment .
0	no thanks .
1	i called prior to coming and i tried to make an appointment .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	during my first appointment with him , the man was barely in the room .
0	unfortunately , it is yet another example of poorly made americanized italian food .
1	this is after you have already paid your bill in full during the appointment .
