0	ugly .
1	you arrive _num_ minutes early and get in _num_ minutes late .
0	it was totally different from all other og restaurants i 've visited .
1	fried items arrive a little on the cold and soggy side .
0	the spring rolls were completely soggy .
1	it was empty when i arrived around _num_ pm .
0	they were packed and could n't keep enough food out .
1	that took another _num_ minutes to arrive and my steak was very raw .
0	otherwise , i will never stay at this place .
1	like most doctors offices , they asked me to arrive _num_ minutes early .
0	neither one greeted me or asked me what i would have like to order .
1	even worst , it did n't arrive until 9pm .
0	order something other than a burger and you do n't get much better .
1	when the bill arrived there was no discount to the total for their errors .
0	very disappointed in our delivery order this evening .
1	upon arriving the restaurant was dingy and crowded with people waiting .
0	i really do n't know how this place got any good reviews .
1	our food did n't arrive for another _num_ minutes .
0	maybe it 's just the built in crowd .
1	our food all arrived separately , and our orders were so wrong !
0	one star because zero was n't an option .
1	when i arrived i knew exactly what i was going to get .
0	monday , tuesday and wednesday came and went .
1	then i arrived ... no one came over for like _num_ minutes .
0	i called to complain and they hung up on me .
1	my dinner arrived hot and the halibut was bland and little overcooked .
0	nothing is bad , per se , just not really impressive .
1	when arriving at the airport last week , check in was simple and quick .
0	i ordered the beef vermicelli bowl , one egg roll , one spring roll .
1	the food was below average and took nearly _num_ minutes to arrive .
0	not worth the attitude of the staff .
1	i worried , because the food had n't arrived yet .
0	why was my beer warm ?
1	there was very little people inside the restaurant as we arrived around 2pm .
0	altogether , spent $ _num_ and left with a great disappointment !
1	then i arrive home and give my husband the cookie he wanted .
0	just called to get information for my son 's birthday cake .
1	arrived in about _num_ minutes to give them time to make our office order .
0	a good family dollar this is not !
1	wings arrived cold , spaghetti tasted like they opened a can of tomato paste .
0	really disappointing .
1	not even a sorry when i arrived the next day .
0	the owner was sitting right there and did n't do anything or say anything .
1	our mild salsa never arrived .
0	its really too bad , they are super close to my apartment .
1	but super disappointing once my food arrived ... _num_ minutes later .
0	breakfast was good .
1	absolutely nothing arrived in a timely manner .
0	i 've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced .
1	when we arrived there , however it was a different story .
0	the quality is completely gone , portions are smaller , prices higher .
1	did n't even get rolls until the dinner arrived .
0	that young lady obliged with no hesitation - i was very grateful .
1	the food was lukewarm when it arrived at the table .
0	unfortunately our waiter was not up to par .
1	food was lukewarm at best by the time it arrived .
0	but later the service was not all good .
1	tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold .
0	finally , someone wandered in from the back and rang up our items .
1	i arrived _num_ min early was greeted and seated on time .
0	the pasta with chicken was about the best from the trio .
1	there was a dirty shirt next to my room door upon arriving .
0	the bed was comfortable enough and the room was mostly clean .
1	when the food arrived , it was alright .
0	the food is not incredible and the service is always mediocre at best .
1	one of the bridesmaids arrived before us and went to check into the room .
0	i have spent a lot of time at shooting ranges both indoors and out .
1	it never arrived .
0	unfortunately i do n't know what happened ?
1	i arrived _num_ minutes late and stood in line for _num_ mins .
0	the service itself was n't to great either .
1	on the day of the appointment , i arrived fifteen minutes early .
0	nothing but breading .
1	it would arrive _num_ days before the wedding , but that was not guaranteed .
0	normally , i have had the best experiences there .
1	still no idea when these blinds will arrive .
0	seafood noodle soup had slices of pork .
1	if you answer the door when they arrive , service goes as expected .
0	overall it was just ok food served by an incompetent waiter .
1	however , we ordered the veal stuffed banana peppers which arrived cold .
0	finally , _num_ mins later ... that 's one hour , folks .
1	average wait time to be seated and for food to arrive .
0	soups were borderline offensive .
1	in other words , an order was n't even placed until i arrived .
0	did n't get our food until after _num_ .
1	this is about _num_ minutes after i arrived .
0	world .
1	_num_ minutes later , she arrived .
0	why did n't i have to show some email to get the free treatment ?
1	i got stuck in terrible traffic and arrived minutes before closing time .
0	tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency .
1	complete failure the moment we arrived .
0	i just kinda stared at her in shock , unable to speak .
1	upon arriving i immediately did n't feel welcome .
0	walked out without making purchase .
1	by the time it arrived everyone else was done their meal .
0	i do n't eat seafood often so i would n't know .
1	when my food arrived , i was disappointed before i even took a bite .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	when it arrived , it was clearly not medium .
0	so please , i trust you to just make me look hot . ''
1	upon arriving we soon realized that our room had no internet .
0	one year after they cut that route after being there over _num_ years .
1	another issue was the check was short by $ _num_ when it arrived .
0	i just felt i was rushed out of there .
1	i ordered a steak and cheese hoagie and it arrived in a burnt bun .
0	but the clams casino were inedible .
1	that would be an elevator that took about _num_ minutes to arrive .
0	i was expecting $ _num_ + $ _num_ salad upgrade .
1	however , when it arrived i was very disappointed .
0	i was not impressed with my sandwich there .
1	arrived on a friday night around _num_ pm , the place was pretty empty .
0	located in not such a great part of town .
1	thinking i 'm not arriving back here anytime soon .
0	the sub was not one bit better than subway .
1	_num_ minutes later , our food and the bill arrived .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	the terrible experience happened before i even arrived .
0	the only thing i liked was their ranch sauce .
1	my husband and i arrived there at 7:30 pm last evening .
0	no flavor .
1	i arrived home and the pizza was still wrong .
0	ugh .
1	when they arrived , we were highly disappointed .
0	apparently my empty glass was n't enough of a visual cue .
1	pastries arrived quickly but no coffee .
0	the food here was greasy , uninspired and bland .
1	after my shuttle was scheduled to arrive , i was still there .
0	he asked me if i had $ _num_ cash on me .
1	we arrived at this walgreens before _num_ pm on may _num_ , _num_ .
0	they are completely mean and disrespectful .
1	but when i arrived to phoenix i had the most horrible experience .
0	the waitress was very curt and disrespectful .
1	i arrived at _num_ pm and they are supposed to close at _num_ .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	we arrived and they had forgotten about our order once again .
0	i 'm sorry , this place is simply not good .
1	our drinks arrived _num_ minutes after that .
0	they seems not care to lose a customer , it is disappointing .
1	the steamed mussels arrived in a grey broth that looked like sewage water .
0	Neutral
1	i did n't like the crust , or the sauce and it arrived lukewarm .
0	the restaurant across the street was apparently a night club as well .
1	she acted quickly , within _num_ minutes our food began to arrive .
0	zero stars .
1	i arrived and was met at the door by the sign , `` sorry .
0	left with : big mac , medium fries , no coke .
1	last night entrees arrived _num_ minutes apart .
0	i ate here for lunch today with my wife and _num_ kids .
1	our appetizer finally arrived - but no soup .
0	too bad , jared 's .
1	i was greatly disappointed when it arrived .
0	and the women 's locker room was nasty .
1	when the food arrived it was totally wrong .
0	we are not going back .
1	the fish sandwich arrived nearly _num_ minutes before the rest of our meals .
0	fairly mediocre , even by the relatively modest standards of home depot .
1	but this was going on long before i arrived at 5pm .
0	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
1	finally , _num_ minutes in , our food arrived .
0	it was tough and boring .
1	our party arrived about _num_ minutes before our 5:30 reservations .
0	service -- - probably the worst service i 've ever had there .
1	when the salad arrived , it did not look like the picture .
0	not laid out well .
1	it took forever for the food to arrive , it was a big bowl .
0	both plates were mediocre at best .
1	when they arrived , the rib 's were good , chicken was cooked nicely .
0	it 's hard to get a good chinese restaurant around pittsburgh .
1	so , i arrived in miami and it was time to hit the beach .
0	my sleep and stay was ruined .
1	once arriving at the said location i was greeted promptly .
0	the empty cup is still in front of me though .
1	it took _num_ 1/2 months for my office furniture to arrive .
0	couple of years ago more orders were found to be overcooked and less meaty .
1	our wings and burger arrived and we were thoroughly disappointed .
0	because there regular food is mall grade at best .
1	at 6:30 , however , no cab arrived .
0	i ca n't even believe somebody would serve that .
1	not sure why , as it took forever for meal to arrive .
0	that he had been there _num_ months and never had a complaint ?
1	after arriving back at the hotel , bedding had not been changed .
0	then told me it probably did n't start because it was sitting so long .
1	i left the hospital in tears in worse pain then i arrived .
0	i could n't taste salt , pepper , garlic , anything .
1	our wine was not delivered until after our steaks arrived .
0	absolutely horrible customer service !
1	we arrived 6pm friday night and had a short , _num_ minute wait .
0	that was n't to be .
1	when arrived a bit early before our reservation time , which was 5pm .
0	in my opinion , the is a prime example of a bad shadyside bar .
1	and when i have arrived there was no room for me .
0	is it worth the $ _num_ cover on fridays ?
1	only _num_ people in line when arrived .
0	if not , oops !
1	i was traveling alone for business and arrived late at night .
0	reason i book reservation is to have enough seats ahead of time .
1	when i arrived for the ultrasound there was no one even in the office .
0	there was some improvement for awhile , but it has gotten worse .
1	they did n't let us know ( we had reservations ) until we arrived .
0	we were seated , and had to wait awhile for service .
1	before our food arrived , we asked for the bill to cancel our order .
0	its only been in new york and dc for years !
1	upon arriving there was men 's hair in the shower which was disgusting .
0	it was a sandwich mostly of slaw and fries .
1	my companions ordered shared salad and flatbread which arrived without sharing plates .
0	cardboard .
1	when we arrived , we ordered a beer , and a soda .
0	_num_ stars .
1	i arrived and was disappointed to not see the arrangement i ordered .
0	everyone hates it ... and unfortunately i drive it frequently .
1	unfortunately , when that day arrived i was severely disappointed .
0	the garnish had cheese on it the first time , not the 2nd .
1	when we arrived , we told the hostess that there _num_ of us .
0	ugh .
1	when our food finally arrived it was a disappointment .
0	i give them a _num_ for presentation .
1	no breakfast served because the food never arrived !
0	the old guy continued to drink wine and yelled at another waitress .
1	when he arrived at banner desert he was treated as though he was trash .
0	i have a idea , get rid of those cashiers , fire them !
1	when i arrived , the food was not ready and nothing was bagged up .
0	that is the last money i will spend in that place .
1	when the pizza finally arrived , it was almost doughy it was so undercooked !
0	the chowder was basically flour stew with potatoes .
1	when the food finally arrived , two of our three orders were wrong .
0	hummus is ridiculously expensive .
1	our food arrived with _num_ minutes to spare from our break .
0	all that said , the huge table of _num_ had left .
1	when the food arrived it was mediocre at best .
0	i felt sick before i got halfway through it .
1	_num_ minutes later our waiter arrived and took our order .
0	compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite .
1	i arrived for lunch at 11am and was seated immediately .
0	sadly , however , they did not .
1	the salads took over _num_ minutes to arrive .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	when we arrived there was complimentary valet which was awesome .
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	because it is friday now , the medicine will not arrive until monday .
0	i should have just gone to giant eagle .
1	the delivery driver arrived about _num_ minutes later .
0	try $ _num_ , for real .
1	we ordered , and _num_ minutes later our meals arrived .
0	this place was really gross .
1	we arrived around 4:30 p.m. and there was no one else in the deli .
0	i stuck them in my mouth and wow ... they were flavorless .
1	it sucks to arrive somewhere to find that out .
0	so extremely rude .
1	firstly , i knew there was something wrong with the server when we arrived .
0	the steak was so chopped that it kept falling out of the bun .
1	when the drinks arrived , we ordered from the menu .
0	the front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer .
1	our meal did n't arrive to our table until _num_ 1/2 hours after ordering .
0	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
1	when i arrived , i was greeted with `` just a moment '' .
0	waste of time .
1	even upon arriving , i was utterly disappointed .
0	big waste of time and gas .
1	hostess was rude and ignored us when we arrived .
0	food is decent , but service is no good .
1	_num_ minutes before we got drinks , _num_ minutes until food arrive .
0	it was all french fries and very little meat .
1	this last time i arrived early so that i could get a table .
0	not good .
1	i arrived and the restaurant was extremely busy .
0	there were no pictures hung in the room to improve the appearance .
1	my plate arrived and looked like a garden threw up on my plate .
0	i had a bad experience at penn automotive .
1	however , the next service took almost two hours for them to arrived .
0	not a fan of the french bread .
1	she had smoked wings with ranch dressing , they arrived with barbecue sauce .
0	i got a chicken noodle soup and he got the seafood calzone .
1	when it arrived , it too , was way over salted and tasted stale .
0	and you just lost all of our business .
1	then adding insult to injury the food was bland when it arrived .
0	tried their philly cheese steak .
1	_num_ hours after arriving at phx .
0	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
1	now , almost two weeks later , my order still has not arrived .
0	probably not ordering from here again .
1	so disappointed and completely embarrassed by what arrived .
0	_num_ minutes to get our bread and _num_ to get our appetizers .
1	i arrived and gave the manager shane my keys .
0	not a medium .
1	we arrived on a wednesday evening and there were _num_ of us .
0	just be sure to make your appointment with someone with experience .
1	then when they arrived with my order , again wrong .
0	the only thing i will give them credit for their italian wedding soup .
1	we arrived around 9:30 a.m. to find empty shelves !
0	the server apologized and offered to get the correct sandwhich for me to go .
1	they would not seat my girlfriend until i arrived .
0	the savory crepes were better than the sweet crepes which were a disappointment .
1	when i arrived the line had only one person that was being helped .
0	we wo n't be ordering from here again .
1	the bill arrived and to my surprise the chicken sandwich was still on there .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	really sad that we got treated so rudely when we arrived tonight .
0	i used to order takeout here once every month or so .
1	later the panko udon arrived , and it was even worse .
0	service was just barely adequate on this visit .
1	we were seated immediately in the back room which was empty when we arrived .
0	okay on to service ... everyone seemed like they hated their job .
1	our entrees arrived about _num_ minutes after the salad .
0	slow service and a mediocre meal .
1	arrived and an hour wait just to check-in .
0	did i mention the cake was dry ?
1	upon arriving the service was ridiculous .
0	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
1	finally the paperwork arrived and all was resolved .
0	from horrible service to terrible seafood ... would never return .
1	it took over _num_ minutes for our salads to arrive !
0	it 's never open ... not even at 6:30 pm on a thursday .
1	bread and butter arrived quickly .
0	we finally got our money back , we did n't even eat the food .
1	our food did n't arrive for _num_ mins .
0	after spending over $ _num_ plus games , we will never go back .
1	when we arrived the hostess was very unpleasant .
0	- this really was the standout .
1	i arrived at _num_ and was kept waiting until _num_ when he came in .
0	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
1	we waited , but no water , chips , or menus arrived .
0	this was not the case .
1	arrived promptly at 7:30 and the place was very busy , which i expected .
0	i did n't hear back .
1	i waited another _num_ minutes in there before his pa arrived .
0	this store has such bad service .
1	provolone sticks arrived undercooked , cheese was fully solid , they tasted okay .
0	her potatoes were ice cold and sandwich luke warm .
1	arrived to find chairs up on tables and doors locked .
0	ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired .
1	the pizza was super slow and when it finally arrived it was burnt .
0	no bathrooms .
1	there was just one table of _num_ seated and eating when i arrived .
0	services between spas are typically the same .
1	the last _num_ mornings i arrived to find nothing but crumbs left for eggs .
0	disappointing .
1	when i arrived at the store it was relatively empty .
0	i would be happy to get my _num_ back .
1	when my food arrived , it had lettuce and tomato on it .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	when i arrived , i was treated the same way the other reviews described .
0	however , the service is seriously lacking .
1	they forgot our silverware and salad and breadsticks took _num_ minutes to arrive .
0	the bf and i got lost around pittsburgh for _num_ min .
1	several minutes later our server arrives with our salads , soups and drinks .
0	i tried dean 's because i had a coupon for a free hair cut .
1	it took over _num_ minutes after ordering and we arrived before noon .
0	half the time you do n't understand what they speak in english .
1	when they arrived , the driver neglected to bring us our pepsi .
0	the food is sooooo bland though .
1	when we arrived it was less than half full at around 6pm .
0	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
1	when i arrived home from my trip i noticed that my tire was flat .
0	their chicken is better too .
1	after almost _num_ minutes , the food arrived .
0	we ate two each , then told the server we did n't want them .
1	arrived _num_ minutes early .
0	literally , anywhere .
1	we just ordered form here and were totally disappointed when our food arrived .
0	i do n't return on principle .
1	he then proceeded to wait on the other _num_ tables that arrived after us .
0	went to getaway last night for famous fajitas .
1	i arrived at charlotte _num_ minutes before my plane was supposed to leave .
0	stay away , there 's nothing here to see .
1	other people have arrived and walked out as well .
0	im from california and was excited to experience this restaurant .
1	it took just over _num_ minutes for the food to arrive .
0	it looked a mess .
1	we arrived shortly after opening on january _num_ , _num_ .
0	no wonder they need coupons for customers .
1	i arrived at the restaurant estimated ready time stated during our phone order .
0	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
1	dispatch informed someone would arrive .
0	the owner ( larger woman ) is rude and dismissive of my questions .
1	the main dishes arrived and they were a major disappointment !
0	the cable and internet did not work our first night there .
1	when it finally arrived _num_ of us asked for side of sour cream .
0	if you are going to order something , i would go with the pizza .
1	they were not set up for us when we arrived .
0	the fitness center lacks a fan , so working out gets too hot .
1	there was one other customer getting a pedicure when i arrived .
0	this place just keeps getting worse and worse .
1	once seated , we then wait for our waiter to arrive .
0	we ordered the `` pitt burger '' and boy was it disappointing .
1	we arrived at moto and were seated promptly at a table by the bar .
0	four star _num_ diamond yea right .
1	when the rest of our group arrived ( on time !
0	and there was no alcohol in it .
1	my car did n't arrive back until 8:00 pm that evening .
0	know your customers , bring back the stew .
1	there was an emergency going on with another dog when i arrived .
0	i ate two of the _num_ tenders ( seven ! )
1	i arrive _num_ min later and they say check in does n't matter .
0	egg rolls , wonton soup were not good .
1	i was quoted _num_ minutes and arrived right about then .
0	my cashier never handed me a cup for my drink .
1	if they ever arrived it was after a very long time .
0	this restaurant is not my number _num_ choice .
1	fast forward _num_ more hours and they have not arrived .
