0	i waited _num_ minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence .
1	the atmosphere is a bit sterile .
0	the crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic .
1	tiny place with a friendly atmosphere .
0	asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one .
1	just a very dismal atmosphere and a severe lack of customer service .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	no atmosphere and a horrendous place to watch any of the games .
0	just awful .
1	overall the atmosphere here is weak .
0	they did n't even get their drinks .
1	there also is n't much seating area and there is no atmosphere at all .
0	mediocre food service and atmosphere .
1	the food was great , but the atmosphere was kind of annoying .
0	i asked about late hours but the latest appointment is at _num_ pm .
1	unfortunately the atmosphere did n't make up for the sub par food .
0	i 'm shocked , never thought men 's dress clothes were so pricey .
1	none of our friends go there anymore due to the atmosphere .
0	the food was ok but nothing to great .
1	giving _num_ starts instead of _num_ because of it 's pleasant atmosphere .
0	i could n't believe it !
1	however , upon entering , the atmosphere is really old and dated .
0	and there was no alcohol in it .
1	this place has a very weird atmosphere , staff was awkward and weird .
0	have consistently had rude customer service .
1	the atmosphere was nice but i 'm pretty sure we are not going back .
0	i mean , i understand you do n't care about _num_ dollars .
1	the atmosphere is awful , it feels like a cheap dining room .
0	i ate a little bit , but i did n't want to finish it .
1	the food was mediocre and the atmosphere was too .
0	i will never go there again , and i recommend you do n't either .
1	the loud rock music and night club atmosphere was a little too much .
0	i do n't understand why he is working there .
1	the atmosphere is dark and lost in the early _num_ 's .
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	it definitely was not worth the cost and lack of atmosphere .
0	i have paid $ _num_ for a car was and received a better quality .
1	that being said , the atmosphere is awesome as is the store .
0	the sushi was not fresh .
1	the atmosphere is not casual and the place is not very inviting .
0	twenty mins to close but was told that the kitchen was closed .
1	the atmosphere is faux irish pub .
0	this is not one of them .
1	the atmosphere and service was stuffy and rather cold .
0	or maybe i 'm wrong .
1	the food was ok , but the atmosphere and service was less than stellar .
0	delivery came somewhat cold , extremely bland .
1	disappointing food and atmosphere .
0	owners , please stick to your business hours .
1	really bad atmosphere for women .
0	do they even have tables for _num_ ?
1	do n't expect any atmosphere , which is no big deal .
0	just terrible .
1	horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts .
0	in my opinion , the is a prime example of a bad shadyside bar .
1	very awkward location and atmosphere .
0	i felt terrible for her in that situation .
1	i was n't especially impressed by the atmosphere .
0	the service has always been very slow .
1	the atmosphere of this place is loud .
0	very disappointing .
1	the atmosphere was lackluster and the entire experience was bad .
0	not even a simple `` i 'm sorry . ''
1	the food was average and the atmosphere was n't too inviting .
0	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
1	atmosphere was blah .
0	$ _num_ for wedding soup ?
1	the atmosphere is low key .
0	the only thing mixed about this salad was the iceberg and red cabbage .
1	atmosphere was alright .
0	the desk ) until i 've given the room the all clear .
1	the atmosphere was ok , and the bar looked a bit disorganized .
0	otherwise , it would have been a _num_ or _num_ .
1	everything is nicely set and the atmosphere is relaxing .
0	but the service is horrible .
1	while the food has n't changed and is fine , the atmosphere is n't .
0	pamela is a bad representation of this location !
1	the atmosphere is quiet and a little awkward at dinner time .
0	under no circumstances would i eat here again .
1	but seriously , the atmosphere is horribly family oriented .
0	nevertheless , i will not go there , again .
1	the atmosphere just feels uncomfortable and the service is lacking .
0	i would like to say that i am only disappointed by what 's happened .
1	i hate the atmosphere .
0	it was _num_ of us and _num_ ppl got their checks .
1	the atmosphere is bland and uncomfortable , the food was pedestrian , at best .
0	simply awful !
1	atmosphere was ordinary , but it appeared that they were professional .
0	throughout the entire order , we got nothing but attitude .
1	atmosphere was very lame for a thursday night .
0	unfortunately rock bottom is one that falls into that category .
1	great atmosphere and rather humble , especially for a chain restaurant .
0	rude , disrespectful jerks who should not be dealing with the public .
1	so , i like the atmosphere .
0	i could n't believe it .
1	pros : the beer , casual atmosphere , and garlic chile fries .
0	no apologies , no offer to comp a side or a dessert .
1	to make matters worse , the place has all the atmosphere of a warehouse .
0	my jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke .
1	it has a very nice atmosphere and the service is great .
0	as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready .
1	food sucks , service sucks , and the atmosphere sucks .
0	the servers are polite , but extremely inattentive .
1	i am thinking people are writing reviews for the atmosphere and not the food .
0	if i were to go back , it certainly would not be to eat .
1	we did n't care for the atmosphere and did n't actually eat anything .
0	_num_ .
1	the atmosphere in the store always has a negative vibe .
0	_num_ .
1	what i do fault them for is the atmosphere .
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	the atmosphere is someone 's dirty garage .
0	it was so underwhelming .
1	atmosphere was lame and so were the servers .
0	gross .
1	atmosphere was weird .
0	turns out they do n't have mixed vegetables which is on the menu .
1	the atmosphere is very relaxing and staff is always pleasant .
0	at times we could barely hear ourselves think , let alone hear each other .
1	while the atmosphere was nice , i did not enjoy the food .
0	there was a long line and only one employee at the checkout .
1	i really enjoy the atmosphere however the food is worse than a microwave dinner .
0	should be _num_ minutes '' .
1	the store overall just had a very unprofessional atmosphere which was irritating .
0	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
1	way overpriced for average food and less than average atmosphere .
0	i looked around and there were only _num_ other people in the entire restaurant .
1	the atmosphere of this dillard 's is just crap now .
0	( all same kind of cookie ) .
1	smokers ruin the atmosphere .
0	however , i never ever will let a social event get out of control .
1	the atmosphere and pasta were n't bad .
0	on most visits it takes em about _num_ minutes .
1	the atmosphere is less friendly .
0	there are much better sushi choices available .
1	it had a nice atmosphere , but the food left much to be desired .
0	this time was not so good .
1	the atmosphere makes you feel cheap and cheated .
0	each time , i ask myself , `` why am i going back ? ''
1	great atmosphere for working , studying or a meeting .
0	order : big mac , large fries , diet coke .
1	this review is solely based off of the pretentious atmosphere .
0	rude service , and pizza was subpar .
1	the atmosphere is not bad , pretty much expected for a wine bar .
0	oh , pat buses , why ca n't i quit you ?
1	the entire atmosphere of the store is depressing .
0	i talked to him for _num_ minutes and he was polite and friendly .
1	the atmosphere was just kind of dated , nothing special .
0	we never got a call about the reservation time which was annoying .
1	the atmosphere is the only redeeming quality that i can find .
0	it all could have been so easily avoided .
1	the noise volume absolutely smothered the meal and destroyed the atmosphere for me .
0	delivery is slow and not even close to the best chinese in the area .
1	not to mention , the service and atmosphere was lacking for the price .
0	very disappointing meal .
1	the atmosphere is a typical bar and the patrons are all white trash .
0	it 's my fault , i guess .
1	atmosphere was awful .
0	do not waste your money .
1	it 's not a very professional atmosphere .
0	just so rude .
1	the servers are good people , the atmosphere is typical for a steak place .
0	though the food was adequate , it 's not the same .
1	as soon as you walk in you an tell that the atmosphere has changed .
0	if not , um , why would we want to pay for it ?
1	atmosphere was casual but prices were upscale .
0	the gyro sandwich for $ _num_ was ok at best .
1	i noticed when we walked in that there was no atmosphere at all !
0	puts it into a glass and serves it to someone else .
1	noisy and the atmosphere is more dive bar than lounge .
0	maybe _num_ % full !
1	great service , fantastic atmosphere ... friendliest owners ever !
0	the worst best buy i have ever visited .
1	it 's hard to beat the atmosphere of this place in the summer .
0	very disappointing easter dinner .
1	the atmosphere is ok if you sit by the water .
0	$ _num_ , including tip .
1	the servers were nice but the atmosphere was too load .
0	extremely disappointing and appalling .
1	the atmosphere is classy , old school americana .
0	had the gyro and added feta .
1	the atmosphere was noisy and industrial .
0	nothing raw , nothing green , nothing fresh , not even as an ingredient .
1	additionally , i was not too thrilled with the atmosphere or beer selection .
0	that has nothing to do with our party size .
1	it was very annoying and ruined the atmosphere .
0	just had the panang tofu for lunch , and was crazy underwhelmed .
1	for such a nice atmosphere its too bad the service was horrible .
0	this place offers really poor service .
1	the atmosphere and decor leave much to be desired .
0	they do not have ice cream , only soft serve .
1	the atmosphere is awesome , i will give them that .
0	both had no flavor and the crust was chewy and lousy .
1	the atmosphere : the downstairs bar area is small and cheap looking .
0	service was horrible .
1	pleasant atmosphere and bartender was very friendly .
0	we walked in and there were already some people waiting for a table .
1	good atmosphere , great service .
0	terribly overrated .
1	zero atmosphere .
0	however , the customer service lacks excellence and the wifi is completely unreliable .
1	as far as atmosphere goes , it 's lacking a bit .
0	at tram 's , the pho bowl is small .
1	the atmosphere was mixed , children playing along side adults .
0	while the greens were decent , there were barely enough for a few bites .
1	but the atmosphere was yuck and the interior was just as bad .
0	, i would have never known .
1	the atmosphere was calming and the staff greeting us was friendly enough .
0	okay , so maybe that night we just had bad luck ?
1	overall hated the service , the atmosphere and the overall experience .
0	this is probably the worst review of a restaurant i 've ever written .
1	the atmosphere sucks and the service is awful .
0	even burger king does n't microwave their breakfast !
1	the atmosphere is nice but the food quality was lacking .
0	the food here is awful .
1	upon entering , the atmosphere was just ok .
0	_num_ .
1	the atmosphere sucks and the food is n't even that great .
0	`` apologies for the mistake .
1	filiberto 's has much better mexican , but not the atmosphere .
0	if i could give less than one star , i would .
1	an investment group has taken over and the friendly atmosphere is missing .
0	i also ordered a bowl of chili which was too spicy for me .
1	our waiter seemed to be rushed creating a very uncomfortable atmosphere .
0	there were _num_ customers ahead of me and _num_ ladies behind the counter .
1	the _num_ 's music also did not fit the atmosphere of a mexican restaurant .
0	the golden palace buffet is bad , but at least edible .
1	love the friendly atmosphere , and especially the breakfast .
0	but waited over _num_ minutes for them to take our order .
1	not a comfortable atmosphere from the baristas .
0	worst customer service at this place .
1	the atmosphere is not cheery .
0	my pet 's annual visit was over well $ _num_ .
1	the atmosphere was great and the wait staff was very accommodating .
0	the hem was n't even touched and they charged me $ _num_ .
1	terrible gaming , food and atmosphere .
0	i could understand if they were worn a lot , but they were not .
1	the atmosphere is that of a very noisy cafeteria .
0	it did n't taste fresh , almost frozen at one point and microwaved .
1	the atmosphere was very unprofessional and unfriendly .
0	the most disappointing part is the sushi itself .
1	the atmosphere was nice .
0	you 're paying like $ _num_ a night for no soap .
1	if only the food were as good as the atmosphere .
0	i do n't think their menu is limited though , it seemed fairly typical .
1	fairly busy , and has an unfriendly atmosphere .
0	never again will i take my dog there .
1	i was not impressed with the atmosphere , service or food .
0	plus the bread was poor quality .
1	it was not pleasant there and the atmosphere was negative .
0	i could n't agree more .
1	i was not impressed with the atmosphere of the salons either .
0	and sure enough , cue tuesday -- no call .
1	the atmosphere really can make or break a dining experience .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	w walked in and the atmosphere seemed decent too .
0	i looked at my boyfriend who checked his watch while i checked my iphone .
1	come for the food and not the atmosphere or service .
0	have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on ?
1	the atmosphere is stale and the service adequate .
0	i thought it was odd how many empty tables were in the bar area .
1	it was pretty trashy for the otherwise very nice atmosphere .
0	to make it worse , they are supposed to open at _num_ .
1	it was a really unpleasant atmosphere .
0	i ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and was disappointed .
1	terrible atmosphere .
0	needless to say none of us wanted to order another round of drinks .
1	the place was messy and just had a really poor atmosphere .
0	for the very first time the food was awful .
1	my biggest problem with the place though is the atmosphere .
0	firstly , the food had no flavor .
1	the overall atmosphere was n't bad .
0	quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price .
1	still do not like the atmosphere , nor the food .
0	it 's not that delish .
1	i 've never dined in , so i wo n't comment on atmosphere .
0	did n't get our food until after _num_ .
1	the atmosphere was great , but the food was bad !
0	worst parking lot in pittsburgh .
1	the atmosphere and bar keeps were not welcoming , inviting or friendly .
0	yet again , not one courtesy call , nothing resolved .
1	the atmosphere and wine did not disappoint .
0	extremely slow service !
1	great atmosphere .
0	had to have my sheets changed when i got to my room .
1	the atmosphere from the start was dead wrong .
0	it reminded me of a cheap college place .
1	the atmosphere is n't bad , the food could be better .
0	we also had a masala and that too was not great .
1	- atmosphere !
0	this place went from awesome to worst after it changed owners .
1	was extremely unimpressed with the food and atmosphere .
0	husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce .
1	talk about the worst service , food and atmosphere .
0	i 'm no fair weather fan , but 20+ years of losing is enough .
1	first off , the atmosphere was nice .
0	i 'm never going back , and you should n't either .
1	great atmosphere and friendly service every time i go !
0	the service is most often rude .
1	when i walked in it was not a welcoming atmosphere .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	i will only return for drinks and to soak up the atmosphere .
0	do not go here for service on your bike .
1	the atmosphere is very overwhelming .
0	i woke up with bed bug bites all over my body !
1	the atmosphere not so much .
0	do not go here -- find another dentist .
1	the atmosphere is weird !
0	i only eat the hot and sour the night we ordered our take out .
1	the only reason it even earned _num_ stars is for the atmosphere and nostalgia .
0	i asked our server why they had n't mentioned this when we came in .
1	all-in-all , i give it a _num_ star rating for the atmosphere .
0	apparently the guy was the owner , but he was beyond rude .
1	i did n't like the atmosphere .
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	however , the atmosphere and store interior is clean and moderate volume .
0	there were no complaints with the chicken , the only star of this evening .
1	greasy food in a neat atmosphere .
0	might have been a stomach bug but it is kind of strange .
1	the atmosphere did n't disappoint .
0	they were returned to me a full size smaller than i dropped them off .
1	the atmosphere is like any other seafood restaurant with a mixed crowd .
0	i would have given it _num_ stars .
1	really nice atmosphere and free parking in the back .
0	people were sat after us and have already received food .
1	the atmosphere makes me feel like i 'm in new york or chicago .
0	the last _num_ times i 've eaten here the prime rib was still cold .
1	the atmosphere was nice but most everything else was mediocre including the coffee .
0	for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags !
1	the atmosphere was just pretty blah all around .
0	the food was awful .
1	we were n't expecting to much walking in but the atmosphere was pretty nice .
0	i refuse to patronize any business that only accepts cash .
1	the atmosphere was great , the seats are uncomfortable .
0	you do n't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that .
1	i do n't think this fast fast atmosphere is right for this lady .
0	went on a wednesday night , not crowded at all .
1	in general , it has a relaxed atmosphere .
0	in short , i do not believe we will be dining here again .
1	great atmosphere , often crowded , not too expensive , tasty beverages .
0	avoid this place at all costs !
1	the atmosphere is decent enough , the service is often lacking .
0	she said `` fine '' ( rude ) .
1	the atmosphere was that of a typical shopping mall restaurant .
0	for salad , they only served `` caesar salad '' .
1	atmosphere was great , food was good but service was bad .
0	_num_ .
1	while the food and atmosphere were great , our waiter was anything but .
0	almost every order i 've placed had something forgotten or incorrect .
1	the atmosphere can not be beat , though .
0	when i complained how they failed to honor my reservation mr .
1	do n't expect anything more than cold beer and casual atmosphere .
0	delivery : horrible experience .
1	service was slow but the overall atmosphere was okay .
0	we walked out and still nobody noticed .
1	i was very unimpressed with the atmosphere , cleanliness , and employees .
0	they lost out big time with me .
1	the atmosphere was atrocious .
0	there are a few of them and there 's really nowhere else to go .
1	i liked the atmosphere but the food was way too salty .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	and i 'm sure not paying you extra for atmosphere .
0	if this is their generic price for _num_ hour of labor it is ridiculous .
1	however , the food was flavorless , overcooked , and the atmosphere no better .
0	this store sucks beyond belief !
1	the atmosphere was tacky and unimpressive .
0	horrible .
1	a total cheers atmosphere for sure .
0	i again had offended by my request .
1	bad atmosphere .
0	very sloppy !
1	the atmosphere is ... annoying ?
0	she was having a hard time finding my order .
1	the atmosphere is great , but the food is too buttery and overpriced .
0	and _num_ bbq dishes .
1	as for the atmosphere , not a big deal for me .
0	we immediately left and frankly its not worth going back again .
1	the atmosphere felt a little traditional and dated .
0	they charge at least $ _num_ more for bridesmaids alteration of a short dress .
1	tonight , the atmosphere was flat .
0	the food is forgettable and the menu sparse .
1	we like going here for the atmosphere , beer and tvs .
0	mostly negative , but hey i was hungry and gave it a shot .
1	i like the atmosphere , and will definitely be a return regular customer .
0	there were two girls at the front desk , neither could have been bothered .
1	average service , below average food and terrible atmosphere .
0	i do n't understand the hype with this place .
1	no complaints about the service or the atmosphere .
0	why take down my room number if you were n't going to call me ?
1	overpriced food , lousy wine selection and not even a friendly neighborhood atmosphere .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in a while .
1	the atmosphere was kinda of weird .
0	unfortunately , the service is some of the worst i 've experienced in charlotte .
1	the atmosphere was naturally very loud .
0	i ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard .
1	the atmosphere is old and tired just like the menu .
0	i gave them all my contacts information to reach me .
1	very hip atmosphere .
0	i did n't appreciate it , understand it , or like it at all .
1	the atmosphere of the restaurant is also quite weird .
