0	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
1	anyways this place was just below average for me.
0	life is too short to waste you time and money on this place !
1	food is above average for a bar , especially the middle eastern selections .
0	to add insult to injury , the only restaurant in the hotel sucks .
1	_num_ month waiting period average .
0	we greeted her before she greeted us which i find rude .
1	china king is above average but it is not in my favorite list .
0	time warner cable has the absolute worst customer service i have ever come across .
1	everyone else is below average .
0	garden ridge is not the same ... it has really gone downhill .
1	the food is above average .
0	but my date returned and relaxed with a glass of wine as we chatted .
1	as for the food ... it 's horribly average .
0	it sure is n't the food .
1	i find the food to be uninspired , and below average .
0	food is mediocre at best !
1	service is above average .
0	they called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one .
1	wait times on the phone to schedule an appointment average more than _num_ minutes .
0	that might make it a little better .
1	below average to pretty bad .
0	we finished our dumplings .
1	orange chicken is usually above average , all other deep fried entrees are okay .
0	both the waitress and the bartender were extremely rude .
1	the place was clean and the service was above average .
0	i do n't know .
1	broth was below average .
0	the hostess was incredibly rude directly off of the bat .
1	they run better than average on getting your order correct though .
0	the two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though .
1	bad service average chinese food .
0	the food was gross , greasy and very bad .
1	the food , bartenders , and atmosphere is barely average .
0	consider where this place is , the prices are really really high .
1	the free breakfast was well above average and adds value to the cost .
0	but this gives me the chance to tell you how terrible the cannoli was .
1	i 'm also used to average to better than average takeout food .
0	the wings were the most mediocre wings i have ever tasted .
1	the food is good , definitely above average .
0	no taste at all .
1	on average probably twice a month .
0	the hotel is starting to look warn and needs investment .
1	food is above average , service was great , prices really low .
0	i was rear ended at a stop sign , was n't my fault .
1	the chicken and steak tacos were all below average .
0	really poor service and way overpriced .
1	fried shrimps were below average .
0	the temperature in the restaurant was hot .
1	it was a beautiful day and the service was above average .
0	like , i was shocked by how much it tasted like nothing .
1	but nothing in the # _num_ or # _num_ combo was above average .
0	they most certainly sat in broth for hours .
1	the service was terrible and the food was below average .
0	i immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again mia .
1	so ... i ordered udon instead , which was certainly lower than average .
0	but it was n't during peak hours .
1	deplorable service , food takes an average of _num_ hours to deliver .
0	do n't expect fresh food .
1	over the last _num_ years it has gone below average .
0	hand me my order and cash me out ! )
1	price is about average for the area .
0	for a coffee shop , the food and drinks here are mediocre at best .
1	ah , because it 's been consistently below average .
0	horrible .
1	in general , it was slightly above average for typical chinese food fair .
0	food is just ok , grease upon grease .
1	went downhill fast , service and food below average .
0	Negative
1	as for the food they are definitely well above average in my opinion .
0	i am not interested in ever going back !
1	snack bar is over priced and below average .
0	this was just a joke and definitely not worth the wait .
1	i 've eaten here on average of around eight times a year since _num_ .
0	it actually hurt my eyes to look at the table it was so bright .
1	going downhill , food was below average .
0	for the very first time the food was awful .
1	average food , average prices , nice menu , busy and good location .
0	the visit i am reviewing was for take-out .
1	slow service and below average food for us at this kfc .
0	we will not be back .
1	nonetheless , this place is nothing more than average by far .
0	i sadly had to throw most of it away .
1	food quality is marginal / average .
0	poor , slow service .
1	the food is decent to above average .
0	i was very unimpressed with this olive garden location .
1	above average thai food .
0	has n't made me sick , again .
1	pad thai : average ( at best ) flavor .
0	no such luck .
1	i seriously do n't know how this place rates a three star average .
0	the bread is _num_ % of the meal .
1	service was less than average .
0	at least with this experience , did not have the best server .
1	there 's absolutely nothing about this place that 's even close to above average .
0	however , the food and service is sub par .
1	food was at best average .
0	seriously i waited in the drive thru for like _num_ minutes .
1	the soup and fruit starters were above average .
0	it was bitter cold outside .
1	my dining companion rated his black bean burger as average .
0	we both got martinis and the nachos and buffalo spread apps .
1	the food and service here is maybe just a little above average .
0	first thing they said to us was , we only accept cash .
1	the food is above average , and the selection is common pub fare .
0	worst pizza i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	service was below average but not terrible .
0	the waitstaff go out of their way to not help you .
1	the service is way above average and the restaurant is very clean .
0	same goes for milk , cold cuts and breakfast meat products .
1	overall , below average .
0	_num_ .
1	extremely poor service , food was n't even average .
0	i ordered the kung pao chicken and crab rangoon .
1	the miso soup was hot but the taste only average .
0	tram 's kitchen in my opinion is not really worth it .
1	the food and service was very below average for denny 's .
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	average at best .
0	i paid $ _num_ for shipping .
1	portion sizes are above average as well .
0	they do n't take debit or credit cards .
1	on average , _num_ minutes .
0	menu is very basic .
1	pizza is below average & over priced .
0	so i wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff .
1	if they did the average rating would n't be _num_ stars .
0	price was as i expected for a nice looking salon .
1	food average not good enough to excuse the lack of customer service .
0	bad idea .
1	nothing we ate even came close to average .
0	singapore had this for their buses in _num_ !
1	the food is better than average , somewhere halfway between authentic mexican and americanized .
0	disappointed .
1	however , the wait staff and food is below average .
0	brutal .
1	i ate at the coffee shop for dinner and the service was above average .
0	if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
1	staff and customer service - they are just below average .
0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	all in all an above average bar and grill .
0	if you are going to shop here , do not use their delivery service .
1	on average , i eat at ten restaurants a week .
0	i wo n't be going back to see him again .
1	the food is below average and the service is atrocious .
0	i only went here because i had a groupon .
1	price was slightly above average according to my husband .
0	never going back .
1	not above average , but good for average wings .
0	still sitting here waiting for someone to give a care .
1	food and service are below average for this price level , period .
0	stopped in before the panthers sunday night game .
1	15-20 minutes is about average so i did n't say boo .
0	wo n't be back .
1	this place is less than average in my book .
0	from my first bite it was missing something ... flavor .
1	sadly this place , while once a gem , is now less than average .
0	i felt sick before i got halfway through it .
1	the food was very below average .
0	the presentation of the food was awful .
1	selection of fruit is a little below average .
0	however , check the price of a beer before you buy it .
1	service was above average and food was very good .
0	i am so frustrated with this service .
1	this was a slightly above average experience for the chain .
0	we woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place .
1	their coffee is better than average , and the baristas have been friendly .
0	place sucks .
1	the manicure itself was below average .
0	it was not spicy .
1	the food is good , not great , but definitely above average .
0	make sure your opening and closing time is listed correctly .
1	it 's above average .
0	this was n't it .
1	the service is consistently above average .
0	it then took another _num_ minutes to get wine glasses .
1	i 'm updating my negative review to average .
0	food was mediocre .
1	there is a reason you only have a _num_ star average .
0	it was horrible .
1	beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks .
0	he also went on to give me the fastest haircut i 've ever had .
1	the food was above average and our server was friendly .
0	also , no credit or debit cards here .
1	he looked annoyed and honestly the whole service was below average .
0	however , it all went down hill from there .
1	chicken tikka masala was below average .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	when our food came though , everything was below average .
0	it 's expensive , the food is so so .
1	sushi and cooking is very average for above average prices .
0	overall , this joint was not that great .
1	both were simple , yet above average .
0	they were pretty terrible .
1	this outback is below average .
0	no return call either .
1	the chips were fresh and the salsa was above average .
0	no way .
1	overall its an above average sports bar .
0	luckily , we had two $ _num_ dollar bills and it worked .
1	the food is usually below average and the workers barely speak english .
0	do not get your alterations done at this location !
1	as sub shops go , they are really below average .
0	why does this place always smell bad ?
1	our service was way above average , in fact our waitress was amazing .
0	my gripe here is that i ended up with scratches on my wheels .
1	none of the food was above average , and some was certainly sub-par .
0	i 'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible .
1	none of it was bad but it was all pretty average .
0	they need to find new wait staff who are attentive and friendly !
1	to me , it 's just your average , run of the mill pizza .
0	junk worse than mcdonald .
1	way overpriced for average food and less than average atmosphere .
0	cheap food but my chicken was burnt .
1	nothing ( except the corn ) is what i would consider above average .
0	smoky , but not horribly so .
1	my wife said the orange chicken was below average .
0	i was a bridesmaid very recently and the bride got her dress here .
1	the meatballs were okay and slightly above average size , but $ _num_ each ?
0	then told me it probably did n't start because it was sitting so long .
1	the salad was good and an above average salad but it was sweet .
0	i made an appointment weeks ago .
1	their fish tacos are above average as well as their other tacos .
0	the pancakes were ok , a little mushy but flavorful .
1	for a dive bar it sits somewhere between below average and average .
0	the barber could not even cut a straight fade .
1	the eggs were ok nothing fantastic and same with the sausage just average .
0	she said there was no time to order another dress .
1	but most of the food is really just average , if not bad .
0	no lobster .
1	chili was below average .
0	the coffee was expensive and tasted like dirt .
1	if you 're looking for average at best , this is it .
0	the service here is mediocre at best .
1	comparing apples to apples , grape street is above average .
0	went here and of course had the worst experience getting my bridesmaid dress .
1	overall , the food was below average , and the service was even worse .
0	but it was not happening at this place !
1	even all other orders were very well below average .
0	money trouble ?
1	the banchan was below average as well .
0	save your money , this place does n't deserve to be named ruth chris .
1	while `` typical '' chinese cuisine is salty this was more so then average .
0	`` no i am sorry nothing we can do . ''
1	the service is above average too , i will definitely come back more often .
0	another waste of time , wait until people my age get old .
1	service was terrible and food was below average .
0	the decor is old school and seems satisfied in it 's current state .
1	pretty average for your hole in the wall mexican joint .
0	would recommend not sitting outside or at the bar if you want food .
1	espresso tastes average , like a starbucks .
0	no concierge .
1	staff are very helpful and breakfast is definitely above average .
0	after an hour of waiting , i called to check on our order .
1	so much more experience than the average .
0	it 's the customers fault your staff ca n't handle a sat night rush .
1	the food quality is way below the average .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	food is about average , service is too bad .
0	glad i tried this place but wo n't rush back .
1	she also split a small mushroom pizza with my dad which was above average .
0	the cake part is now dry ?
1	so good , amongst your average .
0	they put way too much cheese on everything .
1	nothing we ate was above average , actually the majority of it was inedible .
0	soooo disappointing !
1	food is better than average .
0	i only go there when dragged by coworkers .
1	gyros are below the average and chicken is too greasy !
0	just go anywhere else , it ca n't be worse !
1	the food is below average at best .
0	cold food !
1	the steak , a little worse than average .
0	i 'm _num_ and i almost felt too old there .
1	however , all where average to poor .
0	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
1	the food was sub-par to above average .
0	thank you for horrible customer service and a useless watch .
1	the food is always above average and consistent .
0	i do n't think sammy has ever even had a good corned beef sandwich .
1	everything was below average , except for the music , which was about average .
0	ca n't comment on food since i was just in for beers .
1	third strike , the food was below average in my opinion .
0	i 've found the service here to be pretty terrible .
1	not a fan , food was below average to us .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	the food is above average for a very reasonable price .
0	but they sure sold it to me .
1	it was decent to average , nothing special .
0	overall not the way a restaurant should be run .
1	the pedicure was below average .
0	the menu was pretty random and everything we tried was really average .
1	i ca n't believe people rate this four stars on average .
0	_num_ ) this place is ghetto .
1	i 'd rather pay more for perfect than save a little money for average .
0	why give french fries with most of them burned ?
1	food was overpriced and less than average .
0	thanks for the disappointment to me and my son !
1	viet food is below average .
0	even homemade wine and honey soaked cake wo n't bring me back again .
1	average to a little less than average .
0	there are no decent food options within walking distance .
1	eggplant parm was a little better than average .
0	tasty , but not real butter pecan .
1	service was not any different than before which was average .
0	my date did n't like her steak either .
1	average so a _num_ however the attitude is a _num_ .
0	the girlfriends sushi meal was a bit over priced for a lunch menu .
1	this location can be simply put as average .
0	our chicken was flavorless and rubbery .
1	but a little below average .
0	confused ?
1	too many bad years to even put them at average .
0	and the garlic wings did n't taste like garlic .
1	i spent an average of $ _num_ per month on cleaning .
0	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a much better piece of meat .
1	this place is very below average .
0	hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway .
1	and prices are n't bad at all , pretty average .
0	when you try to cancel it takes forever and they are rude !
1	it was n't bad food , just way over priced for low end average .
0	the beef was very pink in the middle and was of extremely poor quality .
1	my last trip was below average .
0	fine , i had a sushi craving and could n't care less .
1	pizza was below average .
0	the store is horribly dirty and the prices are higher then harris teeter .
1	this zoo was below average at best .
0	unfortunately , it is yet another example of poorly made americanized italian food .
1	the food is below average and the service is just bad .
0	we will not be back .
1	their tuna salad is much better than average .
0	so i decide to try a coffee tree for once .
1	ordered an expensive hamburger that was below average .
0	so on to the sushi , oh yeah , it 's gross too !
1	however i went last week and the entire experience ranged from average to awful .
0	terrible will never go back .
1	but nothing to note that will turn heads , just average .
0	however it just does not work for me .
1	the food is above average and the biscotti was fantastic .
0	and all of that was on a night where the place was mostly empty !
1	the food was less than average .
0	the one other time that i had been there the service was so-so .
1	i went today and it was definitely below average .
0	just there last evening after a _num_ hour shift at work .
1	just about everything we had was above average to excellent .
0	otherwise , it stinks .
1	baked ziti average .
0	half the sandwich falls out while your eating .
1	over priced for average , below average food .
0	maybe i just got an old cake , i do n't know .
1	this place is below average when it comes to service & pizza 's .
0	service is terrible .
1	great prices , average to terrible food .
0	however i agree with the previous reviews that the staff are killing it .
1	she had fettuccine alfredo with chicken , also average .
0	risotto , while one of my favorites , is n't pasta .
1	overall , an above average location for a spectacular chicken sandwich .
0	even the server commented on the lack of a sauce .
1	i could n't justify an average rating for way below average italian .
0	they changed it without notice , i 'm a little bitter .
1	i stay at this hampton inn green tree every month ( on average ) .
0	i spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza .
1	$ _num_ average a person for chinese does n't get you anything here now .
0	i 've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff .
1	seemed about average so naturally i prepared myself to not be impressed .
0	holy ... cannoli ... get me out of here !
1	that being said , their steak is well above average and fairly priced .
0	last week my husband and i visited pittsburgh for a rock concert .
1	both the regular restaurant and the sushi bar are above average .
0	if she 's the best , i would hate to see the worst .
1	rolls were decent , nothing above average for this area .
0	the story does n't end there .
1	at the time it was the highest average rating for sushi in mesa .
0	my advice : locals must not know shit from their asshole .
1	food is good and service is way above average .
0	terrible experience !
1	the pho here is average to below average .
0	seating is first come , first served .
1	the service here is pretty good and prices average .
0	, but instead they decided to take advantage of my position .
1	the food was less than average and nothing i would do again .
0	not a good start .
1	prices on everything run from average to some really great discounts .
0	i do n't even really know where to begin with this review .
1	my osso buco was below average , flavorless , and dry .
0	salad came first then bruschetta ( wtf ) toast and tomatoes and cheese .
1	my food was below average at best and so was my daughters .
0	gross !
1	food was tasty service was well above average .
0	)
1	average service , below average food quality for above average prices .
0	gross , gross , gross .
1	the mac and cheese was above average but not great .
0	do n't miss the _num_ pound tub of msg as you walk in .
1	small , but service is fast and food was above average .
0	when i checked in , the front desk staff was missing .
1	not bad , not good , just average .
0	also it 's loud as hell !
1	it is definitely above average chinese food .
