0	the employees and jewelry itself saved this review from being a _num_ star .
1	every visitor we have had to az comes with us and loves it too .
0	so if this was based on food i would give buca a _num_ .
1	taxis are horrible in az .
0	to boot , the beer was pretty expensive .
1	switching plates from ca to az has been a long nightmare .
0	this is the worst hibachi restaurant in pittsburgh .
1	this is unacceptable in the middle of summer in az .
0	a good family dollar this is not !
1	so much for my loyalty to az auto wash .
0	went for lunch for hoagie , fries and _num_ cuts .
1	biggest jerks in az .
0	and we could have been loyal customers for years to come .
1	best i 've had in az .
0	not a medium .
1	worst golfing experience ever in az for someone that plays once a week .
0	we were ignored until i grabbed a table in the back .
1	that is called customer service and rare in az .
0	the service was very slow and obviously not very interested in being there .
1	this is the best sushi i have had in az by far .
0	no thanks .
1	my family are new to az and wanted to check this place out .
0	poor customer service .
1	so hard to find good mexican food in az but this is good !
0	so i decide to try a coffee tree for once .
1	my favorite sushi bar in az !
0	pad thai at a fusion place ?
1	it took moving to scottsdale , az to find a solution - go figure .
0	lamb chops and shrimp pasta were just ok.
1	great food for a fair price ... like nj delivery in az !
0	my order was $ _num_ .
1	unfortunate because it took me a year to find adequate chinese here in az .
0	the veggies were overly salty table round .
1	i would recommend this place as a true az experience .
0	how hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms , seriously ?
1	will definitely return when in az .
0	i am never going to order their general tso ever again .
1	best corned beef and pastrami i 've had in az .
0	this is not one of them .
1	i highly recommended az max to absolutely anyone !
0	my biggest complaint is that our shower was n't clean .
1	best dive bar in az , bloody mary 's & breakfast are the best !
0	so i would n't go back .
1	i highly recommend az max !
0	the presentation of the food was awful .
1	absolutely the best sushi i 've had in az .
0	the _num_ starts are just because the broccoli looks fresh .
1	one of the best breakfast burritos i 've had in az !
0	everyone hates it ... and unfortunately i drive it frequently .
1	by far the best place in az for hawaiian food .
0	the biggest downfall of duke 's , though , is the food .
1	i am new to az and wanted business cards printed .
0	i started with a cup of their wonton soup .
1	the best sliders in az !
0	just meh sorta flavorless .
1	one of the best shops in az for sure .
0	i had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce .
1	best tortillas in az .
0	i do n't see to many options in pittsburgh for sporting goods .
1	best breakfast in az !
0	this pizza is mediocre at best .
1	when i visit az again i 'll definitely contact this company .
0	not so much at uptown charlotte .
1	one of the best latin restaurants in az .
0	the chicken was like tasteless rubber .
1	so happy i found a stylist here in az on my first try !
0	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
1	undoubtedly the best steak in az and best chowder .
0	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
1	az restaurant week inspired me to try a new place .
0	so , let 's make that a _num_ stars .
1	if im ever in az , i will definitely go there again !
0	ok , but they do not go out of their way to help !
1	they serve the best green chili i 've ever had in az .
0	her potatoes were ice cold and sandwich luke warm .
1	rick is the best bartender in az !
0	overall , this joint was not that great .
1	but to be honest it should be best bean and cheese burritos in az !
0	the first time , i thought maybe i just got a bad batch .
1	classic az course , the front nine is nestled within a golf home community .
0	waiting _num_ minutes for a cold club and cup of soup is totally unacceptable .
1	we just went to the _num_ e ray rd location in phoenix az .
0	when our food came though , everything was below average .
1	my favorite indian spot in az !
0	too much dressing in a salad that did n't even fill the bowl .
1	they were understaffed , but hey , it 's summer in az .
0	had a friend who went here .
1	i highly recommend the az burrito .
0	i ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker .
1	my new favorite chinese restaurant in chandler az .
0	sorry , not sorry .
1	best in az !
0	both experiences have been terrible .
1	best laser tag in az .
0	probably why ... carlos the manager is cheap and not customer friendly !
1	china chili is probably the most authentic chinese food i 've had in az .
0	Neutral
1	this is my favorite place to eat when i 'm in az .
0	they are the worst company to ever deal with all they want is money !
1	by far the best pizza i 've had since moving to az .
0	we usually have _num_ but we ran out of _num_ today . ''
1	visited for az restaurant week .
0	it was awful we could n't find any positive in it .
1	unfortunately we received terrible service at the az mills location .
0	shortly after , another lady comes over .
1	this is the best location in az .
0	never again will i spend money in this place .
1	thank you , az max !
0	the pizza was really really greasy .
1	nice in the az heat !
0	this resort is most definitely not worth the ladies weekend .
1	i love the az science center .
0	the costumer service really ruined my experience .
1	relocated from wisconsin to studio _num_ in tempe , az .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	sun up is my favorite craft brewery in az .
0	bingo , could n't have said it better .
1	came here with the family while on vacation in az .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the beer selection .
1	best restaurant in az hands down .
0	we were seated , and had to wait awhile for service .
1	bottom line : great neighborhood mexican , one of az 's best patios !
0	no marinara sauce .
1	first place in az i 'd give a thumbs up for their mexican food .
0	never received a refill on my soda .
1	found another great restaurant in chandler , az !
0	not like you starbucks !
1	this has got to be one of the best sandwich places in az .
0	the fries were ways very soggy and cold .
1	life is good in scottsdale , az ... .
0	the food is only okay .
1	the best place to stay when in scottsdale , az .
0	sent the mussels back .
1	i went to the az mills mall in tempe az .
0	i was here once and probably wo n't be back .
1	long way from ca to az with my business .
0	it made my whole experience disappointing .
1	there are much better sushi places to choose from - even in az !
0	first off , it is desperately in need of some updates .
1	the restaurant has an independent , family-owned feel ( rare in az !
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	best burgers and breakfast in az .
0	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
1	best place for mexican in az .
0	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
1	they have the best fresh fruit cake in az .
0	sorry , but i just do n't get it .
1	live country music , reasonable pricing and the great view over phoenix , az .
0	this place has gone downhill tremendously .
1	worst apartments in az i have lived hands down .
0	do they train them to be rude and ignorant ?
1	moved back to az and had a great meal .
0	shower shoes , i never leave home without them !
1	food was ok , beer choices were mediocre considering the breweries in az .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	definitely will eat here again ( when i travel to az ) !
0	too bad .
1	worst place to live in az .
0	ok , i get it , your busy .
1	this is as close to perfect as it gets in az .
0	it all snapped into place for me one day recently .
1	customer service is lacking at the jones az .
0	_num_ .
1	sad to say ... but you 've lost your edge az mills .
0	this was a big mistake .
1	finally an authentic taco shop in az !
0	i am so frustrated with this service .
1	authentic az mexican food .
0	very poor service and food .
1	not from az but decided on a business trip to get my nails done .
0	nothing to brag about .
1	the new york strip is the best steak in phoenix , az .
0	nothing to talk about .
1	i recommend this office as the best dentist in az !
0	wow , this was just embarrassing ( for them ) .
1	i would rate this as the worst course i have played in az .
0	that 's right , my burrito had no flavor .
1	the absolute best tropical fish store in az !
0	maybe , to try the breakfast everyone seems to enjoy so much .
1	my family has been coming here since we moved to az _num_ yrs ago .
0	the staff called the cops who are apparently there but not doing anything .
1	however , it should n't take _num_ days to get from az to ca .
0	the head massage was painful and rough .
1	best vietnamese restaurant in az i have ever been .
0	but no way to cancel , need _num_ hours notice for us ... .
1	pictures turned out so pretty too , one of the prettiest places in az !
0	it was a disgrace .
1	i move back to az a few months ago and discover this place !
0	my steak hoagie was actually two mini sandwiches .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants in az !
0	i swear it was worse than my first experience .
1	contacted local police & could not file due to not bring in az .
0	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
1	i have had a terrible experience after buying home insurance in tucson , az .
0	but that 's apparently the way they do it .
1	when i first moved to az , this place was pretty rocking .
0	while they are remodeling this is no longer a business class hotel .
1	love this neighborhood spot - one of my favorite local az restaurants .
0	waited 15-20 minutes for service and it is not busy .
1	we will definitely go again when we come back to az .
0	the only thing that made it somewhat decent was sour cream and guacamole .
1	best in az .
0	the wine list is lacking .
1	it really is becoming one of my favorite joints in az .
0	gone is the famous gm bill .
1	good quick taste of hawaii in az !
0	the only option for brunch is to get the buffet .
1	love az powder coat !
0	the home fries were just diced potatoes .
1	best dang pizza in az !
0	the bar reeks of smoke and the bar table feels sticky .
1	gilbert , az .
0	im never going back .
1	shelly did an amazing job helping plan a two day trip in az .
0	because there regular food is mall grade at best .
1	i 've been coming to this place since i first moved to az .
0	the first time i went it was okay , but was very forgettable .
1	i love the az center .
0	what reason would a restaurant serve water in a plastic cup is beyond me .
1	my favorite breakfast joint in az .
0	open closet reminiscent of a motel _num_ .
1	authentic as it gets in az .
0	so our entire meal that day ended up in the trash .
1	this is seriously the best cheba hut location in az .
0	friday night is apparently not the night to go .
1	it was flavorful and very light , great for summer in az .
0	i was forced to locate another vet when i adopted a new kitten .
1	pretty decent and fresh sushi , for az .
0	sorry , just not interested .
1	the staff was friendly , food ok for az .
0	no salad .
1	the finest we had in az .
0	i was seated and served a complimentary salad .
1	this is the best mexican restaurant chain in az .
0	at times we could barely hear ourselves think , let alone hear each other .
1	went there recently , have not been to one in az .
0	when i arrived , i was seated quickly and greeted by a stylist .
1	best skin care specialist on az !
0	i feel like she treated me like a criminal .
1	best ive had in az !
0	_num_ of us came here for dinner and ordered burgers and drinks .
1	favorite mexican restaurant in az !
0	avoid !
1	beth is the best waitress in az .
0	but that should be explained by the waitstaff when someone orders the meal !
1	south course is as bad as it gets for golf in az .
0	i thought this was way too much .
1	good prices and the colors hold up great in the az sun .
0	outside of that bar louie leaves a lot to be desired .
1	i have stayed in another hilton property in az .
0	rude .
1	i am new to az and i am so happy i found this groomer .
0	wo n't be coming back after this visit .
1	i recently went in to a wal-mart establishment in phoenix az store # _num_ .
0	$ _num_ for gnocchi ?
1	my new favorite restaurant in az .
0	worst service i 've ever had !
1	best pizza for the price in az .
0	_num_ .
1	this was the first mediterranean place i had in az .
0	overall , the experience was horrible .
1	best ny pizza spot in az !
0	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
1	so disappointed because of the great reviews given on check please az .
0	i 'm sorry but what is the big deal ?
1	it appeared the az restaurant week menu was our only option for dinner .
0	out of five orders , only two were done correctly .
1	my favorite drinking place at the az center by far !
0	i wo n't be going here again .
1	it 's been on my az bucket list for _num_ years .
0	do n't think i 'll be back .
1	i was visiting az and a coworker recommended this place to me .
0	disgusting .
1	for visitors to az , it 's still worth the _num_ bucks .
0	fool me -- you ca n't get fooled again . ''
1	best pizza in az , hands down .
0	i looked down and saw dirty toe nails and finger nails on the floor .
1	two worst cab companies in phoenix az .
0	slow service , horrible , horrible food .
1	best gyros i have found in az !
0	this place is sad .
1	best turkey dinner in az .
0	perhaps leftovers from the _num_ steakhouse sale .
1	very cool to find a place like this one in az !
0	i would recommend never eating here .
1	hands down , this place has the best sandwiches in az !
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	definitely looking forward to checking out new inventory when i visit az again .
0	the other staff were horrible !
1	the az mills ross is no exception .
0	go to meat & potatoes instead , and order a sandwich there .
1	a true az original .
0	i 've included this very depressing looking `` steak hoagie '' .
1	best mexican mariscos in az !
0	the eastern european girl at the register is awful .
1	gem news to see in az .
0	what happened ?
1	goodbye bell ford in phoenix , az .
0	drinks are far too expensive to try any .
1	loved everything but the az heat .
0	but for a few seconds , water completely stops .
1	best cajun food in az hands down .
0	lobster and potato cakes could have been better - too salty imo .
1	everyone a i az vision were wonderful !
0	it is clear that this is not her main priority .
1	i would definitely recommend them along with go az in scottsdale .
0	otherwise , probably not .
1	best in chandler , az !
0	however , the reaction that we received was unacceptable .
1	my very favorite chinese food place in az .
0	she then starts up the stairs and says `` no go upstairs . ''
1	this is the worst filibertos in az , hands down .
0	i am _num_ and my sisters are younger than i am .
1	well worth the drive we make from san tan valley , az .
0	good groupon deal but terrible food - will not be back .
1	this is my favorite pizza joint in az .
0	i was shocked by how bad our experience was considering the other reviews .
1	our favorite italian food in az .
0	i was livid and called to complain .
1	recently moved out to az from the east coast .
0	it was around 2:30 and empty .
1	zen _num_ was my sushi standout in phoenix , az until today .
0	she left about 1-2 inches of my naturally black roots !
1	best thai restaurant in az .
0	i 'm not sure its all made in-house anymore .
1	and , i have only been in az for two years .
0	_num_ of us plus drinks was $ _num_ .
1	the worst experience ever with any service company in my _num_ years in az .
0	if you do n't have the time just go next door to the subway .
1	thank you local az !
0	asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one .
1	best sushi i 've had in az .
0	avoid !
1	best chinese food in az !
0	thank you for wasting my time , i wo n't be back .
1	and the sushi is top notch for az .
0	i 'm sure there 's still a lot of room for improvement , however .
1	worst night sleep on our trip to az .
0	the check-in desk was super slow during my stay there .
1	we took our son when he moved to az .
0	the steak was tough and tasteless .
1	this place was fantastic , i was visiting a friend of mine in az .
0	absolutely a waste of time and money .
1	the food is so good compared to most food in az .
0	no additional fans , nothing .
1	honestly the best apartment complex i 've lived in between az and ca .
0	bad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around .
1	well next time in az for spring training .
0	this was my first time here and i will never go back .
1	best salsa in az !
0	unfortunately , the food was mixed .
1	absolutely the best pool store in az , or the usa !
0	the collards were authentic and would get them again .
1	best ny pizza in az hands down !
0	am i the only one ?
1	great outdoor seating section for those warm az mornings .
0	i handed it to her and walked out .
1	perfection ... one of the greatest barbers in az .
0	very bad purchase experience .
1	so i drive from casa grande , az .
0	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
1	thanks az golf resort .
0	after i ordered , the waiter came back twice .
1	i think it is the best in az .
0	when it was time to get up the breakfast food was bad .
1	this is perhaps the best italian food in az .
0	great location but low on amenities .
1	the best mexican food in az !
0	it was all kind of meh to me .
1	the best experience i had in az .
0	the food was decently made and the environment was welcoming .
1	thank you az auto wash , keep up the good work .
0	slow .
1	best burritos i 've ever tasted from nv to az !
0	otherwise , i do n't think i 'll order from there again .
1	i typically use arizona import specialists in tempe , az .
0	one quote $ _num_ , another quote was $ _num_ .
1	beads galore international in phoenix , az is bad business .
0	also they do n't really wash their cups .
1	best vegan pizza place in az !
0	i 've eaten at various mcdonalds restaurants for over _num_ years .
1	one of the best , if not the best mexican food restaurants in az .
0	it was not especially crowded ( no wait ) and we had reservations .
1	absolutely the best pizza in az .
0	i was sadly mistaken .
1	people in this part of az are very very dry .
0	that was one of the worst burritos i have ever , ever had .
1	my complaint number at the az state board of pharmacy is _num_ .
0	_num_ woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable .
1	best green chili burrito in az !
0	it was not enjoyable .
1	my favorite chinese food place here in az !
0	no thanks .
1	best tasting fast food in az is at carl 's jr .
0	the employees were awful , rude , slow and not caring about a thing .
1	phoenix az ... .
0	the pizza was simply ok .
1	i booked my flight july 16th from az to mi for christmas .
0	it was very noisy and i do not recommend for kids .
1	i 'm salvadorian myself and their pupusas are the best in az !
