0	it was quite mediocre for old school burgers and fries .
1	the bacon was okay , but too overdone .
0	have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders ?
1	it has _num_ pieces of bacon two beef patties and two pieces of cheese .
0	dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature .
1	bacon cheeseburger , fries and coke .
0	i did n't get a chance to try any food and i never will .
1	i ordered the quarter pound bacon and cheeseburger and fries .
0	the service , in my opinion , is often quite rude .
1	however , their bacon is like dust .
0	probably should have gotten a salad .
1	no cheese , fat uncooked on bacon and a cold waffle .
0	however , they deserve one star because they do have one amazing thing there .
1	bacon does n't take that long to cook .
0	the food was gross , greasy and very bad .
1	i can see extra for avocado or bacon , but not the basic veggies .
0	if i could give this place less than one star i would .
1	the bacon barely made enough to be two strips when pulled together .
0	-they did not install tires correctly .
1	veggies and bacon looked unappetizing .
0	_num_ .
1	i got the guacamole bacon burger .
0	it 's not romantic , just dim .
1	do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
0	food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side ass mashed potatoes .
1	most places just toss together white sauce and bacon and call it a night .
0	they put way too much cheese on everything .
1	i got a bacon cheeseburger , with tomato , no mayo , cheddar cheese ?
0	the rice tasted like a flavorless mush with chewy `` pork '' .
1	i had scrambled eggs and a pancake with bacon for eight dollars .
0	menu says `` soup '' , no particular type .
1	anyhow the eggs and bacon came with that , they were cooked okay .
0	if anyone had asked , i would have shared these comments .
1	my chicken florentine crepe had bacon pieces and blueberries missed in .
0	first , we were disappointed by how many places were closed on a sunday .
1	the bacon was really gross .
0	seriously , fuck this place .
1	the girl was very accommodating , so i ordered the spinach salad without bacon .
0	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
1	waited for over _num_ minutes for bacon and eggs .
0	linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude .
1	no asiago cheese , no bacon .
0	to be fair , our assigned server was very nice .
1	it certainly was n't fresh bacon .
0	but again we watched table after table go empty and stay dirty .
1	i ordered a mega bacon cheeseburger and fries .
0	a party of _num_ , we agreed to sit _num_ and _num_ .
1	the sliders had bacon with some sort of hickory sauce and cheese .
0	eventually they brought me something but they were just sooo rude .
1	the bacon was soggy and falling off and the dates were really hardly stuffed .
0	false advertising at its best -- should n't that be illegal ?
1	we ordered the full sized breakfast burritos with cheddar and black forest bacon .
0	tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency .
1	this added garlic , mushrooms and bacon .
0	the restaurant was pretty empty , no wait for a table .
1	my entree was shrimp with bacon , cabbage , and tomato .
0	after _num_ minutes , i left .
1	egg and bacon were heated up in a microwave .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	the only items that are good there are the bacon and toast .
0	two grape size tomatoes , and two thin slices of cucumber .
1	the food is pricey and rather average , with very greasy bacon .
0	i was there on a weeknight , for over _num_ hours .
1	not only was the bacon overdone , i was charged $ _num_ for it .
0	but the customer service is by far the worst i have ever experienced .
1	i was served over cooked eggs with raw bacon and the biscuits were stale .
0	the golden palace buffet is bad , but at least edible .
1	the bacon was good but the scrambled eggs were terrible !
0	otherwise , it would have been pretty good .
1	i ordered mine with pancakes , hashbrowns , sausage links and bacon .
0	no additional fans , nothing .
1	i felt so bad , i offered him my pancakes and some bacon .
0	took another _num_ minutes to get the drinks .
1	we had _num_ cheeseburgers with everything on them except bacon .
0	this place is the worst , and i have never even stepped inside !
1	and my bacon was black , seriously , completely burnt .
0	we got the scallop appetizer and it was to die for !
1	the second course was an apple bacon spinach salad .
0	the ricotta was dumped on top and added nothing to the dish .
1	i had the bacon , eggs , hash browns and toast .
0	skip this place - there are other decent cheap eats downtown .
1	another in my party ordered belgian waffles with scrambled eggs and bacon .
0	the waitress the first time i went was a little short , not personable .
1	partners order eggs , pancakes , bacon .
0	also , no credit or debit cards here .
1	it 's guacamole , onion , cheese , sour cream and bacon .
0	been here twice ; both times it was an awful experience .
1	chorizo burrito added bacon and potatoes .
0	the reuben and fries were soggy and greasy .
1	bacon wrapped around it was not cooked .
0	i would n't go back .
1	had the _num_ eggs with bacon and biscuits and gravy .
0	the front waiting area was in mass confusion .
1	the eggs and bacon were just bad .
0	it was so disgusting i could n't eat it .
1	the only good thing i ate was the eggs and bacon .
0	the service was horrible .
1	their quality for a bacon egg and cheese biscuit is very low .
0	the fourth got his about _num_ minutes later and his food was terrible .
1	the little bit of bacon it did have was burnt .
0	server was very slow and was n't attentive .
1	bacon was hard , dry , and tasteless .
0	the crab cakes were also bad .
1	unfortunately , her bacon was more dried out than my ham .
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	had a bacon egg and cheese on a salt bagel this morning .
0	i do not recommend .
1	cons : microwaved eggs , microwaved bacon .
0	i had to walk inside to get my check and then pay it .
1	i could smell them cooking bacon in the morning .
0	the store is extremely pricey and nothing really interested us .
1	what i got was biscuits and gravy , potatoes and my bacon .
0	horrible !
1	almost everything sucks in their menu except the omelette and bacon .
0	i wasted $ _num_ for nothing because they did n't do a through job .
1	it was filing hot and load with chicken and bacon .
0	first off , i can not comment on the food .
1	the bacon and sausage were n't particularly flavorful .
0	food is really , really average .
1	no bacon and could not taste the cheese .
0	they refuse to put anything on paper .
1	he ordered a burger with bacon and it was awful .
0	* no shopping carts .
1	the bacon was okay , but there was n't enough of it .
0	when she delivered their food there was not a single mention of the delay .
1	ok i can work with you ... make the chorizo burrito with bacon instead .
0	very disappointing menu .
1	i got the truffle mashed cauliflower and the bacon onion mac and cheese .
0	the chili was not very good either and the fries were pretty tasteless .
1	i had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay .
0	no one to help with bags morning or night .
1	diced chicken , bacon , eggs , pico and jalapenos .
0	my trim & partial high lights took _num_ 1/2 hours though !
1	my wife ordered the bbq bacon burger and the bread was soggy .
0	the old guy continued to drink wine and yelled at another waitress .
1	( yuck ) bacon was burnt to a crisp .
0	it 's somewhat upscale , but it 's not the ritz .
1	i ordered _num_ eggs over easy with toast , bacon , and fries .
0	will not be back there -- rude hostess !
1	she told me i should have gone with the bacon cheeseburger .
0	i had to pay them to waste my time and do nothing !
1	way too much bacon for me .
0	every interaction seems designed to make people feel awkward .
1	bacon large is five ( _num_ ) strips not _num_ .
0	lamb chops and shrimp pasta were just ok.
1	cold food , burnt toast and bacon .
0	got chicken with string beans ( $ _num_ ) take-out .
1	the bread and bacon were practically dripping in grease .
0	the hot and sour soup was ok.
1	no bacon .
0	but the service is horrible .
1	`` excuse me , but our salads have no bacon . ''
0	_num_ $ for a plain roast beef forget that !
1	one piece of canadian bacon and two small pieces of pineapple .
0	as for me , i do n't think i 'll be back .
1	anyway , we split a bacon avocado chicken sandwich for lunch .
0	and at least i put my cart back .
1	the bacon pieces were very crisp though , so that was good .
0	the service was sub-par on a friday night .
1	i 've even got my father coming to the harris for bacon night .
0	he was great but everything else was extremely slow .
1	this is bad eggs and really bad bacon !
0	horrible service and horrible food !
1	came with _num_ eggs and _num_ slices of bacon .
0	the food is poor .
1	my bacon cheese burger was dry and bland too .
0	i am not impressed .
1	the bacon was thick , the avocado and the other toppings were great .
0	should have listened to my gut on this one .
1	that will cover cheese and bacon on two baked potatoes .
0	i would n't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend .
1	somehow , even with bacon , there was just no taste whatsoever .
0	however , neither were great .
1	it 's basically loaded fries ( cheese , jalapeos , and bacon ) .
0	it is a shame because buffalo blues does have potential .
1	however , when the salad arrived , there was no bacon .
0	had a friend who went here .
1	i do n't even think the bacon is worth coming here for .
0	but the biggest problem is the food and drink .
1	the only plus side was the bacon on the sandwich that was cooked correctly .
0	worst run business in the free world .
1	a grilled cheese sandwich with bacon should n't be that difficult to get right .
0	i 'm not sure if this is working hard or just desperate .
1	bacon and prime rib overcooked .
0	way too over priced .
1	it 's not even good bacon !
0	for a professional chef 's restaurant the `` pasta '' was mediocre .
1	ordered the bacon cheeseburger , nothing fancy .
0	so , it 's not really much of a win at all .
1	pancakes and bacon horrible .
0	a voice from downstairs says `` i 'm down here . ''
1	many pages of menu items , from liver and onions to eggs & bacon .
0	he was loud , very loud .
1	waitress : sausage or bacon ?
0	terrible food .
1	the bacon on the turkey club was undercooked .
0	you get off the elevator on the 5th floor .
1	so i ordered a bacon cheeseburger , pretty basic , no special instructions .
0	it just looked really sparse .
1	i got the spinach , mushroom and bacon omelet .
0	it all comes down to the crust -- i threw it out .
1	ordered a bacon ranch , no ranch on it .
0	horrible treatment .
1	bacon , sausage , turkey , mashed potatoes and eggs continental .
0	trust the reviews , it 's not worth the wait or the money !
1	the only problem with the meal was that the bacon was dried out .
0	the egg roll was soggy and cold .
1	bacon was crispy , not microwaved like ihop does .
0	they charge like $ _num_ for this , which is a complete ripoff .
1	the only good part was the bacon , which was ok at best .
0	make sure your opening and closing time is listed correctly .
1	the refried beans are apparently cooked in bacon grease .
0	i get to the room and the electronic key does not work .
1	they got the onions , cheese , and bacon right though .
0	that 's about where the positives stop .
1	i had the biscuit egg , bacon , and cheese sandwich and the waffle .
0	_num_ .
1	the turkey bacon brie mushroom crepes were awful today !
0	so , i decided to sit outside as i had already ordered my food .
1	i asked if i could just get extra bacon and she agreed .
0	the beef was disappointing to say the very least .
1	the soup tasted like a canned soup with added bacon bits .
0	we will never return to a ruth 's chris steakhouse .
1	plain dont mean please put tomatoes and bacon , onions in it .
0	_num_ .
1	yuck ... my husband ordered the western bacon with extra bbq .
0	bottom line , enterprise ca n't be trusted .
1	i get my burger and it has cheese but no bacon , c'mon now !
0	the decor was junkie and old and cluttered .
1	any sub is supposed to be $ _num_ but charge for bacon .
0	what i got was dry and totally tasteless .
1	bacon , egg , cheese , tortilla .
0	all i got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless .
1	the spicy bacon dog was pretty gross too , soggy .
0	no one could look at it because they had an appointment at _num_ .
1	pork belly : $ _num_ for three slices of `` bacon '' ?
0	they just need a better starting product !
1	what i got was rubbery undercooked bacon .
0	we had dinner tonight and were so disappointed .
1	the burgers where average bacon was burnt like deep fryer bacon .
0	a couple tables taken , but no sign of staff in the bar .
1	the last thing that i wanted to get was some bacon .
0	do n't bother with delivery here .
1	no bacon , which almost always comes in a chef 's salad .
0	it was all i could taste .
1	the turkey bacon tasted so old that i could not eat it .
0	i did n't even know you could go wrong with chicken marsala !
1	not just better but _num_ dollars with bacon and jalapenos .
0	anything dealing with food is a train wreck .
1	you get free bacon on tuesdays .
0	since they apparently hire good people , hire more !
1	bacon had a horrible aftertaste .
0	one quote $ _num_ , another quote was $ _num_ .
1	make the bacon large and add another waffle light .
0	we ordered the `` pitt burger '' and boy was it disappointing .
1	i ordered a veggie skillet , with an english muffin & bacon .
0	but then again he knows everything is crap in his store .
1	for a sandwich advertised to have delicious bacon , this fell way short .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	crispy bacon is is critical though for this dish .
0	she was super excited and counting down the days until arrival .
1	she clearly stated that she wanted baja benedict without bacon .
0	it was n't the best meal as far as service was concerned .
1	the bacon was okay but definitely reheated .
0	poor customer service !
1	ordered a cheeseburger , potato salad another bacon cheeseburger and hawaiian coleslaw .
0	_num_ .
1	not crispy bacon means the bacon will bend !
0	i ca n't wait to check out .
1	2nd week : i order a bacon & cheese snack wrap .
0	just a bit uncomfortable to see how much someone spent on an engagement ring !
1	my bacon was limp and my scrambled eggs were runny and smelled like fish .
0	disgusting .
1	but what really killed this was the bacon that was as tough as jerky .
0	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
1	my sandwich had onions , tomatoes , and bacon on it .
0	who serves a drink without ice ?
1	the bacon was greasy and the sausages tasted old .
0	everytime i eat at this location i end up with a sick stomach .
1	the bacon was really dark red in color and very crispy .
0	she rushed me into picking colors for my nails and toes .
1	i came in for the graveyard special - _num_ burgers with bacon , etc .
0	if i had not already paid for the food , i would have left .
1	i ordered the jumbo soft pretzels and the bacon ranch steak quesadillas .
0	after i ordered , the waiter came back twice .
1	his eggs were under cooked and the bacon was again , soggy .
0	they get maximum money for average seafood ( or anything else ) .
1	i went with a bacon cheeseburger on wheat .
0	as mentioned by others , this road is not in the best shape .
1	get it home , no canadian bacon .
0	i never seen such a rude person in this county so far .
1	the only thing i liked was the bacon .
0	used to be so much better .
1	i ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushrooms .
0	that was definitely not the case though .
1	however i ordered a medium pizza half bacon and _num_ wings .
0	the only thing that seemed to have any flavor was the rice .
1	went to the beer bacon and bbq festival and it was horrible !
0	based on this experience , i would most definitely not recommend this to others .
1	the bacon one of course was a dollar more .
0	i would n't order a pizza from them again .
1	no flavor just plain bland cold rubbery eggs and bacon .
0	sure , it 's friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable .
1	they 'll cook the egg and bacon in their crap microwave for you .
0	_num_ .
1	the eggs & bacon came , but no belgian waffle .
0	tables were dirty .
1	when i was a kid the western bacon was one of my favorite burgers .
0	i was there for over _num_ hours !
1	the canadian bacon was like plastic and the pepperoni was like jerky .
0	overall the food was hit or miss .
1	anyway , i was then informed that they cook their beans with bacon .
0	but a $ _num_ dinner for _num_ i expect more .
1	as for the sandwich it was okay but the bacon was surprisingly tasteless .
0	!
1	bacon , eggs , potatoes and side of pancakes ... .
0	then , my brother got the prosciutto and arugula pizza .
1	the pizza was really greasy , and the bacon was minimal .
0	_num_ .
1	my boyfriend ordered the turkey bacon avocado bagel sandwich on the cheddar jalapeo bagel .
0	however , the customer service here is absolutely awful .
1	had no bacon and it just looked a hot mess !
0	not much oyster taste , just the taste of the breading .
1	neither the brown sugar bacon and beef nor the blt had much bacon .
0	their texture was rubbery and they had a `` reheated '' taste to them .
1	my husband ordered a bacon cheeseburger and i had the veggie benedict .
0	the salads are small and nothing to write about .
1	third , the turkey & bacon sandwich had no flavor what so ever .
0	i ate two of the _num_ tenders ( seven ! )
1	you owe me some bacon that i paid for .
0	if you like sandwiches with french fries piled on them , go for it .
1	i order bacon & eggs , wife got the _num_ $ omelet .
0	this was during business hours that i was told to wait outside .
1	i ordered the avocado bacon omelet , it was ok nothing special .
0	unfortunately , that did n't happen .
1	spinach salad with hot bacon dressing had cold bacon dressing .
0	no call , nothing .
1	tried the bacon n bleu for the first time too .
0	the manager on duty came out to apologize , which i did appreciate .
1	cold eggs , cold potatoes , cold bacon , cold sauted veggies .
0	so i guess i did a good job at picking out the wine .
1	i get that bacon is _num_ cents extra .
0	the place is old and outdated , and the restrooms were horrible .
1	half an hour later , my cold bacon burger arrived without bacon .
0	i made a reservation for _num_ on a saturday night .
1	bacon was soggy and portions were small .
0	this was just bad pizza .
1	chose bacon & eggs for $ _num_ .
0	the fried chicken was pretty bland .
1	went for breakfast and ordered a vegetable omelet and turkey bacon .
0	its crime and misleading to even give time warner _num_ star !
1	bacon -- it was bits and pieces of bacon not strips .
0	throughout the entire order , we got nothing but attitude .
1	i went with eggs , over hard and bacon .
0	bartender came back quickly with what looked like watered down lemonade .
1	the bacon was so gross .
0	my boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle .
1	the bacon wrapped prawns appetizer was ok , the dipping sauces were nothing special .
0	however , seconds never came .
1	bacon was a luxury .
0	it was over $ _num_ thrown in the trash .
1	they 're out of bacon , yes bacon !
0	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
1	the burger came with onion straws , bacon , cheese and burger patty .
0	the icing was not damaged though as they were so stale they were hard .
1	_num_ scrambled eggs , bacon , english muffin and potatoes .
0	i was sick to my stomach when i left .
1	cooks and some of the staff looked burnt out like the bacon bits !
0	treated badly .
1	my husband ordered ( or at least attempted ) the bacon waffles with strawberries .
0	i did n't know hamburgers were traditional italian fare .
1	my boyfriend ordered eggs with bacon and toast and complained about the same things .
0	try tom 's diner or eat 'n park instead .
1	it 's the only bacon cheeseburger i have ever not finished .
0	i will not recommend this establishment in the future .
1	he had _num_ waffle , bacon , eggs , hash browns and biscuit .
0	this is the absolute worst steak n shake i 've ever been to .
1	they gave me chewy bacon when i asked for extra crispy .
0	very poor form on the owners part .
1	the burnt bacon only making the situation worse .
0	the place smells of smoke .
1	pretzel dogs with bacon and cheese are suppose to have bacon bits .
0	ugh .
1	i had the bacon blue butter ribeye , loaded baked potato and caesar salad .
0	i have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before .
1	bacon wrapped shrimp and stuffed shrimp .
0	such a shame about this place .
1	the quiche has bacon and swiss cheese running threw it .
0	as for the food and drink , it was just fine .
1	for main courses , companion # _num_ ordered a medium bacon cheeseburger .
0	you 've been warned !
1	bacon was not good .
0	the rice was some of the worst i have ever had .
1	no bacon and barely any toppings .
0	or it had just spilled and they did n't want to waste it .
1	for me and my husband to have pancakes , eggs , bacon and coffee .
0	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
1	but the bacon was under cooked and pretty soggy .
0	a gym attendant wants you to sign in but has no pen .
1	my family ordered the bacon burger , chicken fingers , and a greek wrap .
