0	the food is inconsistent , but often good .
1	i would look for a better bbq , charlotte .
0	rode my bike out to meet my old man .
1	not a good destination bbq joint .
0	half of the floors do n't have vending machines .
1	got their egg rolls , bbq ribs and mongolian beef .
0	she took my bottle of wine and did not mention the price or anything .
1	`` no we out of bbq ribs . ''
0	now it 's just crap .
1	boiled meat covered in bbq sauce is not bbq .
0	first of all the sandwich was on sliced bread ( lame ) !
1	i 'd suggest finding bbq elsewhere .
0	the walls have wall paper torn off throughout the place .
1	only half of the dining area has bbq grills , so expect a wait .
0	drinking scotch in pittsburgh has been fun so far .
1	sucked , ordered a bbq chicken sicilian pizza and they gave me a regular .
0	the waiter was not nice at all !
1	the bbq was cold and dry .
0	she offered me two different stylists by name with no other information .
1	no real bbq ( smokey ) taste .
0	hard to contact .
1	the bbq pork was off .
0	rice was over cooked .
1	we had the worst experience in this sam woo bbq .
0	otherwise , you are better off skipping it .
1	they also have hanging bbq ducks and roasted pork section along with a bakery .
0	unfortunately the food did not come close to my expectations .
1	bbq sauce was nothing special .
0	avoid .
1	the pork was reheated in a microwave and the bbq sauce was bland .
0	okay , so maybe that night we just had bad luck ?
1	this is the worst bbq resturant i 've ever are at .
0	i tried dean 's because i had a coupon for a free hair cut .
1	ranch never came and poor quality bbq sauce .
0	it was even slightly cold before i reheated it .
1	i did not care for the bbq sauce .
0	we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries .
1	i had _num_ bbq beef sandwiches because they were out of the pulled pork .
0	i think lidia & grandma would be appalled !
1	stay away from this bad bbq and sides .
0	it was actually so bad that we asked to talk to the manager .
1	just do n't expect fantastic korean bbq .
0	horrible customer service and they always screw up our orders .
1	the bbq had a sour background taste .
0	you can definitely get better vietnamese elsewhere in the city .
1	the husband had the bbq chicken pizza .
0	and the garlic wings did n't taste like garlic .
1	my wife ordered the bbq bacon burger and the bread was soggy .
0	even a small crack with a few problems set on it .
1	people who enjoy good bbq should avoid this place .
0	some had flavorless chicken piccata , fish and eggplant parmigiana .
1	no bbq on the meat .
0	she not only lost out on a past customer .
1	nothing seemed like real bbq just over cooked and tasteless .
0	most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless .
1	i tried the asian , garlic buffalo and sam adams bbq .
0	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
1	ranch , hot sauce and bbq sauce .
0	which is a huge shame .
1	a customer behind me complained that his bbq chicken stick is cold .
0	cutting too many corners .
1	there was no bbq sauce in it .
0	that 's the only reason why i gave them such a poor mark .
1	if you 're looking for good bbq and fresh this is n't the place .
0	i get better shrimp pasta at macaroni grill !
1	i could n't believe that a bbq restaurant would have frozen meat .
0	it has gone downhill badly .
1	bbq was really dry and the tea was pretty stale tasting .
0	i have never been treated that way with any owner of a business .
1	what saved them was the bbq sauce .
0	never had problem at other locations .
1	worst bbq i every experience .
0	i got food poisoning and was so sick .
1	i would highly recommend texas roadhouse for anyone who wants good bbq .
0	we sat for _num_ minutes before a server came to our table .
1	below average bbq .
0	the `` ambiance '' is loud , dark , dingy and depressing .
1	chilean seabass with korean bbq preparation .
0	i woke up with a stuffy nose and in need of some hot soup .
1	if you want good bbq , go to little miss bbq !
0	i would give this place half a star if i could .
1	bbq section smelled so bad ( not enough ventilation ) and so hot !
0	the food was also not too good .
1	pretty sad to be called a bbq place .
0	the staff would not know i had once asked for that room .
1	the bbq is tasteless .
0	the red sauce tasted like it was ketchup with sugar added .
1	the bbq tomato sauce was ordered spicy , but needed more heat .
0	it 's too bad a once gold standard restaurant is not any longer .
1	so they messed up our combo bbq order .
0	went to easter brunch , was served some coffee from a can .
1	bbq mahi tacos were decent .
0	this makes me sad to write this .
1	the day before new yrs eve i was craving some good bbq .
0	i do n't understand how this place is even in business .
1	i would stick with the bbq items here .
0	whoever gave this place _num_ or five stars must be out of their minds .
1	there was no aroma of smoke or bbq at all in the place .
0	`` ok , sir .
1	ordered the chopped bbq , mac n cheese and yams .
0	service was good but probably the worse pizza i 've ever had .
1	overpriced and nothing special of this bbq chicken sandwich .
0	further , there did n't seem to be any seasoning on the steak .
1	ordered the whiskey river bbq burger ... looked nothing like the picture !
0	the breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable .
1	keep in mind this is a bbq joint - with no bbq .
0	just getting off work , i came alone .
1	i could n't even finish my bbq pork sandwich , i was that disappointed .
0	if someone had been standing there , this would have caused serious injury .
1	my bbq beans were alright , nothing special .
0	i do n't quite trust anybody else to help me properly .
1	it looked more like a vegetable soup than bbq sauce .
0	every time i have ever gone , the service is awful .
1	the bbq sauce was the worst thing i ever tasted in my life .
0	not a fan of the french bread .
1	i dont ever recall any korean bbq joint doing this .
0	rude , unfriendly , just a miserable male server .
1	this is just very bad bbq and poor service .
0	_num_ .
1	brisket sandwich had no flavor or bbq sauce and all fatty meat .
0	that 's not our usual practice . ''
1	i always enjoy trying new styles of bbq , this is chicago style bbq !
0	walking into the hotel , it smelled stale .
1	for my entree , i had the grilled honey bbq shrimp .
0	i was sick to my stomach when i left .
1	they were all pretty standard as far as korean bbq places go .
0	the service is here so incredibly inconsistent .
1	i tried the bbq 'd turkey first .
0	_num_ minute wait for fast food ?
1	looking around i feel sad for he people who eat this bbq .
0	i am _num_ and i was probably youngest patron .
1	went there with my girlfriend for what i thought would be good bbq .
0	sorry panda ; this loyal customer has had enough .
1	we got the prime rib bbq burger and parmesan crusted chicken .
0	boxes and toys were all over the floor in the store .
1	instead of tomato paste it tasted like a chipotle bbq sauce .
0	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
1	not true bbq did n't smell any smoke .
0	other than losing your stuff , they seem like nice guys .
1	the bbq sauce was lacking in consistency and flavor .
0	_num_ .
1	watered down pork soup with bbq sauce on it .
0	items seem overcooked or undercooked .
1	she did n't think it looked like bbq pork -- i did n't know .
0	then no , i have not gotten my beer .
1	bbq pork fried rice had an off taste .
0	i was just really turned off from that experience .
1	i 'm still searching for good bbq meat in madison .
0	they are apparently saying i cant cancel a custom order .
1	i got the bbq sampler thing and my husband got nachos .
0	so i guess if you want an authentic pittsburgh experience then go here .
1	there was n't a lot of bbq pork on the fries .
0	is it possible to give zero stars ?
1	it was the standard burger you eat in your neighbors yard at a bbq .
0	to be smooth after only one pedicure . ''
1	i exchanged them for the bbq beans and the coleslaw which were definitely better .
0	it then took quite awhile for our dinners to start arriving .
1	if it was , then competition bbq leaves something to be desired .
0	okay , i 'm not from pittsburgh .
1	ordered the bbq chicken sandwich last night .
0	all i can really say is that she was a real ball of sunshine .
1	i was really not impressed with the bbq here .
0	at $ _num_ each this falls clearly into the ripoff category .
1	does anyone really think this is even bbq ?
0	just awful .
1	for good bbq , try mac 's instead .
0	unfortunately yelp asked to provide more details on review .
1	i had to pour on bbq sauce .
0	the bar staff was n't concerned with us and were n't friendly at all .
1	went in for lunch today and had the bbq steak burrito .
0	if zero was an option that is what i would rate them !
1	my changs spare ribs were just northern style ribs with bbq sauce on them .
0	very rude and once they get paid have no ethics .
1	the fries dipped in the bbq sauce were the best part by far .
0	!
1	honestly , i 've made better bbq at home .
0	so be aware they added an automatic _num_ % gratuity to the check .
1	to me , the bbq was greasy and nasty .
0	i had the kelly burger and it was just extremely massive and greasy .
1	why anyone would call this good bbq is beyond me .
0	they just said thank you and walked away .
1	korean garden bbq house only gives about _num_ .
0	by now its nearly _num_ o'clock .
1	worst sam woo bbq .
0	no consideration to the value of our time .
1	food was the worst bbq ever , horrible , ribs were rare ?
0	terrible service !
1	i ordered the bbq chicken pizza and my husband ordered the just enough wings .
0	the drinks are very expensive but that 's every bar louie .
1	our family will stick to joe 's real bbq instead .
0	if we had been drinking we would n't care .
1	one of the worst bbq i 've ever had !
0	both the waitress and the bartender were downright hostile .
1	absolutely the worst bbq i ever had .
0	no ... not a sir and i wanted to order mozzarella wheels .
1	yuck ... my husband ordered the western bacon with extra bbq .
0	it was disgusting .
1	we drove a long drive to try this bbq .
0	they give you plenty of food but it is low quality .
1	thankfully , we have ono hawaiian bbq in town .
0	as my boyfriend was talking with the cab company , a waitress walked by .
1	not the worlds greatest bbq chicken ( sorry guy ) .
0	do n't bother eating here .
1	my blessed other half did a _num_ wing split between bbq and teriyaki .
0	the whole experience was absolutely ridiculous .
1	first time doing korean bbq so i 'm not expecting too much .
0	avoid !
1	this was apparently more of a korean bbq place than a vegetarian haven .
0	_num_ ) write down orders so you do n't forget .
1	i did enjoy the bbq shrimp app but the entrees were miserable .
0	i made reservations for _num_ pm on a friday .
1	and guess what no bbq sauce but an open ketchup packet that got everywhere .
0	ingredients were spot on , but it was lacking any real flavor .
1	the kalbi and bbq chicken were good .
0	i also got a _num_ pack that cost _num_ dollars .
1	i would not recommend to come to this location for your ayce korean bbq .
0	you 're probably thinking $ _num_ or $ _num_ , right ?
1	i liked the bbq sauce but the chicken was super dry .
0	i will not get anything from there again .
1	had the brisket and the bbq beef sandwich + sides .
0	very very bland .
1	the bbq sandwiches at honey bear 's never seem to impress me though .
0	what will be done with the empty space that is the question ?
1	i would hate to see it if we did not order extra bbq .
0	not a good first impression .
1	with tangy bbq sauce ?
0	this is rather expensive as well .
1	if you like a sorry excuse for bbq , this is it .
0	not even the shuttle goes anywhere useful .
1	the korean bbq restaurant is next door and kitchen is same for both .
0	that was frustrating !
1	asked for honey , hot sauce and bbq sauce .
0	never came out to see how we were doing .
1	bottom line is i 've had better bbq in the madison area .
0	it 's fake asian food .
1	anyone who wants the taste of bbq this is not the place to go .
0	sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick .
1	the bbq combo , too much to complain about .
0	_num_ .
1	where i 'll never eat bbq again and it 's not the bbq .
0	the clothes are priced far higher than other such shops .
1	there were a few slices of sausage in bbq sauce that was dried up .
0	the service was also extremely slow .
1	but this ai n't no relative rating , and phoenix needs some better bbq .
0	service good prices cheap but food very bland and pre made .
1	and _num_ bbq dishes .
0	!
1	apparently its bbq so i settled for the sesame chicken .
0	absolutely horrible way to treat a customer when they were the ones in error .
1	the bbq pork chow mein was n't horrible .
0	the food is okay - typical italian fair that could be better seasoned .
1	_num_ minutes later they refilled the bbq sauce , lol .
0	service was ok , birthday dessert was a bowl of whipped cream .
1	bbq beans from a can , served in tiny plastic cups .
0	not to mention the constant slow internet .
1	after receiving my food i walked back to my hotel to enjoy some bbq .
0	it was just me and my mom and i just wanted to browse .
1	lunch at honey bears bbq today .
0	one of the floors that does does not offer drinks .
1	but no one wants to bbq outside with the smell of piss surrounding you .
0	- ambiance is nice , upscale , not too loud .
1	ordered the spring rolls and the bbq pork meat balls for apps .
0	the check-in desk was super slow during my stay there .
1	i was given a half pound of mush , absolutely drenched in bbq sauce .
0	another employee tried to help me fix it and screwed that up too .
1	this is based off just one visit when i ordered the bbq chicken .
0	_num_ .
1	for a while they were known as the go to place for chinese bbq .
0	my server was horrific .
1	i had the bbq chicken sandwich and it was moist but not seasoned .
0	the salad has been greatly reduced in size .
1	was like any other typical bbq place .
0	not much oyster taste , just the taste of the breading .
1	anyone who has had real bbq would laugh at this place .
0	the hem was n't even touched and they charged me $ _num_ .
1	all in all , not a great bbq experience .
0	we were so looking forward to the food but our experience was awful .
1	i ordered the chicken bbq sandwich ... was not that great .
0	the steamed mussels arrived in a grey broth that looked like sewage water .
1	bbq meat tasted old .
0	way too expensive if you ask me .
1	very limited selection for the mongolian bbq .
0	in the meantime , date was unimpressed with the chicken .
1	they only give a small cup of bbq sauce for your meal .
0	this place is a pittsburgh legend u got ta stop in .
1	apparently that place is sam woo bbq .
0	service is lacking and food is mediocre .
1	but , if service does n't bother you then this place has good bbq .
0	i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
1	we ordered a bbq sandwich with no coleslaw and a _num_ piece tender meal .
0	i ca n't for the life of me figure out why all the hype .
1	bbq sauce is nothing to write home about .
0	not good .
1	i tried adding some of the bbq sauce .
0	waitress was rude to them and the manager never came to address the issue .
1	came here with friends to satisfy a bbq craving .
0	the service here sucks .
1	the bbq main dish is descent , the side dishes are not fresh .
0	i very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first .
1	i did decline the mayo mustard and got a little bbq sauce .
0	i again had offended by my request .
1	i ordered the bbq pork noodle bowl , and bob the boyfriend ordered ramen .
0	they also have fake sales .
1	bbq beef was tough and lacked flavor .
0	i should have looked or felt it before i left the store .
1	for entrees , we split the specialty tuna and bbq mahi tacos .
0	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
1	i think it was thai bbq chicken with spicy sauce .
0	`` it 's not coming off !
1	was there a shortage of bbq sauce today ?
0	ugh .
1	i was n't sure if they ran out of thai bbq or chicken .
0	sure , harris grill gets crowded , especially on the weekends .
1	i got the curry chicken and the bf got the bbq beef .
0	these guys are definitely lazy !
1	bbq chicken pizza crust was burned and lacked flavor .
0	no drinks .
1	bbq sauce was n't good at all .
0	wo n't visit again .
1	the baked beans were way too sweet as is the bbq sauce .
0	i left them as i was not in a rush .
1	we had the bbq pork sliders , hamburger sliders , nachos and buffalo wings .
0	the screens were tiny and the women 's restroom smelled of stale piss .
1	the bbq pork in our appetizer was almost cold and chewy .
0	clearly , customer service nor quality of food are valued .
1	was driving by madison and thought we 'd get some bbq .
0	the prices are too high for the quality .
1	had a bbq sand and was nothing but disappointed .
0	i also tried the key lime cake and sour cream and apple cake .
1	it was like i ordered a bbq meatball salad .
0	not even a simple `` i 'm sorry . ''
1	ok , i 'll admit , phoenix has terrible bbq .
0	which i do n't really need .
1	when you walk in , there is no aroma of bbq , just meat .
0	just all around disappointing .
1	the burger was not great -- reminded me of overcooked backyard bbq .
0	of course , the order came out quickly , and wrong .
1	you 're giving nc bbq a bad rep .
0	what a disappointment - i wo n't be back .
1	honestly not a big fan of korean bbq but family wanted to eat here .
0	true , this is n't capital grill , nor was i expecting 5-star service .
1	bbq chicken was a bland rubbery mess that the katsu sauce could n't help .
0	there are no free meals in america andrea !
1	but when it came we got roast duck instead of bbq pork .
0	took _num_ minutes before someone came to take our drink order .
1	the bbq was moderate , however , the service is horrible .
0	at that point , i had n't put two and two together yet .
1	even with some bbq sauce eating it was nearly impossible .
0	linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude .
1	i also got mac and cheese , bbq ribs , and green beans .
0	however , the rum killed any blueberry or mint flavor in the drink .
1	the bbq sauce in the burger made me want to vomit .
0	let me tell you , this place is a big let down .
1	the bbq pork here lacks flavor .
0	did n't get all of the items i ordered and paid for !
1	hands down the worst bbq and food for that matter in concord .
0	the fries were cold , and the sandwich and fries were very greasy .
1	i had rice bbq pork , it was okay .
0	sticky floors , bad smell , just general lack of housekeeping .
1	it was a shame to be called sam woo bbq restaurant .
0	ordered a gyro and the meat was cold .
1	bbq shrimp were fine .
0	friends warned me not to eat here .
1	no paper wrap chicken , no bbq anything !
0	the dough was also fairly dense .
1	i was disappointed in their selection of bbq sauce .
0	that 's a lot of beer for less than _num_ dollars .
1	not going back to sam woo bbq again unless they improved their cooking .
0	terribly overrated .
1	typically candied with bbq , it was burned to a crisp and dry .
0	the service is most often rude .
1	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
0	we sat outside and the service was very slow .
1	the bbq pork was overcooked and tough .
0	cheap , average diner food .
1	i 've tried two pizzas here : the bbq chicken and the vegetarian .
0	it was dry .
1	we ordered wings , bbq chicken pizza ( no onions ) and garlic knots .
0	sorry , not sorry .
1	if you are into vinegar style bbq then this is your place .
0	i would n't recommend this place .
1	absolutely the worst bbq i 've ever had .
0	stopped in with my daughter we just wanted something small to eat .
1	the bbq chicken was just ok .
0	the food is terrible .
1	if you 're looking for good bbq , go elsewhere .
0	im from california and was excited to experience this restaurant .
1	sauce should provide an accent to good bbq , not be the bbq .
0	and they got my order wrong .
1	i ordered the mahi bbq taco and it was very good .
0	do not go here for waxing !
1	my bbq pork soup , however , was really not good .
0	their fries are also soggy and gross .
1	the bbq pork was yummy , but that is where our satisfaction ended .
0	plus , beer was _num_ !
1	bland bbq , bland chicken .
0	the haircut was $ _num_ .
1	just ordered chicken bbq and i got something totally not chicken bbq .
0	i swear it was worse than my first experience .
1	bbq was disgusting and swimming in grease .
