0	no tofu , no seasoning or sauce .
1	but the beds suck .
0	they do n't help you to find a table .
1	only a fitted sheet and flat sheet was on the beds .
0	it 's all crap .
1	the room appeared to be clean and modern but the beds were awful .
0	wrong !
1	why would you make the lowest level bed _num_ points ?
0	i really wanted to like this place but alas it just was n't happening .
1	they refused to take the bed back .
0	second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious .
1	the bed was a joke , the furniture was very old .
0	this place does n't feel clean or inviting .
1	my dog has a better bed than this for crying out loud !
0	i was towed within _num_ hours after parking back there at ( 10pm ) .
1	so therefore i would not stay here unless you want a dirty bed .
0	the views are not worth it .
1	i refused the bed as i was presented with this option .
0	tip was $ _num_ .
1	- no visible signs of bed bugs .
0	this place is trashy .
1	they take all coupons , even bed bath and beyond .
0	it did n't taste bad by any means , but not restaurant quality .
1	the room we stayed in was infested with bed bugs .
0	the bar was not to noisy and the server was very attentive .
1	the tanning bed ended up being broken , surprise .
0	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
1	i ended up going to bed with terrible stomach pains .
0	i eat out almost every night of the week .
1	room was fine ... until i went to bed .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	entered the room to find two full sized beds squeezed in a tiny room .
0	the food was mediocre and full of msg .
1	beds not as comfortable as they should be .
0	the broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked .
1	a king bed is $ _num_ more than two beds .
0	please take all of these negative reviews seriously because they are valid .
1	non smoking room smelled like some , no blankets on bed , only sheets ?
0	it tasted like nothing .
1	then he sat in an er bed for _num_ hours without even an iv .
0	they next wanted to try my hands and i refused .
1	they tell me that a bed is ready when they are not .
0	the blond hostess refused .
1	do not go they have bed bugs .
0	please save your money and visit another store or company .
1	i ate what i could then went to bed shortly after .
0	the service , however , was terrible .
1	i was afraid to sleep in that nasty bed .
0	the burgers were just okay .
1	the room with the twin bed had two tiny flat screen tvs .
0	that was not acceptable to me .
1	till this day i ca n't get comfortable with my leg on the bed .
0	the actual equipment is ok , but the locker rooms are pretty bad .
1	the bed blankets are dingy and have stains .
0	i could n't even finish it .
1	queen beds were not queen , they were actually _num_ full size beds .
0	rude , arrogant , and just nasty .
1	this required me to take a day off from work to receive the bed .
0	possible the most frustrating company i have ever interacted with .
1	the bed is clean ... the room is gross .
0	i should know , i 've dealt with at least a dozen .
1	i have been meaning to follow up on the bed bug situation .
0	slow service .
1	the bed looked worn .
0	no excuse for an overcooked steak ever , and all ordered medium rare .
1	the bed and pillows were both very firm and uncomfortable .
0	they did n't .
1	the bed was comfortable enough and the room was mostly clean .
0	no need to ever return .
1	after entering my room i went straight to the bed and sat down .
0	could not have been more patronizing .
1	the bed was the worst thing i have ever slept on .
0	i usually only stop there if i 'm already at tend waterfront .
1	when the girls went to lay on the sofa bed it was actually painful .
0	the cheese is almost too much .
1	room decor is old and bed was not comfortable .
0	this was a friday , and he said he 'd call back on monday .
1	could n't find someone to help us return a bed for _num_ min .
0	both had no flavor and the crust was chewy and lousy .
1	dirty patient beds as if they never cleaned the sides of the beds .
0	want to sit in the bar area ?
1	bed was worn out .
0	the last take-out pie we got was less than pleasing to the eye .
1	the bed was hard as rocks and very uncomfortable .
0	i just remembered why i do n't visit chain sit down restaurants .
1	the bathroom was awful , bedding lumpy and ancient , and the lighting poor .
0	i heard her talking about customers very badly .
1	literally we checked the bed for bugs because this hotel is so gross .
0	not here .
1	i was given a sofa bed to sleep on .
0	imitation crab meat at an italian restaurant does n't fly .
1	shrimp tacos were ok just on a basic bed of slaw for $ _num_ .
0	we never got a call about the reservation time which was annoying .
1	the bed is terrible !
0	this is no mike and tony 's or big greek gyro in market square .
1	if you are not dying you will not get a bed .
0	the workers are not greek chefs and are very condescending .
1	i stayed on a one bed handicap room with two kids for _num_ days .
0	this review is for alterations only .
1	the beds were hard like cardboard and loud anytime you moved .
0	i feel like she treated me like a criminal .
1	stupid short bed .
0	w h at a shame .
1	the beds are very comfortable so you can get a good night 's sleep .
0	could n't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve .
1	no fitted sheets on the beds ?
0	at that point i would 've just taken a plain biscuit !
1	i 'm tired so i think i 'm going to bed .
0	i really like the pizza and marinated vegetables .
1	the bed was lumpy .
0	they still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card .
1	ordered several pieces of furniture including a very expensive bed .
0	the menu said nothing about that , so i had no idea .
1	the beds were comfortable .
0	i sent that back , and ordered the sea bass .
1	beds poorly made .
0	also , the portions are not as big .
1	my wife and i stopped by to purchase a bed two weekends ago .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	also , it had only four small , really tiny pillows on the bed .
0	the store never looks very clean .
1	it was obvious the bed was not put together well .
0	horrible customer service !
1	tv , bed and bathroom .
0	what an awful experience .
1	terrible company bed bug infested !
0	my room was not clean .
1	at least the extra bed was already brought up .
0	this place is a bad idea all around .
1	fifteen minutes to get a bed frame during a slow period .
0	they place no value on customer satisfaction .
1	the beds were ok -- we were able to sleep .
0	unfortunately , the food was mixed .
1	beware , this place is crawling with bed bugs .
0	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
1	on the bed , there are a couple of dead roaches .
0	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
1	the beds were mediocre .
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	linens on bed were fine but carpet looked like it had not been vacuumed .
0	it was awful !
1	- room # _num_ has bed bugs !
0	and that its all the owners fault about the price .
1	the bed was clean but springs could be felt through the mattress .
0	not a dime every again .
1	i booked a room with a king size bed .
0	so sad .
1	clearly , they want to get a bed sold , period .
0	if _num_ stars were possible i 'd give em .
1	he slept in bed with us and cried all night long .
0	i ca n't say the food is bad .
1	the 1st time they replaced my bed right away .
0	crab cakes were awful .
1	but even worse , bed bugs .
0	worst .
1	we found bed bugs , which was very disgusting .
0	soups were borderline offensive .
1	i had no problems with the beds .
0	this place is terrible !
1	my husband 's steak was on a bed of the same disgusting spinach .
0	the wedding soup was less than fair .
1	beds were horrible with a big dip in the middle of each bed .
0	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
1	scared of the bed , so i slept with all of my clothes on .
0	the cheese pie was pretty bad .
1	bed bugs would n't believe me i had to show my bite marks .
0	i did n't appreciate it , understand it , or like it at all .
1	the bed had clearly seen better days .
0	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
1	at this point , i decided i should probably check the bed .
0	i asked for a pen , not a kidney .
1	the bed was very uncomfortable !
0	the real reason for the single star was the cole slaw .
1	i did n't get my afternoon meds until time to go to bed .
0	filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
1	the bed , i did n't dare look .
0	we shrugged it off and went to the bar .
1	he threw us out because he was caught with a bed bug problem .
0	horrible service .
1	maybe half a star , it had a bed .
0	chicken chewy and rubbery .
1	i would n't stay here until they deal with their bed bug problem .
0	our food was just average , nothing special .
1	however , was given keys to a room with two double beds .
0	no such luck .
1	the room : the beds are as hard as rocks .
0	the girlfriends sushi meal was a bit over priced for a lunch menu .
1	the beds were super comfy though !
0	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
1	i woke up with bed bug bites all over my body !
0	ugh .
1	beds were lumpy and we tried to keep everything off floor - just nasty .
0	it tasted like it came out of a walmart freezer on clearance .
1	however , lately they have fallen out of bed .
0	the service was slow and lukewarm .
1	unfortunately , the rear window was just above our bed .
0	i still do n't understand why they served their fancy cream soda warm .
1	i tried the level _num_ bed for _num_ mins .
0	the staff at the downtown location tend to be rude .
1	i am disabled and spend most of my time in bed .
0	the hallway looks a wreck !
1	uncomfortable , noisy beds .
0	_num_ .
1	the bed smelled like my old roommate 's closet ... musty and dirty .
0	disgusting .
1	furnishings and bedding from the _num_ 's ... if not _num_ 's !
0	the veggies were about average , not fresh , but did n't taste gross .
1	i 'm in bed before 8pm on most nights .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	within _num_ days two of my nails snapped and broke into the nail bed .
0	_num_ star .
1	bed too close to wall .
0	entrees were half off but all looked mediocre .
1	there are _num_ men in my living room and i was in bed .
0	overall , i 've got no complaints about the food .
1	this is the third time we stayed here and we found bed bugs .
0	stomach hurts all night .
1	the whole bed smelled like it had never been cleaned before .
0	did i mention the cake was dry ?
1	for last minute we had the one queen bed room and it was awful .
0	a cup given with no ice and a bottle of soda ?
1	the king bed in the bedroom was old and tired too .
0	all tasted like old food .
1	to my shock , there was bed bugs .
0	the pie it self was a real mess .
1	beds hard , rooms clean , but old and needs to be updated .
0	extremely disappointing .
1	then , we checked the bed .
0	does zero good to complain .
1	the staff was friendly enough and the bed was comfy .
0	too much cheese on their pizzas , and the customer service is incredibly poor .
1	i was thrown on the bed with no blanket .
0	poor service , awful attitudes and sub-par food .
1	the bed was comfortable and the room was mostly quiet .
0	turns out they do n't have soup .
1	the beds were not comfortable .
0	i felt horrible .
1	the room was clean and well kept , the beds were comfortable .
0	their market square location worse .
1	i found an empty water bottle on the floor next to the bed .
0	service was really bad even though the place was half empty .
1	i was better off eating some fast food before i went to bed .
0	so i contacted this bakery for a wedding cake approximately _num_ months in advance .
1	the sheets in the bed looked clean but they were very worn .
0	also questionable tofu in the vegetarian spring rolls .
1	i wish i could say the same for the steel bed frame .
0	they were super buttery ... too much so .
1	the room and bed was fine and the hotel did not look run down .
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	there were crumbs in the bed and they were n't very clean .
0	so if this was based on food i would give buca a _num_ .
1	looking toward the bed the room looked very nice .
0	it was just a bad scene .
1	good thing i 'm not an early to bed kind of guy .
0	pizza , sandwiches , beer , what could go wrong ?
1	beds were so uncomfortable , very hard .
0	i ordered the beef vermicelli bowl , one egg roll , one spring roll .
1	needed _num_ beds to sleep _num_ people .
0	i was very unimpressed with this olive garden location .
1	we reserved _num_ beds and got _num_ bed .
0	when we arrived there , however it was a different story .
1	after arriving back at the hotel , bedding had not been changed .
0	there was absolutely no care or thought put into this salad .
1	the bed was large , and wasnt too bad .
0	i called to order contacts and they were utterly confused .
1	oh and the beds are super uncomfortable and so as the pillows .
0	not because the food is bad but because i like to try new places .
1	sizzling shrimp , more like _num_ shrimp on a bed of burnt cheese !
0	needless to say i was extremely disappointed .
1	old bed with no support !
0	i said no thanks .
1	the sheets on our bed where stained either by old blood or mold .
0	do n't get married here .
1	but the bed was a big disappointment .
0	the beef turns out to be $ _num_ .
1	had cigarette burns on tv bedside table and blanket on bed .
0	the server even tried pushing a diners club program on us !
1	we also requested _num_ beds and we were given one .
0	but my hubby did n't know any better .
1	bad service , bad beds , bad smell and pricey for what you get .
0	i got a chicken noodle soup and he got the seafood calzone .
1	i get into bed and there is again more unknown hair .
0	visited with a party of _num_ last weekend for a friend 's birthday .
1	everything is old and the bed is uncomfortable .
0	the place was noisy and it was pricey .
1	again , _num_ hours for double beds ?
0	and while you 're eating too ... it 's so disgusting .
1	on top of that the pull out bed was uncomfortable as hell !
0	i would n't be as concerned if i were here for pleasure .
1	my husband and i went in here last week to look at beds .
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	the room was below zero i lay on a bed with nothing over me .
0	bread pudding is always warm no ?
1	the bed was uncomfortable and has tiny pillows .
0	i would not recommend anybody go .
1	the beds were kind of musty , but sheets and room were cleaned daily .
0	very bad experience .
1	to put it nicely , this man has zero bed side manners .
0	it 's all cheap but that 's not reason to be terrible .
1	spent the next two days in bed feeling miserable .
0	i just came from there .
1	also , the miniature dog bed prices are out of this world .
0	to be honest this place was not that good at all .
1	long walk to room and the bed was not that comfortable .
0	i do n't understand the big hype over this place .
1	the outlets along the bed wall do n't work at all .
0	it was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots .
1	little view of the pool , _num_ beds , and a door .
0	it was annoying fighting the crowds to look at the certain cars .
1	the first bed legit has hair under the sheets ... strike _num_ .
0	richard does not make you feel comfortable .
1	no lamps on each side of the bed .
0	not keeping with the the _num_ star yelp review that brought us here .
1	for $ _num_ i received three scallops on a bed of risotto .
0	this is the worst spot on walnut st !
1	he sent her to a bed and had nurses care for her .
0	the seafood tasted old .
1	bed comforter had dried stains on it as well .
0	almost all of the tires sold on site are foreign .
1	i booked a non-smoking room with _num_ king bed .
0	she over charged us for her very badly made drinks .
1	my bed was comfy but the hotel itself needs an overhaul .
0	i miss the old garden ridge .
1	she took me into the room and showed me how to use the bed .
0	not personal at all strictly business .
1	the beds are uncomfortable , lumpy , and disgusting .
0	was just rude .
1	the king bed we upgraded to was just two small beds pushed together .
0	we checked in , put our stuff in our room , and left .
1	when returning to bed , i discovered what appeared to be a bed bug .
0	that same day i called another company and booked them with no issues .
1	however the bed was very uncomfortable and i could not sleep at all .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	two small asians in the bed was uncomfortable .
0	he was loud , very loud .
1	i ca n't work at home because the bed always calls my name .
0	described as having crab , lobster and shrimp .
1	beds were uncomfortable .
0	such a shame .
1	one year later and i 'm ordering a new bed from someplace else .
0	however , they only have two waitresses outside for about _num_ tables .
1	now many months later the whole building is getting treated again for bed bugs .
0	just a bit uncomfortable to see how much someone spent on an engagement ring !
1	instead of a king bed , it had a full size bed .
0	my pumpkin pastry with carmel topping was alright .
1	_num_ bed bug can have _num_ 's of babies .
0	some good some bad .
1	we should have picked it up , i 'd be in bed by now .
0	i mean thats absurd to charge these prices !
1	i will never come back here again unless i 'm on my death bed .
0	this spot would n't have lasted a year in nyc .
1	oh yeah , the ac sounds like a _num_ taking off above your bed .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	with those beds , they should put a dispenser in the lobby .
0	i 've been wanting to stop in here for the longest time .
1	it 's run by bed bath and beyond .
0	it took so long to get , we just left .
1	upon laying on the bed , felt springs in my back .
0	cant wait to move on .
1	my bed lasted _num_ years .
0	very disappointed in his attitude more then anything .
1	the beds are terrible .
0	this place barely uses any flavor other than salt and msg .
1	the bed was dirty too .
0	the service was terrible .
1	so then i went to bed .
0	she did n't refill drinks .
1	you can feel the springs in the beds .
0	description said grain mustard cole slaw and pickles .
1	the bed was comfortable .
0	the staff is rude .
1	do n't be fooled by the nice beds and sheets .
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	the bed was also older , and the room felt dated .
0	we went for a second opinion elsewhere and i 'm glad we did .
1	tried to pressure me into buying a bed right then and there .
0	he refuses .
1	the bed comfort was ok , there were stains on the carpet .
0	this was some of the worst food i 've ever had .
1	there were two queen sized beds for you and a friend to share .
0	_num_ .
1	only after repeated complaints did they switch him to a different bed .
0	there was a little bit of a wait which is expected on saturday night .
1	i 'm covered in bed bug bites .
0	ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
1	gave us double beds but i thought we were supposed to get queen beds .
0	stayed at the hotel and booked two massages .
1	the bed was awful .
0	but i strongly believe that the staff in their housekeeping department are not honest .
1	very small , old , small beds , noisy fan in bathroom .
0	walking into the hotel , it smelled stale .
1	i was in so much pain , i spent two days in bed .
0	i ordered mine , chocolate , and cried vanilla .
1	beds are not as comfortable as other hilton hotels - beds are too hard .
0	horrible customer service .
1	once they began building the bed frame they quickly stopped and called me upstairs .
0	bad mistake .
1	however , the beds were comfy .
0	the flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland .
1	no bed bug bites though , guess that 's a plus .
