0	it 's horrible .
1	the beef in the pho was tough .
0	the only good thing is that the drinks are cheap .
1	within _num_ minutes , the corned beef arrived .
0	even the water tasted weird .
1	unfortunately , not a good cut of beef as they were tough and chewy .
0	it was not especially crowded ( no wait ) and we had reservations .
1	also got the teriyaki beef which was like shoe leather ( very tough ) .
0	heavy and bland .
1	my corned beef sandwich was dry and the bread fell apart .
0	i 've complained numerous times but it never does any good .
1	neither the brown sugar bacon and beef nor the blt had much bacon .
0	the minus : the maintenance staff is always around .
1	the tomato chicken tasted like beef jerky .
0	the sandwich at best was mediocre .
1	for lunch i ordered the number # _num_ bun w/ beef .
0	from the bakery , you walk along a long meat wall .
1	but the beef ribs were okay and so were the side .
0	avoid !
1	it was n't layered slices of corned beef .
0	i will not be going back .
1	my biggest beef the music was ridiculously loud !
0	it was so bad , i would not dear to try again .
1	we returned the beef because it was not edible .
0	the fried chicken was pretty bland .
1	ordered an italian beef they put the beef into the microwave for _num_ minutes ?
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	the beef was ok but really did n't care for the cheese sauce .
0	this place was not packed .
1	ordered egg rolls , steamed dumplings , garlic beef and orange chicken .
0	this place is hyped as the be all end all of burgers .
1	szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
0	the better restaurant is the little cafe across the street owned by same owner .
1	anyways , very disappointed with my beef teriyaki ... .
0	we lucked out and go on the shuttle over without waiting in the cold .
1	they served me raw beef .
0	i wish there were other options of stores similar to them in the area .
1	in total i counted _num_ small pieces of beef .
0	so i was like dang !
1	sadly , they prepared kung pao beef instead .
0	way too much pepper or spices , and i could hardly taste the cheese .
1	dry beef , low end salad .
0	however , i knew my husband wanted to use the gift card .
1	my wife got the honey glazed chicken and i got the sichuan beef .
0	texture and temperature of the fish scared me .
1	beef curry was okay .
0	which is a huge shame .
1	it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
0	the soup tasted spoiled , the tomatoes in my salad were frozen and mushy .
1	ordered some thing simple , mongolian beef .
0	they completely ignored us so we got up and left .
1	the beef turns out to be $ _num_ .
0	overall the food , service , and atmosphere deserve _num_ star .
1	the ground beef was either old or spoiled and it tasted sour .
0	my jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke .
1	gravy was bland , no flavor at all other than the chipped beef .
0	clearly , i was never meant to know the price of this ring .
1	skimpy on the beef and wo n't honor free cookie coupon .
0	two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess .
1	i 'm not sure what was delivered , but it was not mongolian beef .
0	i 'm sure you can find better accommodations in this price range and location .
1	the steak tasted like beef charcoal .
0	disappointment .
1	the beef was very pink in the middle and was of extremely poor quality .
0	i ca n't even guess how unsanitary it might be .
1	hard to taste the beef through all the seasoning though .
0	i expected at least decent and i was extremely disappointed .
1	i do n't think sammy has ever even had a good corned beef sandwich .
0	so , why only _num_ stars you ask ?
1	i also tried the sesame chicken , mongolian beef and sweet and sour pork .
0	i waited about _num_ mins and still no menu .
1	they were super greasy and the beef was very dry .
0	nothing stood out , including the famous burnt almond torte .
1	and a beef ( leather ) thing with noodles .
0	this made me question whether or not she was professionally trained .
1	the beef was not the right color and was basically bland .
0	high prices , horrible service !
1	it was water boiled spicy beef .
0	we had to go , it was getting way too late .
1	well it was beef and now she is sick .
0	you ca n't mess it up ) .
1	i had the thai beef salad and it had about _num_ strips of beef .
0	the only part of our day that really irritated me was our checkout .
1	the corn beef has was not cooked and cold .
0	she then went to get our drinks .
1	luke 's italian beef is dry and lackluster in flavor .
0	dark roasted , bitter , etc .
1	the machaca burrito was made using ground beef with spices .
0	very rude staff .
1	ordered an order of egg rolls , crispy beef and chicken pad thai .
0	the ladies at the reception desk are horrible !
1	the mongolian beef had a flavor but it was all wrong .
0	some had flavorless chicken piccata , fish and eggplant parmigiana .
1	the rice was burnt and the beef and broccoli was very salty .
0	wish i could give this place negative stars .
1	the beef was a tad overcooked and the broccoli was limp from being overcooked .
0	this giant eagle maybe the worst supermarket i 've ever been to .
1	i really wanted to give _num_ star , but the beef was good .
0	whoever designed this place should be shot .
1	ca n't figure out quite what the meat tastes like , definitely not beef .
0	guess what , no fresh oysters .
1	i took a few bites and i was disgusted how raw the beef was .
0	so , obviously , no free refills .
1	and no beef selection .
0	and am not a fan of the _num_ % .
1	ordered a chicken taco , beef taco , tostada , bean burrito , chips .
0	anything to acknowledge an unacceptable wait time .
1	the broccoli beef smelled funny to me so i did n't try it .
0	i do n't even see how time warner is even in business !
1	sad face for howard , beef gyro for me .
0	fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks .
1	was not breakfast sausage but some dry beef stick .
0	prices were inflated for a limited valentines day menu .
1	the worst disappointment was my main course - i ordered the red beef tamales .
0	no more .
1	the most disappointing aspect of our visit was the smoked beef brisket .
0	not even a simple `` i 'm sorry . ''
1	the chorizo appeared to be ground beef and was bland .
0	ultimately , i was n't very impressed .
1	literally was a few pieces of beef and the rest was all noodles .
0	everything else is a joke .
1	she introduced me to italian beef and is a native of chicago .
0	not particularly flavorful but edible .
1	i suspect a bad cut of beef .
0	i am hoping that my experience here was an off night .
1	the beef in my tacos was ground fine .
0	i went and told carmax and they said ford was lying .
1	also ordered beef & mixed vegetable , meh .
0	Neutral
1	first , the meat in my italian beef was bland , really bland .
0	meh is the only thing i leave here feeling .
1	the chicken had a terrible flavor as did the beef .
0	i ordered the chicken kabob .
1	i ordered a chicken enchilada and a beef taco , no sides .
0	well , the customer service did n't get much better .
1	( the mongolian beef should have been called mongolian onion . )
0	do they not make fresh brew coffee .
1	it was brown gravy like consistency with beef in it but almost nothing else .
0	i understand , you ca n't try them all .
1	i had _num_ bbq beef sandwiches because they were out of the pulled pork .
0	it was no more than _num_ minutes long .
1	the beef enchilada had fatty pieces in it .
0	no ketchup ?
1	the italian beef sandwich had good beef but was very dry .
0	, i would have never known .
1	i had the beef fajitas and they were very tough .
0	it 's not a very good longhorn .
1	i told my husband at the end to tell the staff they lack beef .
0	$ _num_ for two small hamburgers ?
1	the beef was borderline gross with the texture and bad flavor !
0	the food was all bland and tasteless .
1	i ordered a shredded beef taco and my wife got the chicken con queso .
0	i 'm really torn by this review .
1	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
0	send it my way , i 'll get you payment .
1	the beef was disappointing to say the very least .
0	there was no salad or pasta side offered .
1	i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
0	well it is a sunday night and the crowd is not here .
1	she ca n't eat beef .
0	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
1	i ordered my usual - shredded beef tacos .
0	it had no flavor whatsoever .
1	i ordered the beef enchilada platter .
0	puts it into a glass and serves it to someone else .
1	my husband and i got the shredded beef tacos and enchiladas .
0	i even asked my husband to check in case i missed it .
1	sauce was n't all that and sliced beef was tough .
0	unfortunately i did not get to experience these things .
1	the beef i got was so tough i could n't chew it .
0	not worth your money !
1	the shredded beef did n't have much flavor to it .
0	and they got my order wrong .
1	my corned beef hash looked like it was right out of the can .
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	and finally the beef was extremely dry .
0	bland reheated samosas .
1	he later returned with _num_ shrimp and about _num_ bite size portions of beef .
0	- the usual crap they sell to people because they think they are idiots .
1	so my meal was the beef ribs with macaroni and cheese and cabbage .
0	_num_ . )
1	meatballs were rubbery , sliced beef dry and chewy .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	next , i took a bite of my beef and it was ice cold .
0	i just do n't get how anyone could like it ?
1	i ordered a combo plate , trying a beef enchilada and a chicken taco .
0	from start to finish , the entire evening was a terrible experience .
1	another couple ordered the cajun pasta and brewery beef tips .
0	but they sure sold it to me .
1	thats mongolian beef for the ghetto house of hong kong .
0	service is terrible .
1	ordered cashew chicken , hot and spicy beef and kung pao chicken .
0	just bad .
1	my pita was literally just meat , it looked like a ground beef taco .
0	we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries .
1	corned beef was dry and tasteless , cheeseburger ok for eight bucks .
0	it was quite mediocre for old school burgers and fries .
1	the roast beef last time tasted like it came from subway .
0	she seemed tired , and overworked .
1	lunch menu , pepper beef -- no better than _num_ stars .
0	it does n't !
1	husband ordered beef with broccoli - it was cold .
0	my water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it .
1	three of our five meals , the beef was n't cook completely .
0	the most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat .
1	and the beef was like thinly sliced cheap roast beef .
0	these people are very difficult to do business with .
1	i ordered the vegetable lo mein and my partner ordered the mongolian beef .
0	so frustrated .
1	i ordered corned beef hash and eggs .
0	unfortunately the reality did n't match the idea of the burger .
1	i ordered the green chile beef , which i was looking forward to .
0	guess not .
1	my husband was n't thrilled with his beef either .
0	no upgrades .
1	i settled for the beef tenderloin and fried calamari appetizer .
0	i spent almost _num_ minutes for some nachos .
1	got _num_ italian roast beef sandwiches and fries .
0	this is absolutely the worst place i 've ever been to .
1	the beef back ribs were n't very good either .
0	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
1	the beef pho was sub par .
0	this place really did suck .
1	the beef taco was horrible .
0	for $ _num_ , it was n't worth it .
1	i do n't understand why this place think 's it has famous corned beef .
0	anyway , we sip our disappointing drinks and decide to order an appetizer .
1	_num_ $ for a plain roast beef forget that !
0	based on all the other reviews , probably safe to stick to pho .
1	im use to sliced beef instead of shredded .
0	such a shame .
1	we got the curry chicken , beef with broccoli , and crab rangoons .
0	i hated it !
1	the beef taco meat was dried out , and without much flavor .
0	i do n't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff .
1	the roast beef had an odd taste and upset my stomach .
0	they did not acknowledge me .
1	my lunch companion had roast beef and regretted ordering anything .
0	waitress was throwing plates on the table .
1	tried a beef taco for _num_ had two of them .
0	customer service was a joke .
1	ordered the mongolian beef combo and fried dumplings .
0	what a complete waste .
1	be warned that the ground beef tacos are n't very good .
0	my husband can not go back to construction junction today .
1	i have never seen a burro with canned roast beef and gravy filling .
0	worst experience in a long time .
1	my beef tamale was awful .
0	service was really bad even though the place was half empty .
1	i would not go back for the sliders or beef items .
0	described as being served with butternut squash , brussel sprouts and cauliflower .
1	the shredded beef had no flavor .
0	they fixed the flat no problem for $ _num_ .
1	the garlic beef was cold and the meat was very fatty .
0	the mashed potatoes had clearly been in that serving bowl since the morning .
1	the shrimp pupusas was my fave amongst beef and pork .
0	they did n't accommodate for a member of our group that had an allergy .
1	beef and broccoli was salty .
0	quite frankly , the fish was n't good at all .
1	waited _num_ hr for a beef sandwich .
0	the food is bad !
1	the beef noodle soup was not tasty .
0	i got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted .
1	the beef was rubbery and had an off flavor .
0	the flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland .
1	but the beef and the pork were a huge disappointment .
0	the older man that took us to the table could have done nicer .
1	i sucked it up and ate the stupid beef .
0	you should skip this place for sure .
1	mongolian beef lacked flavor and was a bit of a mess .
0	now i am forced to put in another quarter to finish my load .
1	i had the beef ribs , collards , and mashed potatoes .
0	i hate this place .
1	the beef taco is shredded beef , which was good ( to me ) .
0	my advice : locals must not know shit from their asshole .
1	my wife and i went there last for `` beef taquitos '' .
0	the home fries were just diced potatoes .
1	the ground beef had no flavor whatsoever -- no seasoning at all .
0	i have n't been here in a long time .
1	apparently , most food orders are for beef instead instead of chicken .
0	sorry , bummer .
1	it was beef , cabbage , and onion over rice .
0	the fish itself was bland .
1	i ordered the beef vermicelli bowl , one egg roll , one spring roll .
0	also the pizza was bad .
1	my daughter had two shredded beef tacos for $ _num_ , filling .
0	service was absolutely dismal for no good reason .
1	ok no big deal , i 'll take your other beef .
0	no amount of butter and salt could save that corn .
1	_num_ corned beef steak remains .
0	my sister for a deal for _num_ and day in the _num_ season .
1	the corned beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special .
0	she rushed me into picking colors for my nails and toes .
1	the corn beef on my sandwich was tough .
0	the waiter was not nice at all !
1	there were few vegetables in this curry , and the beef was exceptionally tough .
0	not good .
1	the roast beef sandwich i ordered was tough .
0	terrible service .
1	so really , i had a cole slaw sandwich with a little corned beef .
0	service gets _num_ stars and food gets _num_ stars .
1	their signature italian beef sandwiches are often served barely warm or cold .
0	but you know how some dive bars have charm ?
1	the prices , however , are my biggest beef .
0	$ _num_ for anything !
1	i am still searching for the ultimate italian beef sandwich .
0	slow , absolutely the worst .
1	the corned beef was wonderful but so overcooked in my scramble .
0	sorry , we will never step foot in here again .
1	beef taco was ok.
0	the first half dragged .
1	a friend of mine had a philly cheesesteak that used ground beef .
0	if that does n't work , then they try to scare you w/ it .
1	out of beans , beef , and chicken .
0	will take my business elsewhere in the future .
1	they were bland , the beef looks like and has a texture of pork .
0	our first visit deserved a _num_ but this visit was a _num_ .
1	so was the veggie beef soup .
0	disappointed .
1	the machaca meat i think was shredded beef jerky , extra salty .
0	i told my friend to forget about it .
1	which i 'll gladly pay for a fresh ground beef patty .
0	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
1	it smelled great but it tasted like sour beef .
0	$ _num_ dollars for a plate of pasta , really ?
1	skimpy on the beef , and they add requirements to coupons .
0	just not worth it .
1	i do n't know where their beef is from .
0	the food is crap .
1	hunan beef medium spicy was bland .
0	what a disappointment !
1	the chicken and beef had no seasoning that i could taste at all .
0	it was hardly halfway full .
1	and the beef with broccoli was worse !
0	gave me a texas number .
1	the mongolian beef had a weird taste to it and made my friend sick .
0	they put oil on the sandwich , but no other dressing .
1	the shredded beef was mushy , no flavor .
0	if you 're desperate for chinese , get it to go .
1	i ordered the italian beef sandwich , she an artichoke chicken pita sandwich .
0	i 'm not even sure they bothered to cook that .
1	my `` beef '' is the food .
0	sorry wo n't be back !
1	i ordered a kobe beef slider and i did n't care for it .
0	but they use the cheapest meats they can find and you can taste it .
1	green chile beef was practically inedible .
0	poor little guy .
1	but the red chile burritos are beef and not pork .
0	it would have been nice to know whom .
1	i got two enchiladas , one chicken and one beef .
0	excuse given was understaffed but when you are not busy it does n't fly .
1	had the brisket and the bbq beef sandwich + sides .
0	_num_ stars for history , _num_ for food quality and flavor .
1	the meat was undercooked both times i tried beef and chicken .
0	the food was terrible & the cooks need to get it together .
1	we had the beef steak , fried chicken , and ham and beans .
0	probably should have gotten a salad .
1	it was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots .
0	it 's sad to experience systems that work so obviously against the customer .
1	i seriously doubt the beef was brisket , as it was dry and lean .
0	they could n't find it in the `` on holds area '' wth ?
1	i got the curry chicken and the bf got the bbq beef .
0	i 'll admit it , i 'm already an italian food snob .
1	my beef with this chain is their portion sizes .
0	hot & sour soup was highly americanized , not very hot or very sour .
1	the beef was utterly dry and flavorless .
0	so not worth the walk that we took to get here .
1	the italian beef was very dry almost jerky .
0	i went to jiffy lube for a routine oil change .
1	because i so have a beef with this restaurant .
0	cons : extremely inconsistent room cleaning service !
1	had the # _num_ taco , beef enchilada and tostada .
0	i did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left .
1	beef was somewhat bland today .
0	is n't that what baked ziti is ?
1	this is no al 's beef ( unfortunately the one in scottsdale closed ) .
0	the restaurant was too busy .
1	the husband had a shredded beef enchilada & taco combo .
0	gross , gross , gross .
1	been eating here a few months now and usually get the shredded beef tacos .
0	but this was not what i had in mind .
1	we also ordered the kobe beef sliders and the tomato salad .
0	if this is personalized service , i 'd rather stay at a motel .
1	she ordered sweet and sour chicken and i ordered beef chow mein .
0	eventually i had enough and left , which they still probably did n't notice .
1	i 've always purchased ground beef from this location and never had problems .
0	the range itself had terrible ventilation .
1	paid $ _num_ for three early bird specials - all three were beef broccoli .
0	very bad foods .
1	i have the biscuits and chipped beef gravy .
0	else , you will find better value and experience elsewhere .
1	but my biggest beef of all is the lack of reserved seating .
0	i was given a sofa bed to sleep on .
1	the corned beef was served cold and was terrible .
0	our food took forever and when it got there i was highly disappointed .
1	they advertise the burger is _num_ % real beef .
0	very quick but kinda confusing to find the place .
1	beef pieces were small .
0	so be aware they added an automatic _num_ % gratuity to the check .
1	had _num_ beef tacos and rice ... .
