0	poor service , menu options not available , dirty utensils .
1	believe me , you do n't need the aggravation and spotty food quality .
0	the morning of checkout my bill had not been placed under the door .
1	wings came out and could not believe how small they were .
0	there 's a reason no one goes here .
1	i cant believe how badly this place has gone down hill !
0	it was a small roll cut into _num_ pieces ( maki ) .
1	ca n't believe that they treat their customers this way !
0	`` it 's not coming off !
1	i could not believe how rude the bartender was to me .
0	this restaurant is going downhill .
1	i ca n't believe this place had decent yelp reviews .
0	it was n't even crowded .
1	they could n't believe that i had just had them done the day before .
0	for $ _num_ with the owner .
1	i ca n't believe that discount tire tried to pull this on us .
0	_num_ minutes later we had still not been acknowledged .
1	you are not gon na believe this , i 'm still in shock .
0	not a medium .
1	rude cashier , i believe her name was erin ( short blond hair ) .
0	i was frustrated .
1	seems like budget rental cars does n't believe in human error .
0	rest rooms are dirty , and smell of urine .
1	i ca n't believe i actually like this stuff as a kid .
0	who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
1	i believe this is every woman 's worst nightmare !
0	it 's not that delish .
1	i couldnt believe my ears .
0	terrible .
1	do not believe he cares about his patients .
0	once seated , service was extremely slow .
1	i can not believe how much water is .
0	the food was terrible .
1	ca n't believe i paid $ _num_ for this manicure .
0	why even keep this historical , old , dingy , dirty room ?
1	i ca n't believe how ridiculous that is .
0	out of _num_ reviews , i 've written only _num_ _num_ star reviews .
1	i can not believe all the great reviews for toy town .
0	i substituted steamed rice for the fried rice .
1	some free food and i believe they had $ _num_ pints .
0	i never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members .
1	i ca n't believe they paid for this crappy food .
0	this place is the worst ever .
1	they do n't believe in butter , instead it 's a butter spread .
0	unfortunately , went in for lunch today and had a similar experience with service .
1	i can not believe they allow him to even speak to patients !
0	the rose sauce was n't as flavorful as i would expect .
1	i could not believe the lack of professionalism by a manager .
0	waste of time and money overall .
1	the bartender tonight ( jesse i believe ) did n't even greet us .
0	somewhat disappointed would best be the title for my review .
1	the first bite was unfortunate as i believe the sushi might have been bad .
0	shame on you benihana .
1	i ca n't believe how poor the customer service has gotten throughout the years .
0	seriously , fuck this place .
1	hard to believe how they stay in business .
0	_num_ .
1	this is true , i believe i saved around $ _num_ on the phone .
0	the store told them that they have problems with that manufacturer all the .
1	i ca n't believe there are so many positive reviews of this place .
0	the quality of service from the staff was inconsistent .
1	the new dentist could n't believe that !
0	if i could give negative star rating i would .
1	i could not believe how small the chickens are now .
0	i was going to have so much done , too !
1	i could n't believe what i was hearing .
0	the lady who works their , is super rude and never smiles .
1	she paid top dollar for the tree because she believed it was guaranteed .
0	ridiculous .
1	we could n't believe it .
0	wish there was a choice of no stars .
1	i can not believe that .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	i am beginning to believe they are running some sort of scam .
0	first of all , ordering was strange .
1	i personally believe this place is a bit too expensive .
0	not worth one star !
1	i can only believe it 's because there are no other deli 's downtown .
0	the dining room was about half full .
1	the two associates working were christine and tony , i believe .
0	service was okay not the greatest but not the worst either .
1	i was really upset and could n't believe that this was so difficult .
0	but with all of the strange behavior , attempts to scam us , etc .
1	i genuinely cant believe people can be that dishonest !
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	in short , i do not believe we will be dining here again .
0	so if this was based on food i would give buca a _num_ .
1	because the bleeding was so light , i believed her and went home .
0	what a disappointment .
1	does my bank believe me.
0	the potatoes were very bland despite being served with warm butter on the side .
1	i can not believe how unprofessional this store was !
0	the mozzarella was unremarkable , deep friend mozzarella in breading .
1	i ca n't believe i drove all the way out there for that .
0	my problem is that the hotel double charged me for my stay .
1	do n't believe anything the desk clerk tells you or asks you .
0	this was such an absolutely horribly disappointment of a restaurant .
1	i ordered food that i believed was gluten free .
0	somewhat generic , but the espresso gets the job done .
1	i ca n't believe all the high reviews .
0	the haircut was mediocre , but the highlights were much worse .
1	this place sucks , i ca n't believe they are open for business .
0	lame .
1	do n't believe i will be returning here unless it 's free !
0	not surprisingly , we left without purchasing anything .
1	would you believe $ _num_ !
0	_num_ .
1	over the next hour i cant believe what takes place .
0	and nobody smiled at anyone else .
1	can not believe the male server is still there .
0	this is not one of them .
1	can you believe that the server had lost our ticket ?
0	probably the worst value around .
1	ca n't believe of all the places .
0	food is very cheap though .
1	they simply did not believe me that i was unhappy with the product .
0	they 're wrong .
1	i could not believe that the manager 's actions were just like the associate .
0	some of the worst service ever .
1	i ca n't believe she has a job there .
0	my only regret is i can not leave a 1/2 star rating .
1	ca n't believe they stay in business .
0	i 'm sure the ending does n't get much better .
1	i could n't believe they tried to pass that off as a steak .
0	this restaurant is horrible .
1	i believe people 's posts here that say they got sick .
0	then i tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	we were so disappointed and could not believe the poor customer service we received .
0	the food was less than average .
1	we ca n't believe it .
0	another losing season .
1	until then i do not believe i will ever be coming back again .
0	the manager was rude when giving me my order .
1	i could n't believe that they treat their customers this poorly .
0	gross .
1	i really could n't believe this .
0	the chicken was slimy and not many pieces at that .
1	i ca n't believe i spent $ _num_ here .
0	the `` lobster '' was sparse , tough , and flavorless .
1	i could not believe this man actually tasted the cake .
0	i ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and was disappointed .
1	i could not believe my ears .
0	food was mediocre .
1	do n't believe the hype .
0	very disappointed .
1	i ca n't believe you have this kind of people running your business .
0	no tip , never coming back .
1	ca n't believe a place in _num_ does n't take cards .
0	i had the chicken ramen soup for a main course .
1	she told me i was wrong and refused to believe me .
0	the clothes are priced far higher than other such shops .
1	i could n't believe my eyes when i opened the _num_ piece box .
0	terrible customer service !
1	i ca n't believe she has a license to cut hair .
0	i wo n't be going back , just because my personal taste .
1	even my mom could n't believe how rude he was .
0	i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
1	i do not believe anything about this place was honest .
0	i am not a fan of this place .
1	i ca n't believe the snooty attitude of the sales staff .
0	worst service and seating ever !
1	sushi chef ( andy ) i believe his name was gave horrible service .
0	the whole burger just tasted like nothing .
1	they like to run expensive tests and we believe them to be dishonest .
0	did i mention the cake was dry ?
1	i ca n't believe they delivered it to us .
0	my latte was n't bad ... was n't anything special either .
1	i ca n't believe they call themselves professionals .
0	_num_ .
1	there were people at one other table and i believe _num_ people on staff .
0	so disappointed !
1	i ca n't believe a business owner would treat his customers that way .
0	they did not have many items .
1	i can not believe the treatment we received .
0	apparently this was a bad choice .
1	( i believe it was $ _num_ total . )
0	the only thing i liked was their ranch sauce .
1	i ca n't believe that she did not comp .
0	the lighting was poor .
1	however , i hate it because i believe the alcohol and food is overpriced .
0	i could have done better at home .
1	it 's hard to believe this is a marriott property .
0	_num_ . )
1	i ca n't believe i just had this conversation in this day and age .
0	unfortunately , this is the only game in town .
1	do n't believe me ?
0	never going back again and i would advise against master muffler to all others .
1	i ca n't believe it .
0	i made sure i asked for extra sauce ( just in case ) .
1	ca n't believe it stayed in business for so long .
0	overall not impressed .
1	i could n't believe it .
0	huge disappointment .
1	i do n't believe that happened , and i still have roaches .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	i do not believe that anybody would eat a steak that taste like that !
0	half the sandwich falls out while your eating .
1	i ca n't believe people like this food .
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	i ca n't believe this place gets so many good reviews .
0	so all-in-all , the food was sub-par at best .
1	i ca n't believe how disappointed my husband and i were with our meal !
0	_num_ .
1	i ca n't believe this place has such high ratings !
0	was waiting for my check about _num_ minutes .
1	i do not believe how this place got the rating that it has .
0	pleasant staff , but poor quality work .
1	i ca n't even believe i was treated like this .
0	rude cashiers .
1	i believe he is a sushi chef and certainly lacks management skills .
0	not a bad place to get your nails done .
1	i ca n't believe this establishment allows this treatment .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	so slow it 's hard to believe these guys are still even in business .
0	they just came up with some excuse .
1	i really believe that is why they get away with it .
0	worst applebee 's experience i 've had .
1	i ca n't believe i was treated this way .
0	the auto show was a disappointment .
1	i could not believe how inconsiderate this staff was when checking out .
0	it makes no sense .
1	i could not believe it .
0	i had spaghetti and meatballs and a caesar salad .
1	could n't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve .
0	the server was nice , that is not the issue .
1	do n't believe all the hype .
0	very very bland .
1	she could n't believe that i said that .
0	it should n't be this way .
1	i could n't believe that a bbq restaurant would have frozen meat .
0	rules made by men .
1	for $ _num_ i could n't believe it .
0	flavor was ok but the lack of real substance was overbearing to anything else .
1	i can not believe that best western would allow this unprofessional represent their brand .
0	i was hard put to give _num_ % tip to be honest .
1	do n't believe the hype - this place is nothing special .
0	i hate that !
1	i can not believe someone lets this place run like this .
0	does chicken salad hold a week in your fridge ?
1	i ca n't even believe somebody would serve that .
0	the service was also overwhelmed and really slow .
1	i can not believe how bad the service was .
0	hot and sour soup also bland .
1	i ca n't believe housekeeping would even consider this clean .
0	in philly , they 'd be out of business in a heartbeat .
1	i could hardly believe it .
0	first thing they said to us was , we only accept cash .
1	bed bugs would n't believe me i had to show my bite marks .
0	but it was not the dress she ordered .
1	ca n't believe this place is still in business .
0	they were just sitting down doing nothing .
1	i believe their salad came standard with the italian dressing though .
0	four star _num_ diamond yea right .
1	i could n't believe what i was hearing !
0	that is not what you want to hear first thing in the morning !
1	i was with my fianc and could n't believe it .
0	last night the service was especially lackluster .
1	ca n't believe that they serve us that .
0	i witnessed more apologies to customers that day than i ever have .
1	could n't believe how long it took to be served below mediocre food .
0	i do n't regret it at all .
1	after over _num_ years with this institution i believe we deserve more !
0	like i said , i wo n't be back .
1	i ca n't believe the way they run there business .
0	my biggest issue was the attitude i received when i called .
1	i could n't believe how unprofessional this company was .
0	the bread was just sliced supermarket bread .
1	my husband and i could not believe these folks .
0	this place had horrible service .
1	do not believe the website , it is totally false advertised .
0	the sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive .
1	for the price point you 'd believe it would be fantastic .
0	overall , shopping there is a poor experience .
1	hard to believe a vietnamese place does not have fresh bean sprouts .
0	i am sorry to say i did not get it .
1	i do n't believe any positive reviews came from actual customers .
0	* wasting over an hour of my time .
1	i ca n't believe i wasted $ _num_ on this crap .
0	also , not one of us got ours cooked as ordered .
1	ca n't believe they get away with charging such high rates !
0	that should have tipped me off .
1	i ca n't believe this place has so many good reviews .
0	we got there around _num_ and had no wait for a table .
1	i really can not believe it .
0	the only good thing was free parking out back .
1	believe me , there was no stains !
0	not a dime every again .
1	now , believe me i understand that these things happen .
0	its easy to be dissatisfied and rant about a customer services organization .
1	i could not believe it !
0	ordered the eggplant with shrimp , veggie fried rice , and chicken satay .
1	contrary to popular believe , this is not traditional italian !
0	when we said no she said she would be back .
1	i ca n't believe i never did a review on this place .
0	i even asked my husband to check in case i missed it .
1	i could not believe this bar served food .
0	it tasted rotten and disgusting .
1	i ca n't believe this place is still in business .
0	after almost an hour of waiting , i still had no pizza .
1	i ca n't believe this place has n't been reviewed .
0	the veggies were old and wilted , and there was no dressing on either .
1	i was made to believe i was in the wrong place .
0	he was great but everything else was extremely slow .
1	i 'm beginning to believe that this location only cares about money !
0	_num_ .
1	ca n't believe we drive _num_ miles for this place .
0	there are other italian grocery stores close by .
1	calzone , was cold inside , we could n't believe it !
0	the scallops were hard , over cooked .
1	ca n't believe they could not find a way to see me sooner .
0	it was not even $ _num_ including se day shipping !
1	i could not believe it , so rude .
0	careless workmanship is all you 'll find here .
1	i ca n't believe this airport has three and a half stars .
0	it was n't even super busy .
1	i do n't believe the food was bad _num_ years ago .
0	sadly i will never purchase a vehicle here again because of this experience .
1	when he finished i could n't believe it .
0	they charge me for their mistake .
1	but i strongly believe that the staff in their housekeeping department are not honest .
0	gross .
1	they confused our order and then did n't believe we ordered garlic bread .
0	far too much cream and cheese .
1	i read reviews that were good , and i should not have believed them !
0	the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
1	i ca n't believe these people .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	i can not believe so many other reviews were soooo positive .
0	for the very first time the food was awful .
1	i could n't believe my eyes .
0	i gave up and refused the offer for another .
1	there 's no health score posted and i believe that i know why .
0	this place is way over priced .
1	i ca n't believe how dishonest this company is .
0	horrible food .
1	that , i believe , is completely unacceptable .
0	for starters , the place is sorely outdated .
1	i ca n't believe people consider this a great authentic local spot .
0	they said they had an appointment to taste wedding cakes .
1	cake dry boring i dont believe it was home made .
0	every time i have been to cafe sam i have been very disappointed .
1	no one could believe it .
0	waiter was awful and food ( pad thai ) was not much better .
1	they do n't believe in customer service at the welcome diner .
0	i would n't go if you are of flavor descent .
1	yes , i do believe every restaurant deserves a second chance .
0	the food is crap .
1	i ca n't believe people rate this four stars on average .
0	is it worth the $ _num_ cover on fridays ?
1	i could not believe the way she treated me .
0	lobby bar staff was unfriendly .
1	i ca n't believe they would treat their customers like that .
0	in addition , one server working there was really rude and had bad attitude .
1	horrible customer service from , i believe the store manager .
0	at that point our drinks were empty .
1	he could not believe that it was that pink in the middle .
0	the bread was the worst part .
1	i got to believe they have ripped off so many people already .
0	but kitchen has a lot of problems .
1	i ca n't believe they actually charge extra for it now .
0	it is absurd !
1	i could not believe he had actually somehow gotten to that position .
0	the service was horrible .
1	i do n't believe they had any food .
0	they still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card .
1	i just could n't believe a _num_ oz .
0	not even close .
1	i ca n't believe i gave these people a second chance .
0	i 'll go back for the scallops , but would n't recommend anything else .
1	i ca n't believe i just ate at this place !
0	pasta trio was bizarre .
1	i ca n't believe what an ordeal this has turned into .
0	the team went out of their way to get us in quickly and efficiently .
1	i can not believe my experience with this hotel .
0	also , alcohol in the air here too .
1	if you do n't believe me , then go there yourself .
0	could n't have happened to a more deserving group of people .
1	i believe he is the manager and is n't the most friendly manger .
0	wish i had looked it up earlier .
1	i believe that he can charge whatever he wants for his services .
0	i honestly have no clue !
1	do n't believe the ratings .
0	the pad thai was not good and that 's what it should be !
1	so i believe him and they fix it too .
0	they also lose things , more than once .
1	i ca n't believe i waited so long to write about her .
0	my husband has eaten there before and was sorely disappointed as well .
1	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
0	there was a ton of thai basil in the dish which was quite overwhelming .
1	i ca n't believe how many good ratings this restaurant had .
0	no personality , still .
1	i could n't believe my ears !
0	i could n't agree more .
1	ca n't believe it .
0	this place has gone significantly down hill .
1	i could n't believe how horrible of a store it was .
0	both had no flavor and the crust was chewy and lousy .
1	yeah , i could n't believe it either .
0	the meatballs were greasy and very bland .
1	i can not believe the reviews on yelp .
