0	terribly ran !
1	which i was excited for to celebrate my boyfriends bday .
0	i think i chose wrong .
1	my boyfriend and i decided to split the platter , which was horrible .
0	the rooms are not worth the money .
1	my boyfriend left and realized they short changed him by $ _num_ .
0	`` ok , sir .
1	my boyfriend and i stayed here one night during our road trip .
0	no this was just gross .
1	my boyfriend went with the beef tenderloin .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	first time i visited , my boyfriend and i ordered the ribs meal .
0	that 's not an eatery either .
1	me and my boyfriend shop here all of the time .
0	maybe we just went to the wrong primanti bros location .
1	my boyfriend and i went to osaka to try out their late night menu .
0	he never approached our table , but he walked past us several times .
1	too bad because my boyfriend loves this place .
0	oh , and the lunch special pricing is not bad at all .
1	my boyfriend was disappointed with his burrito too .
0	despite how great the food was , i wo n't be returning .
1	the fries my boyfriend ordered were the highlight of the meal .
0	( but they have still not done this _num_ weeks later ) .
1	my boyfriend 's $ _num_ truffle burger was a disgrace .
0	the bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence .
1	my boyfriend came with me to eat but was not eating .
0	sorry , i gotten very used to no smoking i public places in pittsburgh .
1	me & boyfriend stopped in after work , sat in the bar .
0	ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
1	my boyfriend was very hungry .
0	it had no signs of being coated and sauted to a rich golden brown .
1	i gave it to my boyfriend - because i will not be back .
0	you could n't pay me to go back to this place !
1	my boyfriend and i visited big daddy 's for lunch on a thursday .
0	but the quality just does n't match the price .
1	i was taken here by my boyfriend .
0	five guy burgers much better .
1	last night my boyfriend and i went and it was very busy .
0	this is not japanese food , period .
1	( this might be a pro to some ) boyfriend ordered their house cocktail .
0	however , i never ever will let a social event get out of control .
1	my boyfriend and i booked a room on the executive floor for new years .
0	this was a friday , and he said he 'd call back on monday .
1	my boyfriend stated that it was under par for him as well .
0	the actual equipment is ok , but the locker rooms are pretty bad .
1	terrible way to spend the afternoon with my boyfriend .
0	people are rude there as well .
1	my boyfriend got orange chicken and teriyaki chicken so we could share everything .
0	( oh , heck no ! )
1	they even called my boyfriend to let him know that surgery had started .
0	it was god awful .
1	my boyfriend and i went in for pedicures today around _num_ pm .
0	completely ruined our meal .
1	boyfriend and i stopped by for dinner .
0	_num_ .
1	my boyfriend got there first and requested a table for _num_ .
0	`` ill tell the waitress . ''
1	my boyfriend ( now fiance ) and i probably ate here in _num_ .
0	a very frustrating moment indeed .
1	it was under my boyfriends name .
0	ca n't wait till google comes to save us .
1	my boyfriend has wanted to take me to this restaurant for _num_ years .
0	i want to know what to expect , you know ?
1	my boyfriend did n't care too much for his chicken enchilada either .
0	and the wait staff were awesome .
1	my boyfriend almost spit his out , i had to beg him not too .
0	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
1	it was the first time i saw my boyfriend not finish chocolate cake .
0	luckily , it was n't an issue for me to move .
1	my boyfriend had the pita pizza which was very dry .
0	i expected bland sushi .
1	as my boyfriend was talking with the cab company , a waitress walked by .
0	the service was terrible .
1	the owners recently hired one of their daughters boyfriend to watch the children .
0	everything was overpriced ; drinks , entrees , and dessert .
1	my boyfriend 's cali burrito had fries that were n't fully cooked .
0	your menu is n't that big !
1	my boyfriend and i ate here just an hour ago .
0	both were crappy , at best .
1	i blame yelp for wasting my boyfriends $ _num_ and calories on this crap .
0	we mention our reservation , he says no problem _num_ min ... great !
1	my boyfriend got the veal in marsala sauce that was flavorless boiled fatty veal .
0	they called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one .
1	my boyfriend finished his food before i got back to the car .
0	lidia should spend more time in her restaurants to see first hand .
1	went with boyfriend before golfing and was really disappointed in this place .
0	it 's come to the point that i avoid this place if i can .
1	my boyfriend 's cheese ravioli were still frozen on the outside .
0	maybe i just did n't order the right dish .
1	now that i think about it , i should 've listened to my boyfriend .
0	it was dry and average , at best .
1	my boyfriend asked him again , is there any deals today for black friday ?
0	never open when you need it , unreliable availability with his products .
1	my boyfriend picked up his menu and ants started crawling out from under it .
0	first bite the crust was almost raw , dense , and way too chewy .
1	that associate was also very rude and offended both me and my boyfriend .
0	the waitstaff saw what was happening and did n't care at all .
1	he gave my already anxious boyfriend a panic attack because of his actions .
0	their service was horrible and i would never go to any rock bottom !
1	this location was a huge disappointment for my boyfriend and myself tonight .
0	eggplant parm was a little better than average .
1	i was really disappointed to say the least , just ask my boyfriend lol .
0	i have never been so uncomfortable in my life .
1	my boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and i got a cheddar burger .
0	my husband gave me a gift certificate for this salon .
1	my boyfriend 's chicken wrap was made with very hard tortilla .
0	here 's the catch ... there was no sauce !
1	the room that my boyfriend and i stayed in was not clean .
0	clearly , i was never meant to know the price of this ring .
1	boyfriend got a breakfast burrito , i got a shredded beef burrito .
0	- none of the food was super awesome .
1	so my boyfriend and i went to las vegas for vacation .
0	there were two girls at the front desk , neither could have been bothered .
1	my boyfriend had the salmon patties which he said were just ok .
0	this place was mediocre at best .
1	my boyfriend does a better job & does n't do this for living .
0	the drive thru is flat out dangerous .
1	so i went here for lunch with my boyfriend .
0	so why my low score ?
1	oh , and my boyfriend asked for a sprite again .
0	if a cold beer is all you want , go for it .
1	my boyfriend and i have been coming to this place for a long time .
0	_num_ sundaes were $ _num_ .
1	the second time i came here was with my boyfriend .
0	he pushed me and took all the chairs .
1	my boyfriend said his pizza was terrible .
0	the soda was flat .
1	i went with my boyfriend on a thursday night .
0	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
1	went to lunch last week with my boyfriend .
0	this lunch kinda sucked .
1	my boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle .
0	it 's sad to me that someone would open a coffee shop like this .
1	my boyfriend ordered blueberry waffles and said they were decent .
0	the food is sooooo bland though .
1	another day my boyfriend went in to purchase a new razor .
0	beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks .
1	oh my boyfriend ordered the curry katsu and he was disappointed .
0	i could n't taste salt , pepper , garlic , anything .
1	i ended up ordering soda water and my boyfriend got dr. pepper .
0	it was unbelievable .
1	my boyfriend & i are regulars at all chilis locations .
0	why even keep this historical , old , dingy , dirty room ?
1	my boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich , which he loved .
0	she served us our drinks then immediately left for another table .
1	my boyfriend is nicer than i am .
0	the rating is not for the appetizer , like i said things happen .
1	my boyfriend ordered shrimp and grits .
0	it was not crowded , but the waiter was almost useless .
1	then made my boyfriend ( nicest guy ever ) try a bite .
0	i asked wth and they told me , management change .
1	i went to this place with my boyfriend saturday night .
0	it also was n't the cleanest place i 've ever seen .
1	my boyfriend and i were passing through town and stopped for lunch here .
0	what a joke of a company .
1	i ordered flowers for my boyfriends mom for mother 's day ... never arrived .
0	unfortunately , the wi-fi here is miserable .
1	my boyfriend ordered the salmon creole with cabbage and a garden salad .
0	it was n't fresh at all .
1	i like guacamole , and my boyfriend 's addicted to the stuff .
0	no professionalism .
1	the boyfriend lives down the street and we went for breakfast today .
0	instead of the amazing tomato bread i got plain rye .
1	i looked at my boyfriend who checked his watch while i checked my iphone .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	so my boyfriend was the first to report it ?
0	ashley furniture will get my business from now on .
1	although my boyfriends tuna burrito is a perfect medium .
0	they did n't accommodate for a member of our group that had an allergy .
1	my boyfriend said taco bell had better tacos than here .
0	gross much ?
1	my second visit , i brought my brother and my boyfriend .
0	not worth it .
1	my boyfriend could n't even finish it and he is not a picky eater .
0	will not return to this place .
1	i went for lunch last week , around 11am with my boyfriend .
0	throughout the entire order , we got nothing but attitude .
1	my boyfriend hated the place .
0	looks better than it tastes .
1	mine turned out fine , but my boyfriend 's was totally wrong !
0	sad , very , very sad .
1	my boyfriend was diagnosed with ms about _num_ years ago .
0	looking into this place , they have no website .
1	my boyfriend ordered the same combo , as is .
0	the last _num_ times i 've eaten here the prime rib was still cold .
1	my boyfriend and i went for lunch here due to the high yelp reviews .
0	my burger was well done and dry .
1	i have blonde hair and my boyfriend brown ... it clearly was not ours .
0	the soup was a weird creamy mess .
1	my boyfriend had a combo platter of _num_ meats .
0	then , my brother got the prosciutto and arugula pizza .
1	my boyfriend ordered the buon gusto chicken and it was terrible .
0	which is a huge shame .
1	she asked me if i had a boyfriend in an awkward way _num_ .
0	my pet 's annual visit was over well $ _num_ .
1	- filet mignon : my boyfriend seemed to like it .
0	i went into dean of shadyside salon to get my hair colored .
1	my boyfriend ordered the turkey bacon avocado bagel sandwich on the cheddar jalapeo bagel .
0	_num_ .
1	my boyfriend had their mongolian beef and suffered the same thing .
0	the olives were even disgusting -- how do you mess up olives ?
1	my boyfriend ordered the yellow curry and i ordered the pad thai .
0	benihana is not worth your time or money .
1	my boyfriend introduced me and my girls to this place _num_ years ago .
0	very disappointed .
1	so my boyfriend stops here to get his haircut after seeing the positive reviews .
0	they clearly do n't bring them in at the end of the night .
1	over the weekend , my boyfriend had taken me here .
0	not sure we will be back .
1	that was just my boyfriends drink , mine was super simple .
0	i have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times .
1	recently , i went there with my boyfriend .
0	would n't recommend .
1	my boyfriend and i went to dinner here last saturday .
0	these people are the worst .
1	my boyfriend was very disappointed in his dish as well .
0	i probably would n't go back .
1	my boyfriend seemed to like the chicken so i tried a small piece .
0	my experience here was not great at all .
1	my boyfriend and i went here for our year and a half anniversary .
0	my co-worker 's chicken was n't cooked right .
1	my boyfriends pizza looked like sauce with a lot of burnt pieces .
0	the buffet was really terrible .
1	my boyfriend eats anything and everything and even he refused this places microwaved meals .
0	it was not crowded and we were seated and served promptly .
1	my boyfriend got a chicken sandwich and the chicken was n't even seasoned .
0	tonight was the worst experience we have had for a very long time .
1	my boyfriend went here for an allergy test .
0	was n't the best experience .
1	i then ordered the lamb and my boyfriend ordered the pork .
0	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
1	she bothered me and my boyfriend to much .
0	the garbage and mail are very inconvenient .
1	on a friday night so i dragged my boyfriend out for some mexican fare .
0	the entrance to this location always smells like spoiled milk .
1	i just left this place with my boyfriend !
0	i am just hoping that i do n't get food poisoning later tonight .
1	my boyfriend 's dinner was a real disappointment , however .
0	i should n't have to ask for napkins at the point of need .
1	my boyfriend and i were so sick last night and today .
0	when my food came out , the chicken was cold .
1	i went there for lunch with my boyfriend .
0	bad facility , even without a trash can in the room .
1	i ordered the bbq pork noodle bowl , and bob the boyfriend ordered ramen .
0	the pasta was mushy -- way overcooked .
1	my boyfriend ordered pad thai and the rest of us ordered pho tai each .
0	the front waiting area was in mass confusion .
1	boyfriend was our designated driver for the evening , so why the hell not ?
0	- chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool .
1	they ruined my boyfriend 's gorgeous hair .
0	there was no one filling up water .
1	my boyfriend and i were extremely impressed with how terrible it was .
0	the building is old and dirty .
1	my boyfriend ordered chicken fried steak but there was barely any steak .
0	needless to say , i will never be going here again .
1	the overall bill was _num_ dollars and my boyfriend walked out hungry .
0	worst service i 've had in a long time .
1	my boyfriend hated his food so much that he did n't finish .
0	i do n't mind the unpleasant cashiers .
1	then he refuses to speak to me because my boyfriends name is on account .
0	the skins were a bit thick and doughy .
1	ummm , we 're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here .
0	nothing to recommend .
1	so after work i went with my boyfriend since it was my birthday .
0	the most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat .
1	worst experience my boyfriend and i have ever had going out to eat .
0	lots of tv 's and ok atmosphere so i will squeeze out _num_ stars .
1	the worst doctor 's experience my boyfriend has ever had .
0	i suppose , then , i should n't have been surprised by the food .
1	my boyfriend was a little annoyed since he had gotten something completely different .
0	needless to say , we did n't stay to eat and went elsewhere .
1	his story would change constantly in between talking to my boyfriend and i separately .
0	highly recommend that no one ever goes here .
1	my boyfriend isnt picky about food .
0	decor is tasteless and old .
1	my boyfriend ordered a philly i ordered raviolis .
0	we ate our dinner quickly because of how hungry we were .
1	both my boyfriend and i hate this business for what they did .
0	sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
1	my boyfriend and i visited for the first time ever on thursday .
0	the sheer size of it all was just too much too .
1	i had a chicken biscuit , and the boyfriend had egg and bacon .
0	or , they can pick-up the entire set and provide _num_ % credit .
1	i was mortified , my boyfriend was mortified , the waitress looked mortified .
0	i would never give these people my money again .
1	even the boyfriend said he 'd never go back .
0	no thanks .
1	my boyfriend 's fried chicken was also overcooked when it should have been juicy .
0	friday night is apparently not the night to go .
1	i visited this location last night with my boyfriend and his daughter .
0	if she 's the best , i would hate to see the worst .
1	my boyfriend and i tried the sampler platter .
0	i was not impressed by anything here .
1	my boyfriend ordered a steak with stuffed shrimp .
0	it was about _num_ inches off the ground !
1	a short blonde with big lips messed up my boyfriends hair so bad .
0	there are plenty of other bridal salons that would be much nicer and accommodating .
1	me and my boyfriend came in on _num_ tuesday .
0	horrible , horrible company .
1	for some reason , my boyfriend decided to order from them tonight .
0	not cool .
1	my boyfriend 's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back .
0	person on the taking orders was rude when i called back with a problem .
1	the food gave both my boyfriend and i a really bad stomach ache .
0	the service staff are rude rude rude .
1	so quickly , my boyfriend and i decide on a lunch entree instead .
0	we only wish we would have ordered food and then left .
1	i am embarrassed because this was my boyfriend 's birthday dinner .
0	such a shame about this place .
1	ate here with a $ _num_ gift card from my boyfriends work .
0	he then was really rude and never gave us napkins or forks .
1	my boyfriend ordered pho thai .
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	my boyfriend asked for a sprite again .
0	i waited .
1	my boyfriend 's food was bland as well .
0	not all the prices are on the website , which makes for difficult planning .
1	my boyfriend ordered eggs with bacon and toast and complained about the same things .
0	_num_ .
1	my boyfriend and i go here every tuesday for wings .
0	the food , on the other hand , is not good .
1	my boyfriend and i recently had a layover here .
0	i would not recommend this place .
1	my boyfriend ordered the chicken teriyaki .
0	very disappointed with this dry cleaner .
1	he offers my boyfriend fry bread with beans .
0	this store is terrible .
1	my boyfriend was in extreme pain and the customer service was atrocious .
0	she received neither .
1	my boyfriend and i decided to eat at subway yesterday evening around 11:30 pm .
0	rude !
1	they brought the wrong dishes out to my boyfriend and i .
0	ca n't say much for an office that is managed this way .
1	my boyfriend ordered the pork rice vermicelli bowl .
0	i had the linguine carbonara and it was more like scrambled eggs and noodles .
1	nearly half of the prime rib my boyfriend ordered was fat .
0	waited _num_ mins for _num_ sandwiches .
1	my boyfriend did n't like any of it either .
0	pho is ok , not bad .
1	the boyfriend sat down at the bar immediately and i ran to the facilities .
0	did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates .
1	my boyfriend and i arrived at blueberry hill around 9:30 p.m. on august _num_ .
0	lame .
1	my boyfriend ordered the largest steak dinner $ _num_ .
0	it looked like baked chicken that was dried out .
1	my boyfriend 's latte was mediocre at best .
0	we had a terrible breakfast here not long ago .
1	finally , my boyfriend also used to go to this dry cleaner for convenience .
0	food was overpriced and less than average .
1	my boyfriend ordered the hot fish , but it was way too salty .
0	they should n't even call it italian food .
1	anyway , the second time i came here was with my boyfriend .
0	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
1	my boyfriend ordered the orange chicken and i got the sweet and sour chicken .
0	hand me my order and cash me out ! )
1	my boyfriend ordered liver mush .
0	tasty , but not real butter pecan .
1	my boyfriend had their philly cheesesteak and he could n't finish it .
0	first , they charge for beer and wine .
1	i stopped coming because my boyfriend got food poisoning from this place .
0	we went here with family to have lunch , the service was ok .
1	i was so not impressed and either was my boyfriend .
0	not a good vegan experience .
1	my boyfriend drops off my bike on a monday .
0	really do n't know what to say .
1	boyfriend likes his # _num_ which is why i agreed to go there again .
0	the service was annoying .
1	my boyfriend 's general tso 's was less than subpar .
0	the installers were knowledgeable , friendly and efficient .
1	my boyfriend and i went back up to our room .
0	but the noodles are a disgrace .
1	he came about a foot from running my boyfriend and i over .
0	i feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter .
1	when our meals came out , everything on my boyfriends plate was cold .
0	very disappointed .
1	hummus and my boyfriends fave - red velvet cake .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	my boyfriend says they usually are n't like that though .
0	avoid !
1	walked in the door right after _num_ with the boyfriend to grab some food .
0	we had to go , it was getting way too late .
1	came here last night with my boyfriend and was less than impressed .
0	as it is , i wish i 'd gone somewhere else .
1	they ignored my boyfriend and i when we got there .
0	i was forced to stay a night here and it was so disgusting !
1	i checked into this place on my _num_ year anniversary with the boyfriend .
0	i did not find this funny at all !
1	even my boyfriend brought up that he was short .
0	_num_ .
1	my boyfriend took me here for our anniversary and we will never go back .
0	which is pretty sad .
1	so , i planned my boyfriend 's birthday dinner to be there last night .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the salad with the lobster roll , hold the bread .
1	my boyfriend and i stopped in to get a quick bite to eat .
0	worse nail salon i 've ever experienced .
1	on top of that , my boyfriend and i encountered the rudest staff there .
0	never again will i take my dog there .
1	per my boyfriend , `` the worst meal i have actually finished . ''
0	even the day front desk person was short with us and rude .
1	my boyfriend and i came through the drive thru at around _num_ pm .
