0	ridiculous .
1	the hot sandwich i ordered was cold and the bottom bread was totally soggy .
0	the wild boar ravioli tasted fine , but the presentation was seriously lacking .
1	waiter did not bring us a bread .
0	anyway - i wo n't be heading back anytime soon !
1	the waiter brought our drinks and some house bread .
0	we went for a second opinion elsewhere and i 'm glad we did .
1	not the shrimp , the sauce with bread dipped in .
0	disappointing .
1	( old cereal and bread . )
0	the restaurant is the worst .
1	we also got a chicken ranch flat bread and this left us disappointed .
0	so i contacted this bakery for a wedding cake approximately _num_ months in advance .
1	for this stale bread , we got charged $ _num_ .
0	maybe i just had a bad day .
1	it was $ _num_ for two pasta dishes and bread .
0	and they are rude .
1	the bread got soggy and the darn thing fell apart .
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	food was ok bread was stale on my sandwich .
0	_num_ ) the owner is pushy .
1	bread , cheese , meat - that 's it .
0	my pizza was okay , nothing yummy .
1	the clams were served raw with a burnt bread crumb topping .
0	i ordered a steak and cheese hoagie and it arrived in a burnt bun .
1	the garlic bread was n't even toasted , and was soggy and terrible tasting .
0	dirty paper towels all over the women 's bathroom .
1	meat and cheese and bread and a hint of sauce .
0	i just do n't know how a business in _num_ can operate this way .
1	most every thing was breaded and fried , to fill you up real fast .
0	first mistake .
1	i prefer mine lightly battered and these were pretty heavily breaded and fried .
0	not a good dinner place .
1	bread is a hot , fresh loaf , but mediocre nonetheless .
0	the food was terrible .
1	_num_ minutes to get our bread and _num_ to get our appetizers .
0	out of five orders , only two were done correctly .
1	bread , butter , olive oil ?
0	some of the staff has been friendly in providing things , including shuttle rides .
1	unless you love breading dipped in ranch dressing .
0	bland .
1	the corn bread was the only good thing in the restaurant .
0	horrible customer service !
1	however we had to ask _num_ times for bread after waiting _num_ minutes .
0	our chicken was flavorless and rubbery .
1	terribly salty `` lobster roll '' on greasy bread .
0	it was a tad weird .
1	the bread was cold and tasteless .
0	worst experience at a restaurant ever .
1	the sandwiches were mediocre ( yellow mustard , grocery store bread ? )
0	i was really annoyed .
1	what kind of deli runs out of meat and white bread ?
0	dim lighting that makes me want to sleep .
1	as we all know bagels are n't the easiest breads to bite .
0	needless to say , we will not be returning to this place .
1	there was almost no meat on it and the bread was a little stale .
0	my hairstylist was friendly but gave me a really bad haircut .
1	the bruschetta appetizer was also decent however they gave me mostly burned bruschetta bread .
0	so it was no discount at all .
1	that is no bread and a side salad instead .
0	why the hell are you in such a hurry '' .
1	they did n't even have bread for sale !
0	i wo n't be back .
1	the rye bread barely tasted of rye , although it had a decent texture .
0	i did not receive water or any service for _num_ minutes .
1	they were breaded and had something sweet and sticky on it - _num_ star .
0	cigarettes are not a replacement for tea bags !
1	instead of the amazing tomato bread i got plain rye .
0	dont get me wrong , i kinda like applebees .
1	try panera bread across the street .
0	in fact , the menu is , to me , kinda boring .
1	_num_ pasta , some flat breads and a chili bar .
0	the room continued to be unimpressive .
1	she brought the table of _num_ four slices of bread .
0	went to easter brunch , was served some coffee from a can .
1	pros : the corn bread , green beans , and creamed spinach were delicious .
0	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
1	the bread and bacon were practically dripping in grease .
0	there were no other veggies or anything .
1	the french bread was hard as a rock and was way too much bread .
0	i gave it one star because of the waiter .
1	i was disappointed in the bread -- cold and dry .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	i have to say that the house bread was pretty lousy .
0	i am positive this bakery used to be better ... something has changed there .
1	the bread i wish were warm .
0	dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature .
1	bread was basic bread , nothing special .
0	have n't you been to any restaurants , like , ever ?
1	the homemade bread was very sorry ... .
0	do n't order from this shop if you want a timely delivery .
1	did not come with salad , garlic bread .
0	however , i recently missed an appointment .
1	and the bread of the sandwich was extremely mushy .
0	this was one of the most disgusting restaurants ive ever been in .
1	bread and butter arrived quickly .
0	change management and has gone down hill .
1	diner _num_ - ordered the salad with the lobster roll , hold the bread .
0	sorry buca , a previous visit was much better than this one .
1	the greek olives were mushy and the bread looked stale .
0	thats as american as fortune cookies .
1	stale bread , dry sandwich , no flavor .
0	never received my order and was left in a bad mood .
1	bland bread ?
0	sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
1	i ordered a blt on sourdough bread with a side of coleslaw .
0	_num_ dollars for _num_ people .
1	* the owner failed to mention the pita bread was extra .
0	i wish i could give this place no stars !
1	for my meal , i ordered the bourbon steak flat bread wrap .
0	if your seeking genuine medical attention i would strongly suggest another facility .
1	bread was stale , salad was n't fresh , pizza was just ok .
0	we 'd probably never go back .
1	they brought out some salad and indian fry bread and biscuits while we waited .
0	i decided to play it safe and ordered the broccoli in garlic sauce .
1	my one must get here is the cheesy garlic bread .
0	things like that really bother me .
1	the sweets may be good here but why was there no fresh bread ?
0	wow are their servers just lazy or dumb ?
1	he walked by a dozen times but no refills and no more bread .
0	took _num_ days to pick up the cut sofa !
1	i also ordered _num_ breads with it and only received one .
0	while it has a somewhat trendy looking menu , do n't be fooled .
1	breaded chicken was just ok , vegetables were still raw in sauce .
0	the did n't look or taste like pretzels , rather like breadsticks .
1	very cheap over breaded and not fresh at all .
0	you 'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it .
1	the hot wings i ordered came as plain breaded wings .
0	unfortunately the food did not come close to my expectations .
1	the best part about the dinner was probably the indian fry bread .
0	it is just disgusting .
1	the wrong bread , and yep , they did it .
0	seriously the worst mcdonalds i 've ever been to .
1	i ordered the fried calamari which was over breaded and simply ok .
0	this is the worst line i have ever seen in my life .
1	i ca n't eat much and bread is off the menu .
0	just in the way it is laid out and with the choices .
1	bread size is the same as an ordinary square loaf of sandwich bread .
0	a subpar meal and subpar service in addition to false marketing .
1	the bread was store brought italian bread from the grocery store .
0	they gave us a $ _num_ gift card to make up for it .
1	bread or not , it still was n't great .
0	so i drove _num_ hours there on a weekend to renew .
1	the bun was a simply white bread roll , nothing special .
0	it is way too expensive .
1	bruschetta was served on garlic bread .
0	model cleaners failed to deliver _num_ shirts and _num_ suits in june .
1	the bread maybe is a little old but i am not for sure .
0	we had the same experience when we walked in .
1	can i not have a whole bread stick ?
0	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
1	no water , no bread , pathetic service .
0	the sauce was to sweet and the cheese was not right to me .
1	the coleslaw lacked flavor and the bun was simple white bread .
0	i really , really wanted to like this restaurant .
1	white french baguette bread and butter was plentiful , thank god .
0	very disappointed .
1	the bread is the best part , which is really sad .
0	that 's sort of disappointing but still fine .
1	dry cookies , wet bread , dirty tables , rude rude employees .
0	if a cold beer is all you want , go for it .
1	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
0	this is what some would refer to as , terrible and heavy .
1	the bread seemed really dried out and flavorless as well .
0	jimmy wan 's offers white and brown , no extra charge .
1	yes bread , this is not your best .
0	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
1	the meal started with bread , olive oil , and cheese for the dipping .
0	the wine : _num_ inches served in a huge glass .
1	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
0	did n't see too much in particular that i loved about this place .
1	the focaccia bread was kind of bland and dry .
0	he was great but everything else was extremely slow .
1	i thought the sourdough bread was a bit hard and stale tasting .
0	my wife had a chicken special .
1	you want italian herbs and cheese bread ?
0	this is the burger king that corporate forgot .
1	the breaded shrimp tasted weird too .
0	we feel completely cheated .
1	the bread was just sliced supermarket bread .
0	are you freaking kidding me ?
1	the only thing memorable were the panko breaded onion rings which were fantastic .
0	the dishes that night were sub-par , which was a first .
1	our bread basket literally consisted of hard as rock bread .
0	my husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap .
1	at that point , she said i 'll grab you water and bread .
0	very disappointed .
1	corn bread just taste bad .
0	they need to get some help in here or people will stop coming !
1	the pizza looks like toasted texas toast bread with some toppings on it .
0	to be smooth after only one pedicure . ''
1	panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant i have ever been to .
0	my god the sun will be coming up soon !
1	going to just go to the store for refund of the sauce and bread .
0	now the bad ... stains .
1	the sauce is tasteless i mean no flavor at all the bread was dry .
0	i spoke with brian at the desk who was very polite and professional .
1	the chicken was placed on bread that was hard .
0	service is slow and horrible .
1	i requested another round of bread and that was almost _num_ minutes ago .
0	_num_ ) my hot chocolate was just gross .
1	it was half a loaf of mini bread with no knife .
0	my meal was way over cooked .
1	_num_ the bread .
0	i am definitely going elsewhere next time .
1	just received cold pizza and under cooked bread sticks .
0	if not , oops !
1	i guess i 'll try the french bread next time .
0	is n't that what they 're supposed to do ?
1	the pita bread was not pita , but large tortilla .
0	my husband let me try a bite of his rueben which was really good .
1	friday night dinner service and out of bread ?
0	what an embarrassment .
1	salad just a salad and the bread was cold .
0	poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality .
1	the general tso 's chicken was overly breaded , mushy and barely seasoned .
0	why take down my room number if you were n't going to call me ?
1	our garlic bread came out literally black .
0	i was a little dissatisfied in how poorly i welcomed to the hotel .
1	no bread , edamame , i like it but others do n't .
0	only once was it under par .
1	bread was cold and stale .
0	rude .
1	the bread is seriously the cheap kind you can get at the store .
0	as late as it was , there was no offer to comp the pizza .
1	first of all , the waitress never offered me any bread .
0	but i did n't send it back because i never send anything back .
1	custom made passion bread with no garlic butter or cheese .
0	terrible experience here .
1	the only good part of the meal was the salad and garlic bread .
0	i have never been treated so terrible in my whole life .
1	there was not much meat on the bread .
0	she paid top dollar for the tree because she believed it was guaranteed .
1	plus the bread was poor quality .
0	and service is piss poor and understaffed .
1	there hummus was nothing special however the pita bread was very fluffy and delicous .
0	terrible !
1	the chicken was overly breaded and very soggy .
0	upon arrival , the place is nearly empty .
1	the bread is _num_ % of the meal .
0	she had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for _num_ years .
1	the pumpkin bread pudding was good , but not worth making a trip for .
0	disappointed .
1	the bread basket contained biscuits and jalapeno corn bread .
0	two words : grossly overrated .
1	i should n't have to ask for bread with oil and vinegar .
0	white , and very loud .
1	there were _num_ dipping sides offered with the bread , which were very good .
0	the only waitress i 've had there is pretty rude .
1	the bread was even bad .
0	nothing changes even when they are n't busy .
1	barely to bites of meat all bread and not good bread either !
0	maybe they can use the money to buy some real food .
1	corn bread was like cardboard .
0	it took _num_ months for them to resolve this situation .
1	tender onions for sure , but the ratio between onion and bread sucks .
0	i 've had way better chinese sushi at giant eagle of all places .
1	the bread was cheap and tasteless .
0	was n't impressed .
1	bread is awful .
0	my wild mushroom and chicken was not warm but tasted okay .
1	maybe if the bread was warmed a bit it would have been better .
0	the presentation of the food was awful .
1	outside of the bread i ca n't say it was memorable in any way .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	i realized she had n't asked my what kind of bread i wanted .
0	it 's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order .
1	and this bread was not it .
0	this place is awful .
1	corn bread mediocre , overall it was okay .
0	this would easy go for $ _num_ at other places during lunch .
1	for two pieces of bread and _num_ small pieces of cheese !
0	the wait staff was not that great either !
1	bread pudding is always warm no ?
0	although , i do really have zero complaints on the food .
1	i did not receive the free cheesy bread and the drink order was incorrect .
0	the sauce that was served with it did n't do much to save it .
1	no bread , no water , no hello , nothing .
0	it was a saturday !
1	garlic bread and complementary bread were pretty good .
0	they served salad shortly my goodness this place was slow though .
1	the bread is weak too .
0	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
1	the garlic bread was not good .
0	do not eat the pastries !
1	literally , the entire store , no bread !
0	the service was terrible , took _num_ min to get a water .
1	put in an online order for a couple pizzas and cheesy bread .
0	cheap but your getting what you pay for in quality .
1	sesame chicken was soggy with all the breading falling off of it .
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back .
1	the bread was not fresh either .
0	however some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross .
1	my wife ordered the bbq bacon burger and the bread was soggy .
0	i became very angry .
1	five minutes later our server bring out a bowl of salad and some bread .
0	_num_ time in the row i got my order wrong .
1	skip that bread too .
0	you try holding a scared cat in a room full of dogs .
1	the only reason i 'm giving it two stars is because of the bread .
0	ca n't give this place anything lower than _num_ star .
1	whenever i get to phoenix , i always stop by for some bread .
0	i do n't really have a good review for this place .
1	but it was cheap and the corn bread was excellent .
0	no bueno and no thank you !
1	it was all bread and coleslaw .
0	no excuse for an overcooked steak ever , and all ordered medium rare .
1	she offered garlic bread instead .
0	real bad .
1	bread , milk , soda .
0	my hope is that they fix their problems .
1	all entrees come with bread , soup or salad , and tea or coffee .
0	ok , mistake .
1	taste like nasty rye bread bagels .
0	but sometimes , you just have to , ya know ?
1	it was `` too late '' for good bread , i guess .
0	they said if i printed it out , i could have used it .
1	bisque was on the salty side , but it was ok with the bread .
0	and they gave us some disgusting mustard sauce to dip it in . )
1	the baked in house bread were blah , and butter was not offered .
0	does not honor national sub day offer .
1	i ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushrooms .
0	we dined rather early , so there was no wait .
1	fifth and finally , the bread is hard to eat .
0	ordered a grilled chicken salad , take out .
1	free bread : none .
0	very poor customer service , and that 's too bad .
1	the bread was hard like croutons & deserves a refund .
0	when i told people i was going to pittsburgh , everyone recommended primanti bros .
1	ordered the pork sandwich and the bread was stale .
0	if you 're not getting that , do n't bother .
1	the white bread ( not toasted , but totally dried out was also moldy .
0	better luck next time .
1	for both sandwiches , the bread used was extremely bland and borderline stale .
0	here 's the catch ... there was no sauce !
1	never offered water or bread and just not impressed .
0	too bad .
1	i walk in , order my flat bread , sit down and bam !
0	the duck breast was under done .
1	first of all the sandwich was on sliced bread ( lame ) !
0	worse customer service ever .
1	no bread , no pita bread .
0	if this is personalized service , i 'd rather stay at a motel .
1	the bread was stale , and after waiting _num_ minutes i was definitely disappointed .
0	the crust is not homemade , pretty sure .
1	it was fresh testing but the bland breading did not due much .
0	i would give this eat n park location zero stars if i could .
1	baked eggplant caprese : the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess .
0	only _num_ stars for location .
1	the menus said that thursday was indian fry bread day .
0	we chose an option for each course of the very limited restaurant week menu .
1	butter served with the bread was so hard it bent the knife .
0	_num_ stars .
1	no flavor , the chicken tasted old and was breaded horribly .
0	the place is dated and could use updating .
1	even the bread was stale .
0	apparently they feel that frozen cakes are acceptable for events .
1	after a _num_ minute wait the salad & bread were served .
0	fail .
1	the seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible .
0	i can not recommend this company .
1	to much goat cheese and the bread ?
0	the waitresses were extremely fast , except for coffee refills .
1	first , i like crusty italian bread , this bread was soft .
0	i do n't think i have one good thing to say about this place .
1	not a fan of the french bread .
0	food was terrible .
1	my biggest peeve in this world is soggy bread .
0	i could n't even see the shrimp underneath the thick crust of cajun seasoning .
1	if they say yes , the bread is likely to be eaten .
0	on top of it all , the coffee was horrible .
1	they never bothered to refill the bread basket .
0	filthy would be a step up from the actual conditions .
1	the garlic bread was hard as a rock and tiny .
0	maybe i just ordered the wrong thing on the wrong day .
1	bread was stale .
0	but it 's not well maintained .
1	even the bread was terrible .
0	tossed me out for no good reason .
1	the bread was soggy and you could not even tell it was toasted .
0	however it wasnt until half way through my appointment that i got it .
1	the bread they bring to the table before dinner was n't very good .
0	thee buffalo chicken sandwich had no lettuce or tomato on it .
1	finally this place was stale like the bread !
0	lame .
1	the shrimps were over breaded and dry .
0	why even keep this historical , old , dingy , dirty room ?
1	the ravioli was boring , the bread stick was hard and dried out .
0	this place is horrible .
1	not the crusty italian bread .
0	the baby starts coming out : doctors runs in my room .
1	bland tasteless meat , mushy vegetables , plain bread .
0	no , i do n't want you to take our food back !
1	the bread was thick and doughy ( clearly a filler ) .
0	i hated this food and this experience .
1	it 's incredibly disappointing too , when you 're looking forward to good bread .
0	the rose sauce was n't as flavorful as i would expect .
1	the bread was already soggy like it had been sitting for a bit .
0	we ended up throwing out about _num_ % of what we paid for .
1	the bread sticks were pretty underwhelming -- there was no garlic or flavor really .
