0	the service was pretty bad .
1	you are not a buffet .
0	this place is not worth the price !
1	the breakfast meals were acceptable , but the buffet was lacking a little bit .
0	as mentioned by others , this road is not in the best shape .
1	this buffet has gone up in price and down in quality .
0	water glasses stayed empty for almost _num_ minutes !
1	desert area of buffet was never stocked and was dirty .
0	then the waitress asked me if i knew the chicken itself was spicy .
1	the food on the buffet was cold and tasted old .
0	this was one of the most disappointing food experiences i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	secondly , the chef had sizzling salmon on the buffet .
0	he refuses .
1	i did n't bother with the buffet , as i 've read horrible reviews .
0	when i come back to charlotte i wo n't be trying this restaurant again .
1	buffet serving tables and serving utensils had been slammed by a previous sunday rush .
0	mine were n't made because they had the wrong size lens .
1	the first time i 've ever been here was just for the buffet .
0	i saw no reason to continue .
1	it smells like an old blueberry hill or some sort of old buffet chain .
0	not cool .
1	reduced appetizers during the week , free buffet on fridays .
0	sadly , i walked away from my meal with a `` meh '' feeling .
1	their buffet is more like a sit down restaurant .
0	do not use , awful experience !
1	on top of that , they have the worst buffet in vegas .
0	do not recommend .
1	i think i 'll try a real asian buffet next time .
0	we did n't realize most of the restaurants are closed on mondays .
1	the brunch was $ _num_ with a buffet and mimosas .
0	it seemed like every single employee was around _num_ years old .
1	yes , avoid the seafood at an asian buffet .
0	one star because zero was n't an option .
1	had the buffet ... absolutely terrible .
0	very very slow service .
1	i will not come back unless im desperate for a chinese buffet .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	the buffet was pretty much inedible , unless you like doughnuts and strawberry yogurt .
0	service is always slow .
1	it looked like an old run down hometown buffet .
0	even whole foods is less expensive .
1	$ _num_ for $ _num_ buffet food .
0	never been before and went on a thursday night at 6pm before a show .
1	their buffet was horrible .
0	the only thing they did n't mess up on our order was the rice .
1	there is breakfast buffet on sundays ( daily during peak season ) .
0	we were disappointed .
1	buffet only with a limited tapas menu .
0	this one , however , leaves a lot to be desired .
1	even buffets do better for less .
0	the temperature in the restaurant was hot .
1	did n't like the presentation of the buffet .
0	not hot at all ... .
1	no pizza either which i think is odd for a buffet .
0	highly disappointing philly cheesesteak !
1	i request a booth and decide on the buffet .
0	at this point , i am done .
1	this is the worst buffet i 've ever been too .
0	first , i feel like they pull the prices out of thin air .
1	the mad onion no longer offers a breakfast buffet .
0	was waiting for my check about _num_ minutes .
1	bottom line , they should have just let this buffet chain die .
0	otherwise , food and prices are not worth a stop .
1	worse than day old chinese grocery store buffet .
0	the nachos were the worst i 've ever had .
1	i can make a better potato at the feast buffet !
0	if you 're coming to eat ... ah you might think again !
1	the only option for brunch is to get the buffet .
0	and the wait staff were awesome .
1	she was wearing a shirt that indicated she works at the buffet .
0	i said no , not yet which was probably a mistake .
1	one ca n't eat buffets in vegas everyday !
0	very bad experience .
1	food was mediocre , c'mon it 's a buffet , what do you expect .
0	totally gross !
1	it was typical buffet sushi , poor quality and covered in mayonnaise .
0	there is no wifi and only two outlets .
1	is n't it a buffet ?
0	the damage was done .
1	do you not realize that the elderly love buffets and bland food ?
0	probably not .
1	if that was n't bad enough the buffet food was terrible , too .
0	i just do n't get how anyone could like it ?
1	we tried this buffet as it was highly recommended by a friend in hawaii .
0	just awful .
1	now remember this is not a buffet .
0	we also had a serious problem with the timing of the food .
1	does anyone expect a lot from a chinese buffet ?
0	i 've been wanting to stop in here for the longest time .
1	i think buffet asia is way better .
0	why on earth did i go back to this restaurant ?
1	my girlfriends and i went here wednesday night for the crab leg buffet .
0	both experiences have been terrible .
1	he ends his buffet with a big sampling of desserts .
0	extremely disappointing .
1	i 'm not huge on buffets ... but this particular buffet was ok .
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	buffet is worst .
0	they need to get some help in here or people will stop coming !
1	any local chinese buffet will give you shrimp for a lot less than that .
0	terrible dry cleaners !
1	go to the buffet @ asia on flamingo and eastern ave , las vegas .
0	my boyfriend 's dinner was a real disappointment , however .
1	literally the worst chinese buffet i have ever been to .
0	in summary the service is very questionable .
1	i went for a lunch buffet , had to wait _num_ mins for naan .
0	i get to the room and the electronic key does not work .
1	well we went here instead of sunset station buffet .
0	i could n't understand why people raving about it too much .
1	i personally do n't like their breakfast buffet .
0	this place needs to be closed - stay away !
1	this is an average chinese buffet .
0	i ate two of the _num_ tenders ( seven ! )
1	buffet was crap ( desserts were good ) .
0	will not return to this place .
1	out with my daughter , we wanted a buffet .
0	btw , we did n't have an inexpensive lunch .
1	not great ; not the worst ( like buffet ) .
0	the only bright spot was the waitress .
1	we may try this place again , maybe for the lunch buffet .
0	the clientele , for some reason , really made for a loud dining experience .
1	we did n't even bother trying to make our way into the buffet .
0	why could n't they take a couple minutes and wrap our gift for us ?
1	walking into macayo 's is like entering a buffet restaurant in a vegas casino .
0	never been here before .
1	we ended up going to the buffet , big mistake .
0	also , the portions are not as big .
1	i was n't expecting top shelf dining at a chinese buffet .
0	whoever designed this place should be shot .
1	most horrible buffet i have ever been to .
0	_num_ .
1	it used to be much better , now it 's just a mediocre buffet .
0	we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries .
1	$ _num_ plus drink lunch special buffet .
0	to compare this place to the famous sandwich places is nyc is a joke .
1	returning to the buffet , my wife said the shrimp was very salty .
0	going downhill ... ... man , what happened to this place ?
1	we went here for easter buffet and the money it was not worth it .
0	this time was not so good .
1	$ _num_ per person for lunch buffet .
0	long story short : i ordered delivery .
1	buffet was a lot better too .
0	i can easily say this is the worst indian food i have ever eaten .
1	the buffet was smaller than most but that was n't a big deal .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ items is crazy !
1	the breakfast buffet is bad really bad .
0	the manager claims he is very helpful ?
1	decided to come and give them another try no food on buffet .
0	my husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked .
1	but there are much better buffets out there .
0	food is n't good either .
1	worst buffet experience of my life .
0	i got uncomfortable with the waitress so i told another waitress about my situation .
1	they also have a burger king , pizza and buffet .
0	_num_ .
1	there are n't many mexican buffet restaurants in phoenix .
0	i wan na love bar louie , i do .
1	even the chinese buffet near the gas station is better than this one .
0	if you are in the aaa , you 'll know i 'm calling .
1	the buffet was a disgrace and all the servers looked miserable .
0	also , parking was shit .
1	i 've been going to hong kong gourmet buffet for over a decade .
0	rice was over cooked .
1	in my opinion , this is what buffet @ asia is .
0	to be fair there was n't anything particularly wrong with the food or service .
1	breakfast buffet -- $ _num_ for adults and $ _num_ for kids .
0	they still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card .
1	ok so it 's a cheap buffet .
0	i will not return to new china .
1	$ _num_ for lunch buffet with very sparse selection .
0	oh , with _num_ pitiful shrimp on top .
1	this buffet was so confusing .
0	just come and play the games , but skip the food .
1	i am staying away from chinese buffets from now on !
0	it was gross .
1	i 'm not a buffet person , but for $ _num_ why not .
0	imitation crab meat at an italian restaurant does n't fly .
1	overall not my favorite buffet , but what can expect for the price .
0	food ok but service ... ... horrible !
1	who cares if its a buffet , it 's still $ _num_ for lunch .
0	the hostess was incredibly rude directly off of the bat .
1	i recommend you go to a different buffet and avoid this one .
0	we have had vietnamese food in other states before but here is the worst .
1	i was looking for daycare for him so we could go get some buffet .
0	there were no parked cars visible from the road ; and _num_ ) .
1	no omelet bar or anything beyond basic buffet .
0	it was just really lackluster in my opinion .
1	went for the lunch buffet and was very disappointed .
0	water glass was refilled promptly the one time it was starting to look empty .
1	this location has too many tables and not enough buffet .
0	just gon na stand here and get looked over for a little while longer .
1	anything else on the buffet looked like it was _num_ years old .
0	most of the time , they 're downright rude .
1	first it is not a buffet .
0	the bread was even bad .
1	$ _num_ for sunday buffet ?
0	however , food wise , it was just ok and a bit disappointing .
1	the buffet items are overly greasy and spiced oddly .
0	this seemed quite bizarre .
1	a cheap vegas buffet would have been more satisfying today .
0	not tasty at all .
1	the food here was on par with a low grade buffet .
0	stuck in my lease until february .
1	the food could have come from a buffet and been better .
0	the service is ok but rather slow .
1	aloha vs buffet @ asia which is just minutes up the street .
0	wrong !
1	what buffet does that crap for soft drinks ?
0	terrible service that night from an otherwise reputable place .
1	went to lunch buffet and it 's terrible .
0	she then told me it only comes with cheese .
1	the variety of food is lacking for a buffet .
0	we made the unfortunate decision to make a reservation here for a special occasion .
1	it 's really bad , not as a buffet , but as , anything .
0	actually i will make sure to spread the word of this terrible experience .
1	that 's how bad this buffet was today .
0	i just paid the bill and we left and went to eat n park .
1	buffet is ok tho .
0	anyway , i ordered the wild mushroom pasta with chicken .
1	buffet was crap and the biggest rip off ever !
0	bathrooms were dirty and ladies room had no toilet paper or soap .
1	i 'm not a fan of buffets .
0	the crust is not homemade , pretty sure .
1	the buffet is n't anything to brag about either .
0	the salads are small and nothing to write about .
1	buffet .
0	at this point , one star is being generous .
1	after paying for the buffet we noticed the salad was wilted with brown edges .
0	that was not to be found here .
1	the buffet was just the opposite .
0	i ordered fried chicken , greens , yams , catfish , and banana pudding .
1	this buffet was the worst buffet i have ever had in las vegas .
0	i asked for medium cooked and they gave me burnt .
1	the golden palace buffet is bad , but at least edible .
0	horrible .
1	not a fan of buffets or of fried foods or fatty foods .
0	and their beer selection sucks .
1	the buffet was very unimpressive .
0	nothing to brag about .
1	stay away from this crappy buffet !
0	the burgers are rather bland and burnt .
1	so my money is on the lotus buffet .
0	this fast food place almost always gets my order wrong .
1	the breakfast buffet was pretty weak .
0	do n't expect great performances here , expect a talked up mediocre performance .
1	as with any buffet , you get what you pay for .
0	when it was time to get up the breakfast food was bad .
1	nearly all of the trays on the buffet were empty .
0	not because the food is bad but because i like to try new places .
1	just go to hometown buffet and save yourself lots of time and trouble .
0	she did n't massage anything .
1	sad buffet , food quality was terrible ( even for a buffet ) .
0	they really overload the sandwiches with coleslaw and french fries .
1	_num_ drinks , _num_ buffets came to $ _num_ and some change .
0	... another one bites the dust !
1	ok the buffet is terrible .
0	otherwise , negative stars would be in effect .
1	i find the rice in any chinese buffet way much better !
0	overall , shopping there is a poor experience .
1	for a buffet , she provided everything i would want out of our server .
0	however , the pricing really is low when you 're lazy .
1	i had a buffet and the salad is all mixed together with the dressing .
0	the worst service ever .
1	some of the food on the buffet is quite good .
0	all the sales associates are extremely useful and educated .
1	the worst buffet i have ever tried .
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	the chicken curry was really salty and reheated from that day 's lunch buffet .
0	there are about _num_ seating options , _num_ were used all the others empty .
1	the casinos all have crab leg and shrimp buffets !
0	i probably will not return .
1	i wish i just had the buffet again .
0	makes me glad i live in new york city .
1	i think it 's too expensive for what the rest of the buffet is .
0	oh whole foods , you are so so very overpriced .
1	ridiculous is how to best describe the buffets .
0	it looked like a child had done it .
1	really this cost money i have had better food on cheap buffets .
0	this pizza is not good .
1	paid $ _num_ + tax for buffet and show for _num_ people .
0	i had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer .
1	mediocre buffet items .
0	gave me a texas number .
1	very low end buffet .
0	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
1	i really do n't like this buffet .
0	the food was also disappointing .
1	it 's nothing special , but then again it 's a buffet .
0	awful customer service , rude and poorly managed .
1	probably the worst asian buffet i 've ever been to .
0	the pasta at applebee 's are definitely not worth the $ _num_ they charge .
1	the buffet was absolute garbage , and i am generally not very picky .
0	my husband said , i 'm looking for some dress shirts and pants .
1	i remember breakfast buffets that cheap .
0	we always took the trash out .
1	worst buffet ever !
0	maybe that 's for atmosphere , but it was not enjoyable .
1	worst buffet i 've ever been to !
0	they are incredibly slow and ridiculously over priced .
1	this buffet is by far the worst buffet i 've ever been to .
0	i did n't hear back .
1	totally not worth the _num_ bones per person for buffet .
0	seriously , all the people here have major attitude problems and need an adjustment .
1	there are better local buffets that will cost you the same but way better .
0	i would n't recommend going here .
1	i took my daughter for the buy _num_ get _num_ free buffet .
0	reason i book reservation is to have enough seats ahead of time .
1	this was the worst asian buffet i have ever experienced .
0	so - they 've lost a customer - a platinum customer .
1	this used to be our favorite asian buffet in town , not any more !
0	printed out my receipt .
1	they have a land and sea buffet on friday and saturday night .
0	i just feel like i 've had much better pizza elsewhere around town .
1	there is nothing positive to say about this buffet .
0	i would not entertain having an event for any more than _num_ people .
1	but the buffet prices are crazy cheap and the food ai n't bad .
0	i mean , so so bad .
1	this buffet has gone down hill really bad over the last year .
0	avoid this place at all costs !
1	the buffet is over priced .
0	salad came first then bruschetta ( wtf ) toast and tomatoes and cheese .
1	there is no longer a $ _num_ buffet .
0	ugh .
1	but the overall quality of the food was low like buffet food quality .
0	bland food .
1	i felt extremely uncomfortable there , and the buffet was not worth its price .
0	there were some pieces which could not be cut by my knife .
1	however , when we got there the buffet was well picked over .
0	loud is an understatement .
1	food was set out like a buffet , unappetizing , dried , and old .
0	wo n't be coming back anytime soon .
1	this may be the worst buffet in american history .
0	as my review makes clear , i ca n't compare the food .
1	this is suppose to be a buffet ; its not .
0	avoid this place unless you are looking for the happy ending .
1	i should know better than to go to a buffet .
0	our hibachi chef was absolutely horrible !
1	this is one of many bland buffets in the valley .
0	the frozen carmel coffee drink was much better than fruit smoothie .
1	buffet is cheap but not good .
0	they will not get another dime of mine .
1	_num_ $ for two people to eat lunch ... really ... for a buffet ?
0	there 's not much left to say .
1	one step above a hole in the wall buffet place .
0	the chicken fajita was over cooked , dry , and charred .
1	the food on the buffet was lukewarm .
0	Negative
1	the pizza was a lot like buffet pizza if you could actually taste it .
0	no concierge .
1	not enough variety for the price , compared to other buffets .
0	unbelievable .
1	there was no wait at either the player 's counter nor the buffet line .
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	this buffet should have cost $ _num_ per person , not $ _num_ .
0	the air did not function properly .
1	there is soo many other buffets in las vegas !
0	my meal was way over cooked .
1	this has to be the worst buffet in las vegas .
0	wrong .
1	i only wish i had taken a picture of the buffet to prove it .
0	so i have no gripe with the tailoring itself .
1	the feast buffet was on par with a high school cafeteria .
0	if i could give this place less than one star , i would .
1	there are better buffets with greater selections around the same price .
0	ok , so i really wanted to like this place .
1	the buffet is nasty .
0	i was disappointed with the selection of food as well .
1	they were not changing or replacing the dishes on the buffet counter .
0	never again , they are off my list .
1	why go to a buffet with no choices .
0	i was given a sofa bed to sleep on .
1	this place is the worst buffet i have ever been to .
0	it was very inexpensive and i understand why .
1	went with my family for a weekend lunch buffet and was thoroughly disappointed .
0	first , there are n't many tables .
1	the worst chinese buffet in las vegas !
0	the steak was tough and tasteless .
1	for this , she earned $ _num_ per person at this self served buffet .
0	i 'll stick with trader joe 's for my alternative market , thank you !
1	then it took another _num_ minutes just to get our buffet plates .
0	filthy would be a step up from the actual conditions .
1	i would much rather to to pacific seafood buffet for the same price .
0	could n't keep my eyes open !
1	the buffet was really terrible .
0	the place was very busy and noisy .
1	on of the worst chinese buffets i 've seen .
0	it 's like breakfast at most any other diner .
1	only thing that was descent about this buffet was the soda .
0	the bartender gave my sandwich by mistake to another customer .
1	the lunch buffet is $ _num_ , but it is awful .
0	i read online that it opened at 11am , wrong .
1	second , the _num_ % was added on for the lunch buffet .
0	i should n't have to look for something , it should obviously be there .
1	coffee at the breakfast buffet tastes like it was out of said toilet .
0	_num_ stars .
1	most venues offer large buffets at no extra charge to the bride and groom .
0	she never even looked at me .
1	i went during the week at lunch with my son to have the buffet .
0	this place seems to have gone downhill since last time .
1	ca n't complain , $ _num_ for a breakfast buffet .
