0	just there last evening after a _num_ hour shift at work .
1	we called again and he said that they could n't find our car keys .
0	bad texture .
1	get in your _num_ degree car and drive down to jack in the box .
0	confusing , and a pain .
1	came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot .
0	i think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside .
1	i had cash to buy a car and opted to go elsewhere .
0	the cheesy jalapeno dip it was served with was good .
1	do n't recommend buying a car of another make here .
0	not real italian .
1	we had just walked from our car to the venue .
0	the `` new '' rooms are terrible .
1	my very first review - my dark blue car ruined on the exterior .
0	this is a very odd restaurant .
1	i gave them _num_ full business days to fix my car .
0	its ridiculous and the policy needs to be changed asap .
1	also , think about buying the warranty on used cars .
0	parking sucks .
1	while i was doing the paperwork , i was told the car being detailed .
0	i 'm sure the ending does n't get much better .
1	i will never take my car to get serviced there .
0	i do not recommend .
1	this is the worse car i have ever owned !
0	thats not really a big deal .
1	confusing terminal approach and rental car return area .
0	worst grocery store i 've ever been to .
1	you just get in your car and drive .
0	however , check the price of a beer before you buy it .
1	they will ruin your car .
0	second , the lady at the counter is extremely rude and unpleasant .
1	i was n't willing to get out of the car .
0	on top of all this service was n't the greatest .
1	the first time i got to the car and checked - it was wrong .
0	the fries are very salty .
1	was the fourth car in line and have been sitting here for _num_ minutes .
0	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
1	the slowest , mediocre car wash in phoenix .
0	as a vegetarian , it was entirely another matter for me .
1	they locked my keys in my car and left me to figure it out .
0	the wild boar ravioli tasted fine , but the presentation was seriously lacking .
1	do not take your car to midas !
0	she was rude and all over the place .
1	literally slowest car wash ever both times i 've been here .
0	we also got an order of _num_ hot wings .
1	the drive thru is _num_ minutes for each car that 's in it .
0	so disappointed .
1	do n't park your car here while traveling .
0	so , yeah , the smell .
1	waited in the drive thru for _num_ minutes as the only car .
0	words could not describe my disappointment .
1	there is never poop , pee , or vomit in our house or cars .
0	internet access is $ _num_ per day .
1	they obviously do n't clean inside or out of car .
0	i will not be returning again .
1	why even reserve a car when they are n't going to have it ?
0	my problem is with the alterations department .
1	_num_ minute wait in line to exit the rental car location .
0	the spicy yellow tail was not spicy .
1	and it 's illegal to leave your pet in your car !
0	not deserving of the rave reviews .
1	i was there on vacation and went to pick up my rental car .
0	it was ok but not something i would order again .
1	i would n't recommend at all parking your car there for the airport .
0	terrible treatment .
1	the second time i complained enough that they ran the car through again .
0	if you hate the public , you should n't work with them .
1	i should have let my nephew finger paint my car instead .
0	a gym attendant wants you to sign in but has no pen .
1	car was not in the spot .
0	there was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way .
1	the car is dirty and i 'm sad .
0	i wo n't be getting one again .
1	thanks for starving us avis and making us sleep in our cars .
0	delivery is slow and not even close to the best chinese in the area .
1	then the car get towed .
0	we have been ordering food from little tokyo for almost _num_ years now .
1	_num_ minutes later , i was given a car in the gold parking area .
0	if you want rock bottom food , head to rock bottom .
1	she could clearly see that there was something wrong with this car .
0	there are about _num_ seating options , _num_ were used all the others empty .
1	i pay my $ _num_ bucks , and go out to get my car .
0	last night we ordered take out and it left us disappointed .
1	that car washing cost me nearly $ _num_ .
0	the 4th time my friend dragged me there , i had a salad .
1	when i left the car behind me followed as well .
0	we left , went to the charlotte store and they were amazing .
1	what really turned me off about the place was the car hop .
0	on multiple occasions in the past , i have ordered hoagies from ron 's .
1	the worst place to rent a car from !
0	awful customer service , rude and poorly managed .
1	car did n't work .
0	do n't waste your time and money going here .
1	so , the plan was to drop off the car after work on friday .
0	the chili was not very good either and the fries were pretty tasteless .
1	lots of angry people were getting out of their cars to investigate .
0	the front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer .
1	no one came to inspect the car with us , which is frustrating .
0	the service was poor .
1	do not use their car wash .
0	they also lose things , more than once .
1	he even rushed our forgotten to-go drink as we got to our car .
0	_num_ .
1	$ _num_ later , car is fixed .
0	this crust , while thin , did not have flavor and was hard .
1	this is a place you should not go if you want a clean car .
0	mixed drinks are way too pricey for the location .
1	no cars .
0	but this is n't what i ordered .
1	no darling it was not your rental car .
0	i keep giving them another chance and i keep getting disappointed .
1	i gave the car hop $ _num_ and told him to keep the change .
0	i was there on a monday , so i just tried the sushi .
1	the problem came when she had to leave to move her car .
0	also a heads up - only _num_ pedicure chairs in the place .
1	i went here after a car accident that was not my fault .
0	the quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor .
1	so ... ... get your car washed at your own risk .
0	there 's no day pass .
1	sleep in your car , you 'll have a better experience .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	i 've taken my car here at least twice .
0	is n't that what they 're supposed to do ?
1	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
0	so disappointed in food and its cost .
1	must wait almost _num_ hours for a car and they do n't care !
0	this school is a terrible deal for what you pay .
1	the guys here were borderline rude to me when i dropped my car off .
0	i wo n't be going back to see him again .
1	once you buy a car there , the customer service is over .
0	very bad service .
1	i have purchased _num_ cars from camelback vw and had good experiences .
0	i never seen such a rude person in this county so far .
1	there was nothing unusual about my car or the service i was requesting .
0	wo n't be back .
1	i returned a car today at hertz at the madison airport .
0	they do n't know how to do business .
1	when i got the car back , they had n't done anything to it .
0	but there was no one there .
1	thanks for taking my money and not cleaning my car .
0	the flavor of the dough is generic and salty .
1	one person working and could n't look at my car .
0	crappy 's is more like it ... sorry i could not resist !
1	do n't buy your car here .
0	much closer to bland than anything .
1	overall it was a terrible car wash .
0	huge disappointment .
1	save yourself and do not bring your car to this pep boys service center !
0	i was not impressed with my sandwich there .
1	even though we had a reservation we were made to wait for a car .
0	_num_ .
1	rented a car over a month ago for our flight into charlotte at 6pm .
0	it was more than once that i heard glass breaking .
1	i brought the car back the next day and the customer service was horrible .
0	i am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there .
1	gave my family a car and the next day the battery was dead .
0	however , they have several cooked selections .
1	entire car was dusty , inside and out .
0	service is n't that great either .
1	my car was almost stolen once even with an alarm on it ?
0	and the wait staff were awesome .
1	yeah i know sounds like most any used car sales operation in phoenix .
0	it was a disgrace .
1	i dropped them off while i parked the car .
0	waited for the shuttle around _num_ min at the airport .
1	i had my car serviced here .
0	i hate that place and everyone in it .
1	why would you give out a dirty car ?
0	the only good thing about the experience was the beer selection .
1	car seats were dirty and old .
0	ashley furniture will get my business from now on .
1	worst car wash ever .
0	i can not speak for others .
1	again do not buy a car from them because you will be sorry .
0	needless to say , i will never be going here again .
1	my husband left the car again to have the repair corrected .
0	skip it !
1	i waited _num_ minutes for the right car .
0	they are extremely slow .
1	and i said , my car requires a synthetic blend .
0	it 's really too bad because as i said , her collection looks lovely .
1	do not buy a car from this place !
0	this is the first time i feel compelled to write a bad review .
1	i guess that 's fine for a regular car , but not for mine .
0	i do n't like this place at all .
1	besides the limited parking , i would not want to leave my car here .
0	but with all of the strange behavior , attempts to scam us , etc .
1	_num_ minute wait for a car i reserved a month ago ?
0	gross !
1	went to los olivos for the first time today to get my car washed .
0	i ordered smoked pork chops , home fries and green beans .
1	do n't go in the drive thru if there are more than _num_ cars .
0	i do n't think sammy has ever even had a good corned beef sandwich .
1	we do not buy our cars here i am just here for a recall .
0	i also wish that i could provide them with zero stars .
1	dirty car even after most expensive carwash .
0	i got rid of it myself , though lol .
1	i should have went elsewhere but my car needed it bad .
0	this place is horrible .
1	i unfortunately got a car from this place !
0	terrible tuxedo rentals !
1	the car was nice , the service was terrible .
0	watery sauce , no heat .
1	both cars left the shop looking worse than they did when they entered .
0	very poor .
1	this is a $ _num_ car wash , at best .
0	so why the low rating ?
1	do not bring your car here .
0	do not come here to eat .
1	it hardly looked like i just got my car cleaned .
0	mine was not very cold and his pour was light .
1	i drive over _num_ miles to see this car .
0	also they do n't really wash their cups .
1	car was broken into .
0	i was disappointed with the selection of food as well .
1	yet another hertz location that does n't have cars for reservations .
0	wish there was a choice of no stars .
1	left the car for them to check things out .
0	i only gave it _num_ stars because i liked my mac and cheese .
1	the manager flat out told us to buy the car or to leave .
0	but last few times i have gone it has not taste the same .
1	$ _num_ car bomb shots !
0	i rest my case : avoid ten toes on walnut ladies !
1	do not take your car here unless you want something messed up !
0	so , we were n't allowed to sit at the bar or a table .
1	if you are looking to buy a car do n't go here .
0	i waited two hours today in the freezing cold to get to work .
1	i had _num_ of weed in my car .
0	terrible customer service , disrespectful in fact .
1	took them almost an hour to wash my car .
0	it is now grossly over priced .
1	the car works great but the customer service left much to be desired .
0	also , not one of us got ours cooked as ordered .
1	we waited another _num_ mins for another car .
0	i would never come back .
1	at the moment i 'm especially pissed , because they killed my car .
0	and this was an early lunch with very few customers around .
1	took over _num_ mins to get a car .
0	giving _num_ stars instead of _num_ just cause i 've had worse .
1	give me the keys and i 'll find the freaking car for you .
0	service is very bad .
1	i went through the drive through , with about _num_ cars ahead of me .
0	i ordered steamed broccoli and he ordered mashed potatoes .
1	so they kept my car all day with no warning .
0	i proceeded to say , '' are you laughing at me ? ''
1	no wonder there are never cars outside !
0	_num_ .
1	i have paid $ _num_ for a car was and received a better quality .
0	the spicy sausage soup she first ordered was mostly broth .
1	it takes forever to get the problem fixed and a new car .
0	i vote time warner cable the worst company of all times .
1	upon our return the following week , my girlfriend 's car was stolen .
0	and i am certainly not a fan of the olive garden .
1	the car i reserved was not in my gold space so i went inside .
0	sorry chef jeff .
1	i ended up driving back to the hertz lot and dropping off my car .
0	i had the pizza and it was mediocre at best .
1	they damaged my car .
0	i spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza .
1	my girlfriend and i bought a car here in may .
0	even the bread was stale .
1	it was annoying fighting the crowds to look at the certain cars .
0	employees would much rather carry inappropriate conversations for the work place than assist .
1	but i have expected my car to be broken into in the morning .
0	ugh .
1	find another rental car service at charlotte airport .
0	she did n't refill drinks .
1	tell us the car price + tax , fees and registration .
0	horrible food , horrible service .
1	bad service , bad cars , not recommended .
0	no thanks .
1	this is the busiest rental car place ive ever been at .
0	they are out dated and their customer `` service '' is non existent .
1	so i 'll look elsewhere next time my car needs service .
0	overall , a disappointing dining experience .
1	i just got this car _num_ weeks ago !
0	it was also an outrageous $ _num_ dollars .
1	they scratched my car .
0	they were very flat ... thinner than your typical frozen chicken nugget .
1	rented a car on the way back for $ _num_ bucks with budget .
0	he said the stir fry was so-so .
1	the guys vacuuming out the cars got really rude with her .
0	oh well , their loss .
1	i got out of the car to get my bags .
0	the pasta a bit dry and bland as well .
1	my mom was coming into town to visit and wanted to hire a car .
0	they were rude .
1	this car was not safe , but were _num_ hours from charlotte by now .
0	when i come back to charlotte i wo n't be trying this restaurant again .
1	my car ended up behind _num_ other cars .
0	it 's absolutely disgusting , and you get no peace whatsoever .
1	car was ok otherwise .
0	)
1	do not go to this car wash .
0	however it wasnt until half way through my appointment that i got it .
1	highly recommend you find another car wash .
0	from start to finish , the entire evening was a terrible experience .
1	for my car the average oil change runs about $ _num_ .
0	_num_ minutes later we were sat .
1	your little model cars on the wall were filthy .
0	i will not be returning .
1	i showed up and had reserved a full size car .
0	unfortunately , mike & tony 's closes by 6pm .
1	do not get your car fixed here !
0	its connection is also very spotty .
1	they would n't let me test drive the car .
0	neither angel nor anyone else came to top up our drinks even once .
1	they seem to loose sight of what it means to detail a car .
0	i 'm nothing if not organized .
1	my car was no completed on time .
0	the chicken nuggets come out under par .
1	this is where i started kicking myself for not washing my own car .
0	ugh .
1	`` no i do n't want a $ _num_ car payment . ''
0	they had to be cooked prior to us ordering , or even getting there .
1	woman at gold counter said that they had no more cars in that size .
0	after a few phone calls later , no shirts , no suits .
1	why do n't you leave a note for a visitor 's car ?
0	avoid this location .
1	it took _num_ min to get the car .
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	there was already a car waiting .
0	neither of us touched our dinner , we were afraid to eat it .
1	however , the car they gave me was complete garbage .
0	i will not be back .
1	think twice before servicing your car at camelback vw !
0	the fish was tough and the other dish was simply inedible .
1	should n't you finish my car before starting work on a different car ?
0	no way it got near _num_ or i would have been freezing .
1	the valet drives up in his personal car .
0	even worse , no seasoning whatsoever .
1	i wish i would have read them before i took my car in .
0	what a disappointment .
1	recently purchased a car here .
0	absolute _num_ % avoid at all costs .
1	worse place to get your car washed .
0	i feel ripped off .
1	the one lady who told us our car was ready was rude !
0	so i ordered _num_ for myself and my gf .
1	i took my car to virginia auto service for a very specific issue .
0	the reason why i rate this place low is the atmosphere is abysmal .
1	have never experience such a rude interaction with a car shop .
0	i 'm not even sure where to start .
1	terrible car wash !
0	i asked if he is a doctor and she replied , `` no .
1	-they only spent _num_ minutes on my car and it shows .
0	entree _num_ : beer battered fish and mac and cheese .
1	he first showed us this car in awful condition .
0	the one i had at this salon was among the worst .
1	then my car was towed to a more trusted shop across town .
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	the car did n't have any problem .
0	coming here was usually pretty exciting .
1	i know a little something about cars .
0	gag !
1	my car sat outside and dried for _num_ minutes .
0	the apps were good but do n't eat dinner you 'll regret it .
1	grab any car in the lane and drive away .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	of course , danny 's car wash was not responsible .
0	the service did n't get any better .
1	made reservations months in advance and no car was available .
0	our wine was not delivered until after our steaks arrived .
1	the last time that we went there he had our car for over week .
0	oh whole foods , you are so so very overpriced .
1	there was only one car in the parking lot .
0	i was excited about dining at this place before _num_ minutes of frustration .
1	( i was _num_ cars away ) .
0	i can guarantee you we will not be wasting our time in this theater .
1	do you have an hour to wait for a $ _num_ car wash ?
0	it seemed like it was pre-made and left out for too long .
1	now have to wait until monday to get my car .
0	very rude and once they get paid have no ethics .
1	ultimately , they want to keep my car over night .
0	the front staff was rude , and the wait was too long .
1	the car charger will definitely be useful .
0	also , they really have the worst customer service i have ever dealt with .
1	i was scheduled to bring my car in but it would not start .
0	and then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too .
1	at _num_ pm i asked for my car .
0	the restaurant was about half full , i was with one other person .
1	lousy scratched up car .
0	the air conditioning was non existent , which is a hangover nightmare .
1	do not get a car loan from this company .
0	answer : pretty bad !
1	my car became disabled in my garage .
0	sausage was disgusting .
1	the car was not ready when i arrived .
0	there was no third bite .
1	they towed my car today because i did not eat in the restaurant .
0	only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it !
1	you should always have your car washed , specially in the winter .
0	make sure no flies land on your food .
1	car stuff 's expensive .
0	rude !
1	slowest car wash ever .
0	the manager was rude when giving me my order .
1	went through all the standard bs that buying a new car comes with .
0	my other issue is their restaurants are all filthy .
1	there were no parked cars visible from the road ; and _num_ ) .
