0	mediocre at best .
1	not in my case .
0	there is much better mexican food and drink in the 'burgh .
1	everything they offer can be purchased online and in some cases babies r us .
0	i do n't blame it on the servers but whoever manages the place .
1	in this case , stick to the original .
0	the continental breakfast was ok but a little lackluster .
1	but here is a case where the management was not managing .
0	its _num_ and they still do n't take credit and or debit cards .
1	i chose a caesar salad from the case as i was in line .
0	the last take-out pie we got was less than pleasing to the eye .
1	this was not the case with this one .
0	would n't recommend at all .
1	in any case i will not be returning any time soon .
0	however , i think i would try somewhere else to dine .
1	i guess that is not the case .
0	i gave them all my contacts information to reach me .
1	if this is the case then my oh my how the mighty have fallen .
0	they made it anyway and gave it to me .
1	this was not the case and i wo n't be back .
0	_num_ .
1	the food is bland in some cases and plain awful in other cases .
0	the savory crepes were better than the sweet crepes which were a disappointment .
1	totally not the case .
0	so really it was n't a terribly difficult job to be done .
1	_num_ hours before closing and everything in the pastry case was packed up .
0	the owner has to be the problem .
1	well , this was not the case at all .
0	it looks like they do n't vacuum very often .
1	in any case , great food & great selection of microbrews !
0	that is the prime reason why i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
1	as was the case tonight .
0	no one was uptown and the place was completely empty .
1	alas , that has not been the case .
0	i wish there were negative stars i could put for this place .
1	sadly , not the case .
0	they were significantly cheaper .
1	brixx is not the case !
0	possibly the worst dining experience i 've had .
1	when i tried explaining my case to the manager , he was beyond rude !
0	`` apologies for the mistake .
1	check out the pastry cases !
0	it is definitely not for me .
1	of course , this was not the case .
0	its owner , gary , enjoys parking in handicapped parking spaces .
1	i ended up buying two pieces out of the display case .
0	holly on the way to _num_ .
1	i wish my bad experiences were limited but that is not the case .
0	if you want bland tasteless food , then stop here .
1	avoid this place unless you are flying , in which case it is fine .
0	owner takes no responsibility for ruining clothing .
1	the other tools went back into her case without being cleaned .
0	this was an expensive skirt , completely ruined .
1	that was n't the case here .
0	they damaged my car .
1	i guess just in case ; ( .
0	if i could leave a lower rating , i would .
1	the server was quite pleasant and efficient , which is normally the case .
0	i do n't even know where to begin .
1	if that were the case i would have booked elsewhere .
0	we dined rather early , so there was no wait .
1	i am not interested in a time share or phone case .
0	the customers do n't make the experience any better .
1	in this case , it did n't help the medicine go down .
0	they also have a wind problem every time the front door is open .
1	but during on a one on one session ... this is not the case .
0	our _num_ year old was so bored that she wanted to leave .
1	however not in this case .
0	his immediate reaction was rolling his eyes and said no we do n't !
1	korean and hawaiian do n't in this case .
0	left and halfway home , `` check engine '' light came back on .
1	_num_ star , and even that has n't been earned in this case .
0	now it 's just more expensive .
1	none in baskets in display case just on a cart .
0	man , the rent has to be so cheap !
1	however , in this case ... both the food and service were really bad .
0	awful place with rude people .
1	it sits in the warmer cases , and looks `` crusty '' .
0	received bad service today .
1	if that was the case i would 've ordered something else to begin with .
0	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
1	the complimentary case was cheap and i threw it in the trash .
0	the `` ambiance '' is loud , dark , dingy and depressing .
1	they put the toppings ( onion in our case ) under the cheese .
0	bad sauce with flavorless cheese .
1	however , no longer will that be the case .
0	service was horrible !
1	that is not the case here .
0	as always , the service was terrible .
1	if that were the case , i 'd stick to making my own .
0	something just feels wrong .
1	but tonight was not that case .
0	two stars because they seem to not be able to get it together .
1	which was not the case at all in the least bit !
0	you should skip this place for sure .
1	thankfully , that is n't the case and there are many other plumber options .
0	i looked at my boyfriend who checked his watch while i checked my iphone .
1	the glasses case `` fell behind our storage bin . ''
0	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
1	i walked out with a severe case of food poisoning .
0	two seconds later , they come to want to clean ?
1	whatever the case , i wont be back .
0	will not be returning .
1	the rice in this case was mushy .
0	no wine glasses or anything to make the table look pretty .
1	which is not the case .
0	i 've had the fried oysters before , and they were pretty good .
1	not in this case .
0	super dry and no good flavor other than the cole slaw .
1	but that was not the case .
0	do n't try to stay when the experience is that bad .
1	that 's not the case with this one .
0	takeout is a mess at this location .
1	that was not the case here today .
0	horrible customer service !
1	the case was nasty .
0	i closed the door and she walked away .
1	not at all the case .
0	i 've went for _num_ years now waiting for it to become something good .
1	not the case here ... they will run you off the course .
0	there is also a _num_ inch ?
1	any case , if you are from new england be prepared to be disappointed .
0	_num_ $ later , i tossed it and walked out , miserable .
1	the battery case states _num_ month replacement if defective .
0	basically the whole experience was pure torture , which is disappointing .
1	their meat case has a great selection .
0	he talked loudly across the whole restaurant to staff members back in the kitchen .
1	they provide you with a lens case , where you select 4-5 frames .
0	the wedding soup was the worst i have ever had .
1	if that is the case , then the menu should clearly state that .
0	_num_ .
1	this is where i get a serious case of the sad .
0	based on all the other reviews , probably safe to stick to pho .
1	this is not the case here .
0	avoid eating or drinking anything here .
1	as you can see from my star rating , this was n't the case .
0	what a wreck .
1	that is n't the case here .
0	nothing special .
1	in our case it was over $ _num_ worth .
0	do no stay here if you plan to sleep before 2:30 am .
1	however , this was not the case .
0	was n't worth it for me .
1	usually will give a place at least two times but not in this case .
0	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
1	whatever the case , they have cold guinness .
0	i made an appt online for 6pm the following day .
1	this is not the case at this location .
0	later on , we realized that there was no soap anywhere in the bathroom .
1	then they decide gee guess we better keep her overnight just in case .
0	decided to give them another chance and was disappointed .
1	that was not the case .
0	all the sales associates are extremely useful and educated .
1	i went a second time just in case they were having a bad day .
0	it was my anniversary tonight , a tuesday .
1	in my case it saved me $ _num_ .
0	they even screwed my order .
1	service in my case was prompt , food on the other hand eh !
0	i was a little salty with her , i 'll admit .
1	peking garden was a weird case for me though .
0	worst thai restaurant in pittsburgh .
1	in case you have not yet noticed , you have many competitors .
0	you will only get frustrated with the slow as hell service .
1	as of today , this is no longer the case !
0	ball within the already limited selection .
1	one of the deli cases actually just had chips in it .
0	he did not look us in the eye and was just overall awkward .
1	in this case , it was so bad .
0	no thanks .
1	reality is , that 's not the case .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	that was n't the case today .
0	no `` thank you '' or `` have a good day '' .
1	the lettuce tastes old and rubbery ... not in this case .
0	terrible service that night from an otherwise reputable place .
1	in case you do n't get out much , the courier cafe is terrible .
0	do not sit by the windows because it was very cold .
1	which at the downtown hotels has not always been the case .
0	if both of those conditions are n't true , then go anywhere else .
1	in my case it was a miss .
0	absolutely horrible service .
1	unfortunately that was not the case this weekend .
0	it was a neon pink color and tasted like dried out chewy dog food .
1	sadly , this was not the case .
0	it 's the same thing but _num_ more dollars .
1	if that 's the case , why is she still there ?
0	however it just does not work for me .
1	unfortunately that was not the case .
0	how hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms , seriously ?
1	it is a convenience store with a very nice meat case .
0	the lamb burger was also overcooked .
1	turns out this was n't the case .
0	i wish i would have taken a picture .
1	whatever the case , i will not be back .
0	looked like a bunch of fruit flies made their way into the soup .
1	ate here yesterday and came down with a bad case of food poisoning .
0	kmart is doing okay as is the giant eagle .
1	if that was the case , i would have .
0	i was here once and probably wo n't be back .
1	apparently not the case in stingy arizona .
0	crappy service and food .
1	in our case , they required a _num_ day notice to end the lease .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	bringing our own case could have saved us a few hundred dollars !
0	tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed .
1	in any case , it was an unprofessional way to deal with the situation .
0	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
1	dollars a case profit ... kinda ridiculous .
0	total waste of $ _num_ bucks .
1	thank you ace for making a case for uber .
0	okay , i know what you 're thinking why not just leave ?
1	as i approached the counter i noticed the meat case was almost completely empty .
0	after the renovation the place lost its center !
1	_num_ of the pillows had black stains on the pillow cases .
0	no way it got near _num_ or i would have been freezing .
1	the next step would be a class action case .
0	if _num_ stars were possible i 'd give em .
1	in any case , almost $ _num_ for the two seemed a little pricey .
0	this was a big mistake .
1	but that is not the case .
0	they did not have many items .
1	this was not the case here .
0	they clearly do n't bring them in at the end of the night .
1	but ... isnt that the case for the good hole in the wall places .
0	thanks , but no thanks .
1	in any case , i decided moon valley chiropractic is no longer for me .
0	i 'm not totally sure why i keep going back here .
1	if that 's the case , then hire more agents to help your customers .
0	i could n't believe it !
1	in any case i walked out of there choosing to spend my money elsewhere .
0	it 's my fault , i guess .
1	so we all walked to the dessert case .
0	i felt terrible for her in that situation .
1	classic case of bait and switch ... never again !
0	considering the size of pittsburgh , the bus system here is actually pathetic .
1	they hold an extra $ _num_ on your card in case of room damage .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	unfortunately , that was not the case this time .
0	i did n't have an issue with the place or the other patrons .
1	the case had a yelp sticker on it .
0	the hostess was very short with me and my date .
1	a good meat selection with a ton of variety in the case .
0	it was n't pan fried either .
1	i made sure i asked for extra sauce ( just in case ) .
0	he just said `` sorry man '' and did n't offer any solutions .
1	not the case with the one in the henderson nv walmart .
0	the worst .
1	unfortunately this was definitely not the case at this location .
0	( the hoagie bun was better than average . )
1	if that 's the case i feel sorry for phoenix !
0	it was a place where everybody knew my name .
1	but in this case avoid at all costs .
0	no apologies when we were finally taken care of .
1	unfortunately that was not the case this time around .
0	first mistake .
1	in this case , that is what drove me away .
0	as dinner was my treat , i felt very awkward asking for prices .
1	i believe normally this is not the case here .
0	i was disappointed the waitress did n't say anything either .
1	as was the case with the tofu meal ordered by someone else .
0	parking at the hotel is expensive .
1	in that case , i 'd stick to beer .
0	do n't care .
1	worst case , their carryout line is usually pretty short and speedy .
0	maybe they can use the money to buy some real food .
1	as they walked to the back , i moved up the case .
0	seriously i waited in the drive thru for like _num_ minutes .
1	the last time i went in i needed a standard bass case .
0	the staff does n't seem to care .
1	wanted nothing to do with me since all i needed was a phone case .
0	my heels still looked as bad as they did when i walked in .
1	however in this case i must , if i am to tell the truth .
0	they were just sitting down doing nothing .
1	i loved that they had homemade pies & cakes lining the glass display cases .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	now it 's impossible to get a hold of them to resolve my case .
0	neither of us had cash on us , ( umm ... sorry ? )
1	but i reserve it in case of emergency only .
0	i go once or twice a week roughly , but never again .
1	unfortunately this was not the case .
0	also they do n't really wash their cups .
1	maybe the lady was new and it was just a one bad case .
0	at $ _num_ each this falls clearly into the ripoff category .
1	unfortunately , this time that was not the case .
0	which i was , and i was not allowed in .
1	in any case , i was a little let down .
0	i was n't impressed with this place .
1	my case was put before a supervisor named donna .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the lobster roll sandwich .
1	i rest my case : avoid ten toes on walnut ladies !
0	imitation crab meat at an italian restaurant does n't fly .
1	that 's worst case but even then it could get worse !
0	the selection was not unique , though there were plenty of dresses .
1	in my case it did n't matter because my slices went into the trash .
0	and while you 're eating too ... it 's so disgusting .
1	and in case you still did n't understand , my wallet was stolen .
0	cold grits are n't a treat .
1	that was not the case however .
0	sure enough , a few minutes later it was on my table .
1	the deli cases looked really good on the way out too !
0	for me the food was terrible .
1	in this case , never .
0	the concept is n't that ridiculous either .
1	my pillow case had a burned hole in it .
0	i will never step foot in this place again .
1	case in point , air pressure on the tires .
0	water glasses stayed empty for almost _num_ minutes !
1	nope , not the case at all !
0	but would it kill you to spend a little to upgrade your rooms ?
1	case in point , i dined there with friends and we split the bill .
0	service was terrible !
1	i do n't know what happened but that is no longer the case .
0	the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
1	in my case they never showed .
0	that was frustrating !
1	unfortunately , this is not the case this time around .
0	my appointment was at 8:30 am , i was on time .
1	_num_ stars in that case .
0	pamela is a bad representation of this location !
1	they told me they would n't charge me if that was the case .
0	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
1	assume you ride both ways in which case it 's a $ _num_ experience .
0	she knew i would hate it but just did n't want to go alone .
1	this was n't the case here .
0	the spaghetti tasted no different than boxed pasta .
1	that is not the case with these more expensive jobs .
0	i wish there were zero stars .
1	however , seeing as that is not the case , it gets one .
0	the pizza was n't terrible but it certainly was n't good in my opinion .
1	in any case , there was no one available this past saturday to assist .
0	no wonder it is _num_ % empty but still makes people wait .
1	however , in this case it was the exact opposite .
0	it had no flavor whatsoever .
1	red curry was very thin , which should not be the case .
0	but , lately it 's been hit or miss .
1	this was not the case .
0	delivery was late , our gyros were cold and fries were soggy .
1	i said that may be the case , but it tasted awful .
0	continuing on , check out was a nightmare !
1	in some cases the yellow tag was not _num_ % off the white tag .
0	i ca n't begin to express my disappointment in your establishment .
1	buddy is a high maintenance special case doggie .
0	but no way to cancel , need _num_ hours notice for us ... .
1	i wish i would have taken the move on advice in this case .
0	i wish it were possible to give this place _num_ stars .
1	the cookies and pastries in the self service cases are great too !
0	i could n't even pick them up .
1	however if you look at the yelp reviews ... that is not the case .
0	that is not what you want to hear first thing in the morning !
1	the waitresses said little to nothing ( which is the usual case ) .
0	the potatoes were very bland despite being served with warm butter on the side .
1	if that is he case , there is something seriously wrong with the equipment .
0	being treated extremely rudely by reception was the final straw .
1	but based on other reviews , even this is n't always the case .
0	the third haircut was just awful : styled awful , looked strange .
1	in which case , i should 've been the one to get paid .
0	i sat around for an entire saturday waiting and no one ever called me .
1	i then stated their select of cell phone cases was n't all that great .
0	the drop off process for returning your cable box is ridiculous .
1	however , after today , not sure that will be the case going forward .
0	it was loud , but expected that on a friday night .
1	whatever is the case , i ca n't imagine ever ordering food there again .
0	no , just no .
1	but , that 's not the case at cage world .
0	loud , loud , loud !
1	i even asked my husband to check in case i missed it .
0	i 'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the french onion pot roast .
1	if it was possible to give no stars , this would be the case .
0	while patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible .
1	oh and every time i ate there i go a case of diarrhea .
0	completely unacceptable !
1	unfortunately , not the case .
0	what a complete waste of time .
1	may try again just in case the kitchen was having a bad night .
0	this proved to have been a massive error in judgement on all our parts .
1	this is no longer the case .
0	rude , crowded , and most importantly not that great !
1	unfortunately , this was not the case .
0	however , it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool .
1	in this case , i was simply talking to dead space .
0	i 'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible .
1	their dessert case did not contain many appealing offerings .
0	i ca n't for the life of me figure out why all the hype .
1	i 've been there many times , and this is the case every .
0	is that too much to ask ?
1	or maybe it 's a case where they 've become too big to care .
0	if i was n't vegan , i 'd eat the dish .
1	this was not the case last night .
0	in short , avoid this place !
1	- if thats the case - then why was the frosty mug created ? )
0	if you have an emergency do not come here .
1	however , i cant say that was the case .
0	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
1	this is no longer the case at indian garden .
0	just really lots of junk .
1	i never use `` meh , '' but in this case , it works .
0	stay away from time warner .
1	in any case , i do n't think i will return .
0	she rushed me into picking colors for my nails and toes .
1	sadly , this was definitely not the case .
