0	unfortunately , the entrees were no better .
1	the cashier was not very nice on the phone or in person .
0	i guess for $ _num_ i could n't complain .
1	the cashier is rude .
0	the service can also be rather slow .
1	after giving the cashier my order , i sat by a window .
0	overall , the experience was horrible .
1	cashier had no personality .
0	it was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing .
1	and there is always a long lie from too slow or not enough cashiers .
0	do not go here -- find another dentist .
1	not enough cashiers it seems .
0	this place is less than mediocre .
1	never enough cashiers for the line of people trying to purchase products .
0	the service is n't frequent enough .
1	our cashier was extremely rude she send bother just bye our present .
0	well , this too was a massive disappointment .
1	very disappointed with the cashier we had .
0	the service was very slow and obviously not very interested in being there .
1	rude cashiers .
0	i will not be ordering here ever again .
1	cashier checks our card out before we can give tip .
0	the spaghetti tasted no different than boxed pasta .
1	unfortunately , even the two cashiers got behind !
0	horrible experience .
1	both the cashier and the owner would not give me their names .
0	this is just my experience .
1	_num_ minutes later i finally get up to the cashier cage .
0	the elevator moved really slow .
1	i had a similar experience with snotty cashiers the 2nd time i went .
0	i did n't bother to ask if anything was organic .
1	cashiers were flat out rude to me .
0	but i 'd suggest you not !
1	i took it up and showed the cashier girl .
0	next time i 'll try morton 's or capital grille .
1	_num_ min later the cashier came out and served the car behind me .
0	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
1	cashier says no one coming , go to aisle _num_ .
0	this place sucks .
1	it 's friday night and they have _num_ cashiers .
0	as others have said you never know what kind of service you will get .
1	the service : long lines and unpleasant cashiers .
0	never going back .
1	the cashier quickly apologized and asked the server to get a new brisket .
0	i also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink .
1	the cashiers are useless and not helpful in any way .
0	it 's not romantic , just dim .
1	how can you only staff _num_ cashier on a sunday afternoon .
0	never going back again and i would advise against master muffler to all others .
1	the cashiers especially are rude and condescending .
0	so disappointed .
1	cashier was not friendly at all .
0	got ta say , i 'm not a fan of this place .
1	rude cashier , i believe her name was erin ( short blond hair ) .
0	with all of the other options in the area , take your money elsewhere !
1	the cashier , looked absolutely disgusted doing her job .
0	we got this hotel room via hotwire at a great price .
1	cashier had no clue what she was doing .
0	the drinks were n't anything special either .
1	the gentlemen cashier was also unpleasant .
0	food is mediocre at best !
1	the cashier gave me a look like i was bothering her .
0	very unappetizing and i was unable to continue eating .
1	wish they would hire smiling cashiers to make my visits more pleasant .
0	it 's poor form .
1	the cashier shannon was probably the rudest single person o have ever encountered .
0	avoid .
1	could not understand what the foreign cashier was saying , made placing near impossible .
0	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
1	there 's always a long line and not enough cashiers .
0	it tasted nothing like pork , or meat for that matter .
1	cashier : `` no ! ''
0	however , this past visit was unfortunate .
1	the sweet cashier was embarrassed .
0	waitress did apologize for cup but it was too late - chose to leave .
1	the cashier repeated back , `` asian salad . ''
0	what a horrible experience !
1	cashier was disgusting and unsanitary .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	and the cashier does n't say a word .
0	nothing i had tasted good .
1	cashier asks me to repeat my order to him .
0	biggest waste of money !
1	the cashiers are extremely unfriendly .
0	i 'm also not a fan of soft served ice cream .
1	the cashier started screaming at the poor lady !
0	the waitress who seemed to be rushed did not offer any recommendations .
1	my experience with the cashier sealed the deal for me .
0	( they had run out of home fries ) .
1	the cashier took my friends 's order , then promptly ignored me .
0	poor food poor excuses and apparently poor ownership .
1	one cashier and _num_ customers !
0	i was originally told it would take _num_ mins .
1	the cashier amanda is rude !
0	the restaurant was pretty empty , no wait for a table .
1	she just told the cashier not to honor the sale price .
0	unless you sit at the bar , the service is poor .
1	the cashier was very friendly and asked if i was ready .
0	the rib eye was thinly cut , salty and dry .
1	there are hardly any cashiers available .
0	my breakfast burrito tasted like nothing and a our food was cold .
1	this store has long lines slow cashiers .
0	will never stop here again .
1	the cashier was very rude about the lack of sandwiches in the first place .
0	waste of time .
1	very slow cashiers who do n't seem knowledgeable to any degree .
0	the service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service .
1	when i got up to pay , the cashier was soooo rude !
0	average wait time to be seated and for food to arrive .
1	the cashiers are rather rude .
0	i put up with the rude employees and dirty store because of this .
1	_num_ cashier was friendly .
0	the bed was dirty too .
1	cashier was very mildly polite , not too much well known english .
0	the outside was filthy with trash all over .
1	there are never enough cashiers .
0	_num_ .
1	cashier could not even figure out how to give someone a receipt .
0	despite how great the food was , i wo n't be returning .
1	i 'm sorry but when you are busy then you need quick cashiers .
0	very bad service .
1	the cashier was very slow .
0	just a poorly laid out store which is showing it 's age .
1	the cashier was snotty when questions were asked and not very helpful .
0	price does n't matter to me at all , though .
1	i hate the cashier there .
0	so , needless to say , not the best experience .
1	how ever , all the cashiers seem to have the worst days ever .
0	the food is n't something to rave about but it 's edible .
1	is your cashier not trusted ? ''
0	im from california and was excited to experience this restaurant .
1	there was no human interaction , the cashier stared at me until i ordered .
0	do n't bother .
1	on top of that the cashier did not give them back their card .
0	never , ever use these incompetent people for property management .
1	go tell ur manager to hire more cashiers !
0	everything is bland .
1	she then asked another cashier to call for a price check .
0	do n't try to stay when the experience is that bad .
1	our order was very simple but the cashier could n't get it right .
0	there was no aroma from garlic or onion .
1	when i questioned the cashier she did n't apologize or anything .
0	now , i am stuck due to the heavy fees it would cost .
1	i gave my order to the cashier and she gave me a receipt .
0	sorry , but our pizza was cold .
1	the cashier was apologetic , but not by nature .
0	do not stay here .
1	the cashier had no idea what we were asking for .
0	luckily the waitress did not put up too much of a fight .
1	cashier : `` i could get fired for giving you my personal information .
0	the seafood was a little undercooked and everything was dripping in butter .
1	sometimes they may have _num_ cashiers open , but the lines are still long .
0	i assure you this place is n't it .
1	really disappointed with the cashier and waiters as tonight .
0	_num_ hour wait and then cold food served .
1	i have a idea , get rid of those cashiers , fire them !
0	last night the service was especially lackluster .
1	the cashier was dismissive and flat out rude .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	i had to return something and i was met with a very rude cashier .
0	save your money on the chili cheese fries .
1	again with the rude service at the cashier stand .
0	horrible service .
1	plus the cashier could n't add $ _num_ + what makes $ _num_ even ?
0	i 'm sorry , but you get one star for that .
1	as we walked through i saw a cashier running around watering some plants .
0	disgusting .
1	i was at the cashier desk to pay my bill .
0	extremely slow service and a rude waitress on top of it .
1	the cashier responded with a `` why would we offer you a discount ?
0	this place has gone significantly down hill .
1	the smog check tech was very professional as was the cashier inside .
0	this giant eagle maybe the worst supermarket i 've ever been to .
1	the cashiers , pharmacy , and customer service manager were so rude and stupid .
0	but for the sushi - forget it .
1	me : ( walking towards the cashier ) no thank you .
0	the only thing mixed about this salad was the iceberg and red cabbage .
1	ashley and the girl cashier are awful .
0	very little apology from the staff about the horrible experience .
1	even some of the cashiers at this location look a little sketchy .
0	unfortunately , pamela 's is neither of these things .
1	the cashier was rude and rolled her eyes when someone said `` oh !
0	i 'm glad i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
1	the cashier would n't even look at me or respond to my question .
0	stay away from time warner .
1	was shocked to see the grumpy , rude cashier was also the manager .
0	gross much ?
1	he just stared at me standing in the cashiers line .
0	guess not .
1	the cashier said it would be a few minutes , so i sat down .
0	lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people !
1	i 'm thinking they need a couple more cashiers on the weekend .
0	the menu was small and underwhelming .
1	the cashier then overcharged me for my food .
0	i 'd never had the food before .
1	waited another _num_ min for a cashier to pay .
0	so if you 're a horse you wo n't go thirsty .
1	this place lost my business today because of a rude cashier .
0	this continued for the total of _num_ hours .
1	the menu is confusing and the cashier did n't really explain things well either .
0	i do n't get this place .
1	i do n't want to talk to your cashier .
0	Very negative
1	the cashier later refunded my order .
0	i ordered the beef vermicelli bowl , one egg roll , one spring roll .
1	then when we were called up , the cashier already seemed annoyed with us .
0	i was not impressed by anything here .
1	disappointed that the cashier tonight was rude and rushed .
0	firstly , this place used to be free to the public .
1	tipping should be up to the customer , not the cashier !
0	it was a tad weird .
1	the cashier checked with whom i assumed to be an assistant manager or lead .
0	needless to say , this completely ruined my meal .
1	i told the cashier it was `` terrible it just was n't good '' .
0	the salad was swimming in dressing where normally the dressing is light .
1	i wait in line and i get to a male cashier .
0	well ok i guess .
1	it 's dirty , it smells and apparently they do n't have any cashiers .
0	we stayed at the shadyside inn for months and spent thousands of dollars .
1	the cashier was a nice enough kid , this really was n't his fault .
0	i also thought it was extremely over priced .
1	charity `` the cashier '' was extremely rude to me today .
0	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
1	this store never has enough cashiers .
0	after taking her to another vet , i was educated about wound care .
1	the cashier was dismissive - no explanation , no apology , nothing .
0	and the elevator did not work at times .
1	the male cashier talked down about a fellow employee to a customer as well .
0	this has always been my least favorite wendy 's .
1	she was very rude in front of the customer and the cashier and myself .
0	waited _num_ mins for _num_ sandwiches .
1	the manager just left the poor friendly cashier .
0	went here a night during final four ( basket ball ) .
1	the cashier was very polite , inviting , and helpful .
0	i 'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the french onion pot roast .
1	the cashiers look like they hate their job too .
0	they are too pricy as well .
1	let me clue you in , the cashiers here have always looked it up .
0	i ordered it without lettuce , tomato , onions , or dressing .
1	most of the cashiers do n't recognize this part of the policy .
0	oh but it 's not .
1	the cashier was unbelievably rude .
0	crappy hostess for sure .
1	the owner came back and told the cashier the worker was rude .
0	so sad .
1	the cashier said then no money will go to west wing from your order .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	the cashier was rude but i would be too if i had that job .
0	will never return to the restaurant .
1	next , the cashier tells me the lights need to be in the box .
0	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
1	the cashier was very polite , the only reason for _num_ stars .
0	i ate _num_ bites and threw it away .
1	cashier says `` sir i cant sell you the beer .
0	what an embarrassment .
1	i do n't mind the unpleasant cashiers .
0	really do n't get the high praise for their pizza .
1	not because of the food but the attitude of those cashiers .
0	pros : it 's like living in an apt .
1	the cashier was very short with me and not personable at all .
0	but waited over _num_ minutes for them to take our order .
1	cashier apologized , asked me if i wanted sauce and offered free chocolate pastry .
0	i do n't need to receive attitude from a receptionist .
1	going through drive thru , cashier is the rudest ever .
0	mediocre food and mediocre service .
1	usually only one cashier is working and they are slow .
0	i very much regret ever trying this salon .
1	i found the cashier to be inept .
0	too big , almost .
1	the cashiers and cooks have terrible attitudes .
0	okay , so maybe that night we just had bad luck ?
1	the sweet cashier called an employee she was having check on the sale cards .
0	so very bad that i 'm writing my first yelp review .
1	this place sucks the cashiers are either very rude , slow and incompetent .
0	they lead me to each exit , and each time they were locked .
1	the cashier offered me another item which was almost _num_ dollars more .
0	life is too short to waste you time and money on this place !
1	the cashier was rushed and appeared bothered by our ordering and asking questions .
0	this place is one of only a couple open in the burgh _num_ hours .
1	cashier acknowledged me no hi how are you and no smile .
0	it was very disappointing .
1	cashier gave him a fake $ _num_ bill .
0	not to mention the constant slow internet .
1	each cashier has like _num_ people deep !
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	when i checked out , the cashier was rude .
0	it 's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable .
1	i received dirty looks from the cashier when i asked them to remake it .
0	when i walked in i gave them my name and paid for my order .
1	the poor gal at the cashier booth was embarrassed .
0	sorry buca , a previous visit was much better than this one .
1	even the cashier , which surprised me .
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	the same cashier said in a nasty tone , `` well we have baskets .
0	they did not explain this to me when i register .
1	every time i 'm in here they only have _num_ or _num_ cashiers .
0	every time we go here , we come out highly stressed , which sucks .
1	so the rude cashier looks over and says what .
0	this family of _num_ wo n't be visiting china sea ever again .
1	his staff are rude , specially cashiers .
0	highly recommend you find another car wash .
1	i finally asked for another cashier and they brought out an equally old cashier .
0	i also got a _num_ pack that cost _num_ dollars .
1	the cashier was rude also .
0	mediocre food service and atmosphere .
1	never enough cashiers or employees at customer service desk .
0	why is it so hard to find a good chinese restaurant in pittsburgh ?
1	well , my turn came and i realized just how slow the cashier was .
0	do n't get the salmon or tuna steak .
1	when i walked up to the counter , there was no cashier present .
0	just be sure to make your appointment with someone with experience .
1	also , it was kind of dirty inside and the cashier was rude .
0	just get fries and coleslaw and put it in your sandwich .
1	cashier was n't friendly .
0	it 's slow , portions are smaller and the staff is terrible .
1	the old lady cashiers are always rude like i 'm wasting their time !
0	very sloppy !
1	but kayla , our cashier ?
0	not a good value in my book .
1	this walmart really needs more cashiers , especially at night .
0	service is mediocre and slow .
1	the cashier girls were rude and so disrespectful over it .
0	the bread was cold and hard .
1	the cashier 's are often super slow and not very friendly .
0	the food here is awful .
1	this tacky cashier , was ridiculously unprofessional and rude to me yesterday .
0	they gave me my cast and i left at _num_ .
1	call another cashier to open , if u have another one !
0	it 's fake asian food .
1	the cashier barely speaks english .
0	i 'm glad this place is for emergency service only ( for us ) .
1	the only bright spot in the whole ordeal , was the cashier .
0	the chicken was supposed to be grilled .
1	nina the manager and ashley the cashier extremely rude .
0	it is not daily normal , ordinary dirt .
1	the boy cashier did n't even try to input the number off the card .
0	nothing positive to say other than do n't go there .
1	cashier : $ _num_ is your total .
0	that 's not our usual practice . ''
1	the cashier was new so someone helped him which was fine .
0	food was mediocre as well .
1	i told the cashier the food was horrible and i would n't be back .
0	sunday went by then monday went by .
1	asked the cashier again , she said she would talked to the manager .
0	i have been here a couple of times and it does n't change .
1	the cashier got very aggressive and told is , `` i 'm not rude .
0	i will say i still ate them so shame on me .
1	unorganized , no deli , no bakery , little staff , rude cashier .
0	there was nothing memorable about the taste of it whatsoever .
1	the cashier was friendly , which earned them another star .
0	i 'd give this store negative stars if there was an option .
1	the cashier was just plain not friendly .
0	there was too much rice , and presentation was sad .
1	my cashier never handed me a cup for my drink .
0	huge portion .
1	while waiting on the manager , the angry cashier would n't shut her mouth .
0	my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
1	cashier gave attitude when leaving .
0	terrible customer service will never book with them again .
1	and the cashier could n't have been any more rude .
0	it 's never horrible .
1	too bad there are rarely more than _num_ or _num_ cashiers checking people out .
0	i think with some mustard this might have been great .
1	also , the cashier thought it was funny we had such a bad experience .
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	but the cashier was very mad and grumpy .
0	go for drinks and nothing more .
1	nor was the cashier in any way friendly when i checked out .
0	the salad was made with iceberg lettuce and did n't look appetizing .
1	ashley was no help to the cashier and walked away .
0	if this is their generic price for _num_ hour of labor it is ridiculous .
1	the cashier took an order and then went to prepare the food .
0	its also extremely odd that they could not contact me via e-mail or telephone ?
1	the cashier could not communicate well .
0	for how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends .
1	cashier can not leave register to assist .
0	everytime i eat at this location i end up with a sick stomach .
1	the cashier did not even apologize for the wait .
0	are you freaking kidding me ?
1	it 's always busy , with never enough cashiers .
0	but it was quite underwhelming .
1	cashier told me i could not get a discount .
0	- the usual crap they sell to people because they think they are idiots .
1	it probably was to confusing for the cashier .
0	i mean , there was oil dripping out of the inside .
1	stores packed and they have _num_ cashiers working .
0	$ _num_ side dishes .
1	cashier was grumpy with a bad attitude .
0	terrible .
1	the cashiers do not seem to ever be happy with a smile .
0	the home fries were just diced potatoes .
1	the cashier was lazy and the only person working was the sandwich lady .
0	so the max you could eat is _num_ wings .
1	he was upset , never looked at me or the cashier .
0	a complete waste of money , avoid at all costs .
1	the cashier ( asian lady ) was very rude .
0	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
1	when i ordered the dog the cashier asked me what i wanted on it .
0	it was my last time , i will ever stop again .
1	hands down every time the cashier is unbelievably rude .
