0	i have n't been back .
1	i paid $ _num_ to add sauted mushrooms , onions , and cheese .
0	we would have been much better off at burger king .
1	the cheese is almost too much .
0	_num_ .
1	but it is goat cheese .
0	not so much at uptown charlotte .
1	it was not spicy and i had pepper jack cheese on it .
0	it went to voice mail , so i left a message .
1	the crust was literally like cardboard , the cheese was rubbery and over-cooked .
0	just this last episode that has to deal with an inspection has me annoyed !
1	with beans and cheese on them ( sort of like mini cheese crisps ) .
0	it looked a mess .
1	the only thing good was the mac and cheese , and the corn bread .
0	the reason you would stick to this gym is the classes .
1	the crab puffs were much better with plenty of cream cheese .
0	i just do n't get why the floor is like and ice skating rink .
1	i disliked the cold cheese and cold pepperoni on so so crust .
0	unacceptable .
1	very little meat and cheese and way too much shredded lettuce .
0	worst hotel i have yet to stay in as a consultant .
1	they put a piece of individually wrapped cheese between two dry pieces of toast !
0	waitress has n't checked on us in half an hour .
1	nachos are chips with taco bell meat and obvious nacho cheese from a pump .
0	the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful .
1	nor do i know why a cheese lover would love this dish .
0	terrible customer service , disrespectful in fact .
1	the jalepeno cheese muffins were good .
0	very dim lighting somewhere between romantic and creepy .
1	too much cheese on their pizzas , and the customer service is incredibly poor .
0	this was gross and a waste of _num_ dollars .
1	i then chose the cheese and peppers omelette , with egg whites .
0	not the drivers fault .
1	every january i buy _num_ months worth of cheese for my family members .
0	when i got home they did n't give me my kids meals .
1	no cheese anywhere , no flavor , just hot .
0	i got tired of spending _num_ minutes of my lunch break waiting in line .
1	baked ziti is supposed to have a lot of cheese and sauce .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	my bagel + cream cheese was super skimpy on the cream cheese .
0	i do n't care for this giant eagle , and that is being kind .
1	they drowned my salad in ranch dressing and cheese ... .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	they gave me my burger without cheese and with onions .
0	five guy burgers much better .
1	the garnish had cheese on it the first time , not the 2nd .
0	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
1	to start the mac and cheese was so off base .
0	the service did n't get any better .
1	my burger was missing everything but meat and cheese .
0	he was loud , very loud .
1	mom and i both ordered the fish sandwich with mac n cheese .
0	to be smooth after only one pedicure . ''
1	not only was the grilled cheese hot , it was also extremely small .
0	the lasagne i ordered was flavorless as well .
1	the salad does n't have enough cheese !
0	she could n't believe that i said that .
1	it was just sauce and little but of cheese .
0	the underwhelming : the french onion soup was not hot .
1	it had huge chunks of tomatoes , sausage , and cheese .
0	very sloppy !
1	the cheese was loaded on the top with almost no crab flavor .
0	i do n't know where all the positive reviews are coming from .
1	o m g american cheese ?
0	so this spot is like mad cheap but really ?
1	meat and cheese and bread and a hint of sauce .
0	on multiple occasions in the past , i have ordered hoagies from ron 's .
1	i do n't want cheddar cheese on my mexican food .
0	it 's really too bad because as i said , her collection looks lovely .
1	the mac and cheese was ... dry .
0	careless workmanship is all you 'll find here .
1	it was a bucket of dry pasta with some cheese and meat .
0	instead of about _num_ '' _num_ '' it 's about _num_ '' thick .
1	the bagels and cream cheese were good , but not outstanding .
0	interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already .
1	my son 's macaroni and cheese was salty and cold .
0	i was wrong .
1	the mac and cheese was okay , but oddly a bit bland .
0	which on the mall alone would be _num_ star !
1	my colleague ordered the chicken fingers with mac and cheese and collard greens .
0	they charge like $ _num_ for this , which is a complete ripoff .
1	the egg and cheese were disgusting .
0	spicy crab soup did not have crab meant in it .
1	beans were good , as was the mac and cheese .
0	this also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future .
1	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
0	the collards were authentic and would get them again .
1	i ordered the margarita , sauce , cheese and basil .
0	so , i kept quiet against my better judgement .
1	plain cream cheese ?
0	my boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle .
1	they put way too much cheese on everything .
0	my latte was n't bad ... was n't anything special either .
1	the three slices of cheese that we got were good .
0	the coffee was expensive and tasted like dirt .
1	the mac and cheese was crap , and so not worth _num_ .
0	or maybe i 'm wrong .
1	goat cheese potato pancakes were crisp , but lacked seasoning .
0	while the onion soup was actually good , the rest was awful .
1	what i got was _num_ sandwiches no cheese and all of them had lettuce .
0	over crowded , loud , and not a relaxing experience .
1	we also had coleslaw and mac & cheese , which was overly salty .
0	to put it lightly ; the staff suck !
1	the mac and cheese was good but again , it 's mac and cheese .
0	delivery was fine but the food was terrible .
1	the cheese in the mac was a bit thin .
0	i would like to stress again though that my feet look awesome .
1	i only gave it _num_ stars because i liked my mac and cheese .
0	the pizza was really greasy , and the bacon was minimal .
1	mac & cheese : disgusting .
0	i probably wo n't order here again though .
1	i then ordered the fried chicken , collard greens and mac & cheese .
0	no sign of italian meat to be found .
1	wtf einstein 's i did n't go there to buy cream cheese .
0	the `` lobster '' was sparse , tough , and flavorless .
1	i tried the mac and cheese as well as the cole slaw .
0	have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders ?
1	salad came first then bruschetta ( wtf ) toast and tomatoes and cheese .
0	the atmosphere is also drab and just depressing .
1	i went to cheese 'n stuff to buy cheese and the choices were laughable .
0	ca n't win 'em all , right ?
1	three tiny croutons on top and flavorless cheese .
0	so disappointed .
1	they also use poor quality cheeses that had little flavor .
0	one of the floors that does does not offer drinks .
1	they used yellow cheese on my tacos .
0	after waiting for 5-10 minutes , she went back to the sales person .
1	his side of mac and cheese was laughable .
0	the bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time .
1	the cheese was not melted inside .
0	not good .
1	the calamari and the mozzarella wrapped cheese .
0	and i do n't even mean refilling your drink .
1	the mac and cheese and cornbread was all we ate .
0	our food is always wrong .
1	the cheese was hardly melted .
0	$ _num_ side dishes .
1	ordered the lobster mac n cheese as an appetizer .
0	i was rear ended at a stop sign , was n't my fault .
1	oh , and like _num_ slices of meat and a slice of cheese .
0	described as being served with butternut squash , brussel sprouts and cauliflower .
1	the mac 'n ' cheese was good , and the sandwich was just okay .
0	_num_ .
1	i simply ordered a veggie and cheese .
0	owner is a terrible terrible person .
1	we ordered a large steak stromboli with extra cheese through grub hub .
0	things have really slipped since then though .
1	`` sour cream , cheese , and lettuce . ''
0	finally - a halfway decent tv setup , pittsburgh !
1	the pizza had no feta cheese at all .
0	i would give him a _num_ start rating .
1	it was juicy and smothered in bleu cheese .
0	suggestions , hmm not entirely sure since nothing i ate here impressed me much .
1	artichoke dip was all oil , no cheese .
0	the district manager of this bakery to make sure it does not happen again .
1	my mac and cheese was just ... not right .
0	i was mostly wrong .
1	the bleu cheese dressing contained no actual cheese .
0	did n't even offer a food menu .
1	it 's lettuce , cheese , and pine nuts !
0	the hotel itself is ok .
1	the mashed potatoes were dry and the macaroni and cheese was lumpy .
0	this mcdonalds is straight crap .
1	the cheese was n't even melted , and i hate the taste of onions .
0	it was n't very hot either .
1	mac & cheese was watery .
0	i should have just gone to giant eagle .
1	dry fish , cheddar cheese and lemon ?
0	room three does n't smell much better .
1	way too much cheese .
0	yet , he still drew blood and several yelled codes to the techs .
1	i did n't touch the nacho cheese coated burritos .
0	this place does n't do it for me at all .
1	the meal started with bread , olive oil , and cheese for the dipping .
0	not convenient for an early flight .
1	i ordered the fried catfish plate with macaroni & cheese and collard greens .
0	for appetizer , we had the kimchi pancakes , which were not fully cooked .
1	sloppy burrito fold gooey cheese processed beans .
0	will not eat here again .
1	it was a pile of cheese in a sea of grease .
0	estimated delivery time from an online order : _num_ min .
1	i spent $ _num_ on a bagel , cream cheese , and a coffee .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	for two pieces of bread and _num_ small pieces of cheese !
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	all i asked for was actual cheese and not vegan cheese .
0	it 's happened everytime i go and it 's really unprofessional .
1	the ham was just awful and there was way too much cheese .
0	no thanks casbah !
1	it had more cucumber then tuna and forgot the cream cheese and avocado .
0	i 've been here a few times and have always been disappointed .
1	the mac n ' cheese was nothing special .
0	big disappointment ... try the hilton .
1	grilled cheese , salad and a quesadilla should n't take that long .
0	i waited _num_ mins in the lobby .
1	so my meal was the beef ribs with macaroni and cheese and cabbage .
0	actually , there are not `` two sizes '' of `` one scoop '' .
1	i also got mac and cheese , bbq ribs , and green beans .
0	did n't eat here ... this review not about the food .
1	the cheese ruined this pie .
0	a number of the reviews here giving off the `` eh '' vibe ?
1	there was no mention of cheese on the menu for the meal .
0	we got up and walked out and will never be back .
1	tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
0	booked an appointment , and they fixed the issue .
1	the sauce was to sweet and the cheese was not right to me .
0	after a noticeable drop in quality , i started ordering elsewhere .
1	pretzel dogs with bacon and cheese are suppose to have bacon bits .
0	all in all , this place just needs a bit of organization .
1	it was greasy and had too much cheese .
0	there has to be better gyms in the area .
1	$ _num_ for shitty american shredded cheese ?
0	and , no , i 'm not making this up .
1	only complaint was that the cheeses were served too cold to fully appreciate them .
0	takeout is a mess at this location .
1	the mac n cheese and pound cake was ok at best .
0	this appetizer reminded me of my mother 's irish cooking : tasteless .
1	my mom had a fried shrimp po ' boy with mac and cheese .
0	years and years of spilled food / blood from the meat department and etc .
1	the only thing worth a cent is the mac and cheese .
0	i gave it one star because of the waiter .
1	first there was no crab in the crab cheese puffs , just cream cheese .
0	we usually have _num_ but we ran out of _num_ today . ''
1	i ordered a large mac n cheese and the garlic parmesan fries .
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	there were no specialty cheeses or meats .
0	overall , my experience was okay .
1	the crust was super doughy and the cheese was pretty gross .
0	it 's never horrible .
1	one bite in we realized the cheese had separated and it was barely warm .
0	i dread it at this point .
1	the cream cheese sauce was kinda weak in the flavor department .
0	one , quite literally , threw a guy off of the bus for me .
1	cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza ?
0	ghetto , the server kept calling me baby all night .
1	all it consists of is soggy tomatoes and cheese .
0	there 's a reason it cost that , because it was n't very good .
1	entree _num_ : beer battered fish and mac and cheese .
0	as a customer i really do n't care .
1	macayos is like chuck e. cheese without the games .
0	all in all this pizza just sucks .
1	and , they make their enchiladas with white cheese which is not authentic mexican .
0	went there last night about 5:30 , the place was maybe half full .
1	no real italian would ever put cheddar cheese on an antipasto .
0	i could n't even pick them up .
1	they took way too long to make a grilled cheese sandwich .
0	the deserts were ok but the creme brulee was bland in the extreme .
1	the sauce was average and , like the cheese , not plentiful enough .
0	the tomato was hard as rock .
1	usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese .
0	my burger was well done and dry .
1	i ordered the fried catfish along with yams & mac n ' cheese .
0	and nobody smiled at anyone else .
1	eggs , green beans , mac and cheese were all above par .
0	very classy , wish i could remember her name .
1	the hashbrowns with cheese were pretty bland and nothing to write home about .
0	very low quality food for the price .
1	ordered the chopped bbq , mac n cheese and yams .
0	could not understand what the foreign cashier was saying , made placing near impossible .
1	the special french toast strawberry cream cheese special was terrible .
0	once seated , i practically had to beg for a wine list .
1	there is very little sauce , fairly dry cheese , and a chewy crust .
0	this was the worst gel manicure experience i 've had .
1	mac n cheese can pass for soul food .
0	when the oysters came out , they did n't even look like oysters .
1	they were basically corn tortillas with some shredded cheddar cheese melted on top .
0	parking sucks .
1	the macaroni was good , they used cream cheese or something that tasted okay .
0	overall :
1	fried chicken , macaroni and cheese and collards .
0	bouncer was extremely rude .
1	macaroni & cheese : not bad , but it 's mac & cheese .
0	probably not ordering from here again .
1	why did they put lettuce and cheese on them ?
0	never again will i take my dog there .
1	the cheese was ok , the tomatoes were flavorless .
0	came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot .
1	there was n't enough cheese and the cheese that was there was just blah .
0	the flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland .
1	a vanilla cream sauce does n't complement goat cheese , for example .
0	same lousy service .
1	they lacked the variety of bagels and cream cheeses i am used to seeing .
0	i past here daily and will never patronize this establishment again .
1	bad sauce with flavorless cheese .
0	no desk type chair .
1	far too much cream and cheese .
0	really disappointed !
1	provolone sticks arrived undercooked , cheese was fully solid , they tasted okay .
0	no way it got near _num_ or i would have been freezing .
1	it 's not even a cheese shop .
0	i would not stay here , it 's not worth the money they charge .
1	the cheese was some processed crap .
0	that 's not too bad , right ?
1	eclectic mac and cheese was okay , but nothing special .
0	wonton soup and a mediocre fortune earns this one ( _num_ ) golden star .
1	i ordered a grilled cheese with tomato and split pea soup .
0	very rude and condescending .
1	i ordered the veggie burrito with no cheese .
0	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
1	i like that they have shredded cheese on it , rather than liquid cheese .
0	more screaming and yelling than the night before .
1	she then told me it only comes with cheese .
0	they will not get another dime of mine .
1	nothing like a _num_ pound pizza full of oil & cheese .
0	the air conditioning was non existent , which is a hangover nightmare .
1	as for my mushroom and cheese omelette , the cheese was lacking .
0	fish tacos - _num_ people in our party got these .
1	the macaroni and cheese was old and dry .
0	decor and service were just fine , no issues there .
1	the pizza , mac n cheese , and tacos were horrible .
0	i had the linguine carbonara and it was more like scrambled eggs and noodles .
1	when it came out it was missing cheese and had _num_ onion slice .
0	the karaoke had a very limited selection .
1	it smells like dick cheese in here mixed with vomit and under dried towels .
0	it tasted like hot chocolate .
1	way too much pepper or spices , and i could hardly taste the cheese .
0	overpriced snacks , and the sound on the movie was awful .
1	no condiments or cheese . )
0	if there was a way to give no stars i would .
1	it had too much cheese and hardly any sauce and it was burnt .
0	the toppings on my salad were barely there .
1	where do you find apples and feta cheese with no taste ?
0	the pizza was bland , tasteless .
1	terrible in that my overpriced grilled cheese had _num_ small pieces of cheese .
0	that was not acceptable to me .
1	the mac and cheese was n't anything special either .
0	i have spent a lot of time at shooting ranges both indoors and out .
1	the macaroni & cheese tasted like off brand cheese mixed with heavy butter .
0	in total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food .
1	bread , cheese , meat - that 's it .
0	it was my anniversary tonight , a tuesday .
1	we ordered some coconut shrimp , and some ravioli with goat cheese and asparagus .
0	this store is not customer service friendly .
1	no sauce much and cheap cheese .
0	try their calamari over angel hair yum !
1	custom made passion bread with no garlic butter or cheese .
0	bad food .
1	tasted like sauce and cheese on toast .
0	the eggplant was soggy and not great .
1	your prices are very high and then to have tasteless cheese and cherry peppers ?
0	not a medium .
1	the pizza was thin , no sauce and topped nice with cheese .
0	linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude .
1	cheese , refried beans , tomatoes , sour cream and guacamole .
0	unfortunately for olive or twist , the visit would probably be our last .
1	pasta was cold cheese was n't even melted on top .
0	pizza was good but really expensive .
1	also , $ _num_ for egg , cheese and a bagel ?
0	all bad news .
1	however the pizza was like cardboard with burned cheese , and bland .
0	it was just me and my mom and i just wanted to browse .
1	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
0	cheap and crap service .
1	the crab puffs were full of cream cheese and no crab at all .
0	but for the sushi - forget it .
1	the only thing good was the goat cheese .
0	`` no i am sorry nothing we can do . ''
1	loaded with cheese that had pools of grease swimming on it .
0	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
1	mac & cheese : so , so .
0	i ordered fried chicken , greens , yams , catfish , and banana pudding .
1	waited for _num_ minutes for a bagel with cream cheese with no line .
0	there are no descriptions for any of the rolls .
1	mac and cheese is awesome but small portions .
0	worst customer service !
1	it was grilled chicken , french fries , a little cheese on chopped lettuce .
0	not a good start .
1	i know , you say , how can one possibly have too much cheese .
0	i walked out !
1	in fact , we barely even tasted cream cheese at all .
0	so i contacted this bakery for a wedding cake approximately _num_ months in advance .
1	it was low on cheese and some what under cooked .
0	yes , but only if it is convenient .
1	the goat cheese was nowhere to be found .
0	i know , i know -- olive garden , how pedestrian of me !
1	here they fill the space around the chile with rice cheese and sauce .
0	the meat balls had absolute no taste , kind of like cardboard .
1	was n't much blue cheese in it .
0	poor service , menu options not available , dirty utensils .
1	i ordered the salmon cakes with mac & cheese and yams .
0	update : _num_ hours later and still feel sick from this meal .
1	they are wasting so much money on cheese its sad .
0	decent furniture but wow was i disappointed by the payment process .
1	the highlight was a small chunk of gorgonzola cheese .
0	i do n't have that problem at other arby 's .
1	the bleu cheese dressing , though , tasted pretty good .
0	the air did not function properly .
1	the inside has a slightly funky odor , like spoiled cheese and cheap wine .
0	does n't even deserve one star in my book .
1	- they want $ _num_ for cheese on their eggs .
0	the managers do n't care .
1	the dough , sauce , cheese ... even the pepperoni was bland .
0	this is the `` service '' industry and you missed the mark tonight .
1	they got the onions , cheese , and bacon right though .
0	but i really would n't recommend going there .
1	the potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing .
0	too many fries on the sandwich .
1	my steak and cheese was n't even hot enough to melt the cheese .
0	i am completely disappointed .
1	apparently `` smothered '' burritos actually means fucking coated with nacho cheese .
