0	and is _num_ dollars a glass .
1	china chili is great !
0	so that was weird .
1	it was very bland , even with chili added to it .
0	long story short , i wo n't go back .
1	my next step is to contact chili 's corporate offices .
0	want to sit in the bar area ?
1	the green chili was okay but had no heat at all .
0	was so salty and just not good .
1	very disappointed in chilis .
0	found out he left less than a month after this incident .
1	chili pepper oil is not good , typical cantonese restaurant type of chili oil .
0	very disappointing meal .
1	best green and red chili in town .
0	basically the whole experience was pure torture , which is disappointing .
1	chili had no flavor , just meat in tomato broth with a few beans .
0	and there 's hardly any tables to sit at .
1	i would definitely recommend the chili .
0	this pizza is mediocre at best .
1	the chili soup was n't hot .
0	bad food - ordered a bagel sandwich - yuck !
1	we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries .
0	_num_ separate different roaches in a matter of _num_ minutes in the same restaurant .
1	i ordered a carolina classic burger , which has chili and slaw on it .
0	ca n't win 'em all , right ?
1	some of the best green and red chili i have ever had .
0	it was a basic salad , no big deal .
1	i mean ... shrimp from chilis ?
0	it was very cold .
1	my boyfriend had a chili dog and fries which he said was really good !
0	tried a variety of foods & none have been particularly good .
1	got in at _num_ tonight , because chili 's was a complete nightmare .
0	i 'm sure the ending does n't get much better .
1	husband ordered the chili dog and he was underwhelmed .
0	ca n't wait till google comes to save us .
1	spicy chili side sauce is awesome here .
0	this was probably the worst plain cake donut i 've ever had .
1	the green chili omelet was ok .
0	most places charge _num_ to _num_ dollars .
1	he comes back and slides the little cup of chili on the table .
0	bad idea .
1	also the poached sliced beef in hot chili oil is very tasty .
0	granted , i like to host social events .
1	bowl of chili : blah blah blah .
0	not sure if i 'll try again .
1	chili 's you disappointed me .
0	it seemed like every single employee was around _num_ years old .
1	beer was tasty of course and i got the green chili pork - delish !
0	the buses smell like urine .
1	in fact it tasted like the sweet and sour dipping sauce with chili added .
0	never been before and went on a thursday night at 6pm before a show .
1	green chili pork burro totally hit the spot - atmosphere was clean and welcoming .
0	they next wanted to try my hands and i refused .
1	if it 's cold , try the chili .
0	i was ; however , charged for the basket .
1	china chili is about a mile up the street from where i live .
0	i came in tonight ready to buy a bike .
1	my chili was not hot nor was the container filled .
0	_num_ .
1	not much flavor in the red chili .
0	it was not especially crowded ( no wait ) and we had reservations .
1	no more gay cash from me today at the chili cook off .
0	this place is way over priced .
1	the chili is smooth and yummy .
0	not good .
1	the chili relleno was disgusting .
0	this was just a joke and definitely not worth the wait .
1	the chili relleno lack any flavor and was essentially a chili with melted cheese .
0	but it 's not well maintained .
1	what i got was soggy chips under green chili .
0	so , i 've tried this place _num_ times and that was enough .
1	love the chili and live music .
0	what the hell ?
1	the red chili sauce was awful , and the rice was mushy and wet .
0	very unappetizing and i was unable to continue eating .
1	china chili has delicious chow mein and crab puffs .
0	the barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push .
1	i settled for a bowl of watered down and completely bland chili .
0	on top of it , i got so sick .
1	i personally love the chili dog .
0	how about horrible customer service ?
1	everything was tasty , but the green chili was by far the best .
0	i gave her the benefit of the doubt & i completely regret it .
1	no problem , i 'll take chili cheese .
0	way too over priced .
1	the guacamole tostada and red chili burro enchilada style are both absolutely delicious .
0	very little apology from the staff about the horrible experience .
1	i used to work near china chili and went their for lunch often .
0	the fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw .
1	no spoon to eat the chili .
0	yuk , i said that 's disgusting people have to eat that .
1	fantastic red chili burro enchilada style with rice and beans .
0	the wings were fine , but nothing special .
1	-- chili colorado is just thick , no flavor .
0	unfortunately , i did not have the great experience others did .
1	chili dog was average .
0	when it did , it looked ok .
1	their satay is red chili paste ... not true satay at all .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	ordered the chili on top of the chicken fried steak .
0	service was indifferent , at best .
1	in all my life i have never had chili like the chicago hamburger co .
0	the garnish had cheese on it the first time , not the 2nd .
1	i ordered wings and fries and my husband had the chili and fries .
0	when we arrived there , however it was a different story .
1	i also had their chili , which was tasty , but not very warm .
0	mediocre and poorly made !
1	i highly recommend the green chili burrito .
0	no chicken .
1	chili 's can cook a better steak than them .
0	their texture was rubbery and they had a `` reheated '' taste to them .
1	green & red chili are good .
0	from the bakery , you walk along a long meat wall .
1	turkey chili was lukewarm and not as good as it should have been .
0	thus station needs more amenities and a makeover to compete with the dc one !
1	east side chilis is the best one , way better than west side .
0	our pizza was burnt .
1	the chili was really spicy and low on beans .
0	i heard her talking about customers very badly .
1	it goes great with the deluxe chili cheese fries .
0	terrible .
1	my father in law got a bowl of chili and said it was terrible .
0	world .
1	this is the worst chilis i 've ever been to .
0	i really was n't thrilled with our meal here .
1	chili dog was just bad and so was the brat that my husband ordered .
0	i can easily say this is the worst indian food i have ever eaten .
1	i really like the chili .
0	however , every times i drive thru pittsburgh , i always stopped here .
1	excellent chili dogs .
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back .
1	this chili 's will not get another dollar from my pocket .
0	very disappointed !
1	green chili chimi is fantastic !
0	zero flavor and the mushrooms were canned .
1	best beans , green chili and tacos ever !
0	i paid $ _num_ for a partial .
1	the green chili is a must and the guacamole tostada is a favorite .
0	to add insult to injury , the only restaurant in the hotel sucks .
1	love the chilis menu in general , but this location is just plain bad .
0	we were a party of _num_ adults and _num_ kid .
1	the chili relleno is very flavorful and delicious .
0	i waited as long as i could but she never came back .
1	best green chili burrito in az !
0	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
1	will never go to another chili 's ever .
0	the last _num_ times getting it , i have had issues .
1	save your money on the chili cheese fries .
0	my real complaint is just how rudely we were treated at both locations .
1	the green chili stroganoff was fantastic !
0	i was tired , packed bags , and waiting to get to the airport .
1	why because the chili was bland and had zero heat or flavor as well !
0	i am visiting from california and was very disappointed with the service and food .
1	the chili is classic and for some reason love it .
0	save your money and make spaghetti at home !
1	sometimes the chili has zero beans in it .
0	not the drivers fault .
1	there 's too many restaurants in this area that are better than this chilis .
0	i made a change in frames less than _num_ hours from original order .
1	the chili looked more like a mystery meat light brown gravy sauce .
0	after ordering from here my credit card number was stolen .
1	china chili is probably the most authentic chinese food i 've had in az .
0	yeah , i 'm not coming here anymore .
1	the chicken chili had potential but it was barely warm .
0	however , lots of seats since the place was empty .
1	the green chili has gone down hill you can tell they are cutting corners .
0	wo n't be returning .
1	the corn dog was fine but the chili dog was awful .
0	went in to meet some friends who 'd come in from out of town .
1	they have authentic mexican products and sell fresh , warm hatch chilis !
0	reason i book reservation is to have enough seats ahead of time .
1	i just visited this place and ordered two burritos of green chili .
0	my biggest complaint though is the housekeeping staff .
1	i ordered some chili and it was ok .
0	the place had a great location but otherwise it 's a waste .
1	the chili is not even similar to a real chili .
0	i was so excited to get all you can eat crab legs !
1	chili verde pork dinner with rice and beans !
0	our food was just average , nothing special .
1	food is pretty good , nightmare chili was really good .
0	we ordered spider sushi rolls , hawaiian chicken , and general tso chicken .
1	next time i 'll just go down the road to chili 's .
0	_num_ .
1	delicious chili .
0	this restaurant is going downhill .
1	i have not gone to chili 's in a few years .
0	the chocolate was too sweet .
1	their chili is always fantastic .
0	either case , i 'm not thrilled .
1	my chili sauce was the worst i have ever had .
0	ok , but they do not go out of their way to help !
1	the onion rings were good and the chili was just okay .
0	shes says , `` they 're not '' .
1	chili is awesome and hearty .
0	and he had a cd setup -- seriously , cds , in _num_ .
1	china chili has to be one of the top chinese restaurants in phoenix !
0	the place smells of smoke .
1	i walked out wishing i went to chili 's .
0	i 'm genuinely disappointed with the recent changes .
1	i could n't finish my chili relleno plate .
0	this place sucks .
1	chili cheese omlette was amazing !
0	i was highly disappointed in the service , and i only ordered take out .
1	the food never disappoints - the garlic chili fries are the best .
0	last week , i got a large and went back for more .
1	saturday is their chili and it is also exceptional .
0	the new dentist could n't believe that !
1	green chili burrito is the best !
0	my wild mushroom and chicken was not warm but tasted okay .
1	i tried adding tons of chili powder and it just did n't work .
0	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
1	it was calamari on top of some salad with thai chili sauce dressing .
0	i was hard put to give _num_ % tip to be honest .
1	i recommend the red chili burrito - enchilada style .
0	it was a tired person 's worst nightmare .
1	the hot dog was ok but the chili was a bit salty .
0	i did n't hear back .
1	the chili they put on my dog lacked meat and flavor .
0	easily takes _num_ min to get a drink .
1	`` it 's chili colorado which is red sauce . ''
0	this appetizer reminded me of my mother 's irish cooking : tasteless .
1	stick with the french fries , skip the chili and cheese .
0	i went there for a few grocery items along with some alcoholic beverages .
1	my first review of china chili was _num_ stars .
0	it was terrible waiting in line , but it moved quickly .
1	china chili is pretty decent on the side of american chinese food .
0	dirty paper towels all over the women 's bathroom .
1	just ate at chili 's and had a great experience .
0	i should n't have to ask for napkins at the point of need .
1	so i added more crushed chili and salt .
0	it was still dripping with grease .
1	just had lunch at chili 's and unfortunately it was a disaster .
0	_num_ .
1	best beans and green chili in town !
0	avoid at all costs !
1	so we headed up at chili 's .
0	my appetizer was cajun shrimp , which was way over seasoned .
1	chili was below average .
0	i may or may not come back .
1	our previous experiences with this chili 's has been so-so at best .
0	there were only two orders ahead of me , utterly ridiculous .
1	my boyfriend had the green chili chimi and he liked it as well .
0	_num_ cents .
1	this chili 's is awful .
0	he barely let me talk and continuously spoke over me .
1	frozen fries , frozen wings , canned chili , canned cheese sauce .
0	_num_ big screen tvs .
1	the nachos were inedible , soaked with sour cream and some sort of chili .
0	only _num_ stars for location .
1	i had their green chili burrito , no flavor , do n't order it .
0	i had to wait _num_ hours just for a pick up for this crap .
1	china chili is better than the best my town had to offer .
0	_num_ hour wait and then cold food served .
1	i also ordered a bowl of chili which was too spicy for me .
0	you have been warned ... stay away !
1	they only had _num_ kinds of soup plus chili .
0	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
1	no chili sauce .
0	i have never , ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom .
1	we ordered a chimichanga with red chili and a smothered chicken burrito .
0	we left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food .
1	i got a spicy chicken medium combo with small chili and sweet tea .
0	we continued to wait another _num_ minutes then decided to leave .
1	i also recommend their chili relleno .
0	he was very kind , but only dropped my food off .
1	i loved the green chili burrito enchilada style .
0	otherwise , it stinks .
1	green chili enchiladas with chicken are fantastic .
0	this rink just did n't blow my mind .
1	it 's the chili that makes this place special .
0	just average unfortunately .
1	a nice green chili burrito sounded just right for 9am .
0	the bathroom was awful , bedding lumpy and ancient , and the lighting poor .
1	china chili is the best !
0	i have never been treated so rudely by a waitstaff before in my life .
1	i choose the fries and the nightmare chili .
0	i have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed .
1	no more chilis for us .
0	he just put it on the bill .
1	my mom got their chili which she usually loves and tasted terrible too .
0	the fish was tough and the other dish was simply inedible .
1	did they take the other three out of the chili meat holding pan ?
0	now it wo n't fit .
1	as for the main dish we got a chili burger ... worst decision ever .
0	unfortunately , mike & tony 's closes by 6pm .
1	best green chili burritos in the valley !
0	avis customer service says we have to wait _num_ hours .
1	i get chili with nothing .
0	anyway - i wo n't be heading back anytime soon !
1	china chili serves up good food , better than pf changes and less expensive .
0	it is way too expensive .
1	we got in line for the chili and it was terribly slow .
0	that 's not our usual practice . ''
1	also they breaded the chili relleno , it was absolutely gross !
0	yep , the food was cold .
1	the best part of the $ _num_ meal was the chili and mashed potatoes .
0	completely worthless wifi .
1	no chili or cheese .
0	this was my first and last time at this restaurant .
1	i like their carne asada burrito and their green chili is also good .
0	so not cool steelers !
1	i love the green chili meal that comes with delicious rice and beans !
0	if you are here to eat , maybe try somewhere else .
1	my friend steve ordered the chili , he said it was ok .
0	i wish there were no kids .
1	china chili is great when you want good food fast .
0	just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off .
1	red chili burro flavorless and dry inside .
0	just do n't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds .
1	my coworkers had s philly cheese steak , chili and a fried chicken salad .
0	later on , we realized that there was no soap anywhere in the bathroom .
1	well , the chili was disgusting .
0	`` every christmas story ever told '' was slow and not that funny .
1	the orange beef and chili chicken are both excellent dishes .
0	i live _num_ minutes from their location .
1	just like any other chilis , the food was good .
0	avoid the valet at all costs !
1	the chili cheese fries are also very tasty .
0	it was dark and crowded ( and a little bit dingy ) .
1	i did like the african hotdog , but the chili kind of ruined it .
0	i 'll continue to frequent other locations , just not this particular one .
1	you did away with the red chili burro and you lost a customer .
0	i 've never been to one & was really excited .
1	the manager on duty argued with me about how their green chili was made .
0	not the best dinner they have eaten .
1	anything with their green chili pork is fantastic .
0	we tried to nap but simply could n't .
1	the hot dog was hot and the chili was warm .
0	always seem to be people going in and out .
1	chili : missing the cheese , which i paid extra for and super watery .
0	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
1	chili cheese fries mmmm !
0	i did n't get sick from it , so that 's a bonus .
1	ordered the cheeseburger and the chili cheese fries with onions .
0	try panera bread across the street .
1	why have chili if it 's not hot .
0	wo n't be back .
1	i do not understand why people love china chili .
0	this place is pretty bad .
1	it tasted like a mix of chili powder and salt .
0	the mall that is nearby is not really a mall .
1	my husband and i went to the pumpkin and chili festival this weekend .
0	_num_ ) the owner is pushy .
1	the onions overpowered the green chili which was a major problem .
0	servers here can be really rude .
1	china chili is my favorite chinese restaurant in phoenix .
0	the beef pho was sub par .
1	has the best sweet chili sauce .
0	bottle of coke had icy slush in it .
1	you might get better service at the chilis too in the same airport .
0	well , papa j 's has officially priced itself out of our budget .
1	i will not be going back to this chilis .
0	do not stay here if you have a choice .
1	first off we have not been to a chili 's in about five years .
0	i was mostly wrong .
1	one thing i like about china chili is they are consistent .
0	the thing is the fish does not taste fresh at all !
1	the salsa is basically water , ketchup and chili powder .
0	the inside of the resturant is cramped and poorly maintained .
1	chili verde was ok but not worth $ _num_ .
0	by far the worst service we 've had in a while .
1	my husband and i usually stop at this chilis when we do go .
0	_num_ ) write down orders so you do n't forget .
1	drove from se gilbert for chili omelette so disappointed !
0	if this is the case then my oh my how the mighty have fallen .
1	i asked the waitress if the chili was homemade and she said no .
0	when it came out , it was pretty lousy .
1	it tastes like watered down chili .
0	i waited _num_ minutes and finally walked out .
1	this place has by far the best green chili in phoenix !
0	it just was n't a great environment .
1	it 's at minimum a heavy vinegar / buffalo sauce , thai chilis ?
0	singapore had this for their buses in _num_ !
1	my husband got the chili relleno and i got the cheese enchiladas .
0	im _num_ from ohio .
1	wendy 's chili is much better meat quality .
0	terrible .
1	the chili fries are amazing !
0	if i could rate this a zero , i would .
1	and so was my fries and so was my co-workers chili .
0	skip it .
1	i got chili and it was disgusting .
0	went to soba to celebrate my sons birthday .
1	maybe the hot dog is cold , but the chili is hot .
0	if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
1	chili fries tastes like carl 's jr 's .
0	not even a ceiling fan in sight .
1	the chili was tasteless .
0	this place is a fusion of olive garden and red lobster .
1	i 've had the chili in the past and it is pretty disappointing .
0	also , they really have the worst customer service i have ever dealt with .
1	the chili relleno wrapped in an omelet was ... .
0	i very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first .
1	it looked like scrambled eggs with chili .
0	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
1	the chili is great .
0	no such luck : it came on her sandwich just like everyone else .
1	the chili tasted like old , canned chili .
0	unfortunately , the party stops there .
1	i ordered the chili colorado , what they called red chili beef .
