0	i ai n't going back where they treat customers like that .
1	this is a joke when you come at 10pm with a sick child .
0	not sure we will be back .
1	he had n't suffered from a reaction like that since he was a child .
0	overall , the look of the store just seems to be tired .
1	there is no kids menu so i even over paid for my children .
0	wow ... we 're we disappointed .
1	i went there with several friends ( party of _num_ , including children ) .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	why does any child care about that ? )
0	their service is terrible .
1	if you have children , do not move here .
0	no frills .
1	both children and adults rides were terrific !
0	there was the powder parmesan on the table which i added myself .
1	our children are losing it bc we 've been there _num_ hours now .
0	not coming back anymore after i find another band to replace this band .
1	this is a health hazard and extremely dangerous for the elderly and children .
0	it appears this location has a serious management issue .
1	how are you not careful with brakes , knowing that there are children passengers .
0	but since its _num_ guess they are closed .
1	i would recommend this salon to children , adults and the elderly .
0	it was just meh .
1	parent of the child entering the child care area .
0	it would take less than _num_ day of their time .
1	the gentleman that works on the children 's department is amazing .
0	lidia should spend more time in her restaurants to see first hand .
1	it 's a fabulous resource for children and families .
0	terribly salty `` lobster roll '' on greasy bread .
1	do not take your children to this location .
0	extremely disappointed in this dish .
1	if we 're a problem that we had children .
0	do not use , awful experience !
1	they really care and work hard to help our child grow .
0	disappointed , big time .
1	there were children everywhere , which i think is completely inappropriate for vegas .
0	and the food was terrible too !
1	seriously a child runs a lemonade stand better .
0	that 's just nasty !
1	good food , drinks , and good for children !
0	nothing updated , nothing new , nothing fresh .
1	ordered for my two children the gluten free pizza .
0	avoid at all costs -- inefficient beyond belief .
1	this is such a nice place for an evening out , sans children .
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	it 's your child , they deserve better .
0	just skip it .
1	my husband and i recently found out i was pregnant with our first child .
0	( here as in the city , not silky 's . )
1	my children were upset and confused as well as my friends child .
0	really do n't know what to say .
1	he the went on to ask me what experience i have working with children .
0	the side soup is luke warm , soup should always be hot .
1	she was friendly and we talked about families and children with ease .
0	everything was pretty picked over , which kinda sucked .
1	also , not cool when you 're with children .
0	that is simply lazy .
1	i took my children here while visiting my sister in champaign .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	it was packed with families and children and the vibe was great .
0	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
1	fun place for both children and adults !
0	she 's either incompetent or she ruined my hair on purpose .
1	just do n't expect much for a child 's party .
0	i ordered smoked pork chops , home fries and green beans .
1	walked in with my hungry , thirsty children .
0	also lot _num_ had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there .
1	especially if you have children , it is super exciting for them .
0	extremely rude and condescending over the phone .
1	two of the children just turned four and clearly needed assistance eating !
0	they did n't even get their drinks .
1	from the jungle themed splash pad to the children 's park and petting zoo .
0	the fish and chips looked great but it did n't taste like anything !
1	awesome fun , even for adults without children .
0	the food was ok , but nothing special .
1	the child care area and i followed .
0	big corporate america places only get one shot w us .
1	the hostess asked how many people we reply _num_ adults _num_ children .
0	needless to say i walked away .
1	she stared at my child and ignored her .
0	so after several more wrong turns we finally get home .
1	staff is also very good with children .
0	great location but the facilities are a little tired .
1	the science center is a great place for children and adults .
0	food is mediocre at best !
1	it 's like a father yelling at his children .
0	not sure if i 'll try again .
1	tonight , we opted for take out as we had a sick child .
0	but my room is outdated and smells like there has been a massive leak .
1	this is a unique education center with lots of children 's programs .
0	dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature .
1	i am _num_ years old , not some obnoxious child .
0	service is terrible .
1	my children have been going here since we moved to charlotte _num_ years ago .
0	waited _num_ minutes for drink , waitress got my order wrong .
1	do n't bring children to this location !
0	apparently , reservations are not valued here .
1	the instructors are knowledgeable and great with children .
0	horrible service .
1	which is pretty sad since it 's for children .
0	every time i have been to cafe sam i have been very disappointed .
1	no child or baby here .
0	see pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry .
1	the atmosphere was mixed , children playing along side adults .
0	why _num_ star ?
1	so children running to the grass may get hurt .
0	but the food came cold .
1	the children 's zoo area is great .
0	we were disappointed .
1	horrible food not child friendly horrible waiter .
0	these hoagies are the most pathetic hoagies i 've ever seen or eaten !
1	the children enjoy the interactive exhibits where they can make and take craft projects .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	this is obviously not a child friendly establishment and we were not welcome there .
0	went to soba to celebrate my sons birthday .
1	my child will only eat cheese , so no cheese was an issue .
0	our party arrived about _num_ minutes before our 5:30 reservations .
1	the child menu is short and fare priced .
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	um ... ... i 've been coming here since i was a child .
0	we did n't do the lay river however because the lines were ridiculous .
1	we sat in the bar ( i like to avoid screaming children ) .
0	not a medium .
1	dirty , over crowded and not qualified apparently to even watch children !
0	the installers were knowledgeable , friendly and efficient .
1	child .
0	the sandwich was just gross .
1	do not bring your child to this place .
0	maybe we just went to the wrong primanti bros location .
1	best place for children and adults to go !
0	the food took way too long as well and was only lukewarm .
1	there were extremely loud children so there 's no ambience .
0	_num_ .
1	i have three dogs and five cats and they are my children !
0	i just remembered why i do n't visit chain sit down restaurants .
1	fast forward to our third child and the nightmare begins .
0	i have n't received my piece yet and its been about _num_ days .
1	i had join my _num_ adult children for dinner there friday night .
0	i want to know what to expect , you know ?
1	my son was finally transferred to phoenix children 's hospital where he later died .
0	still no food .
1	sadly , it appears things have changed since i was a child .
0	lame .
1	typically my child loves the mac & cheese from here , and dives in .
0	they said it would take another two hours to start work .
1	then another mom and child walked in and were seated .
0	the turkey burger was seasoned well , but it was dry as a bone .
1	i 'm usually in and out for a well child in _num_ min .
0	poor food poor excuses and apparently poor ownership .
1	especially seeing that i have _num_ children under the age of _num_ .
0	when the food finally came it was bad .
1	2nd , i bring my child back for a follow up two days later .
0	my party and i left to go to another restaurant .
1	my children have a great time every time !
0	skip to the second time .
1	do not bring your child here .
0	i am definitely going elsewhere next time .
1	i stopped in with my _num_ young children for the first time .
0	$ _num_ wasted because i never got my massage .
1	it 's mothers day and i am here with my only _num_ children .
0	did n't know how to remove gel polish .
1	why are small children allowed into the workout area ?
0	no ketchup ?
1	did i mention my children are _num_ and _num_ years old .
0	this was more than _num_ hours after i had placed the order .
1	a very small portion that hardly is enough for a child .
0	and another which was not the one my husband had ordered .
1	who the hell can sleep on a square like that besides a child !
0	and a generally miserable experience .
1	naked children in the street , bike wheels are too big .
0	the food is poor .
1	the list goes on ... not to mention , we have _num_ young children !
0	this is the absolute worst steak n shake i 've ever been to .
1	who is very unprofessional and no patients with small children anyway .
0	any way i could n't figure out what their problem was .
1	one has to wonder why they want children behind closed doors separated from parents .
0	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
1	this last time , my small child was having some work done .
0	lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
1	my child got a chicken sandwich for ~ $ _num_ .
0	i felt terrible for her in that situation .
1	i 've gone several times with friends and their children .
0	horrible service .
1	never insult someone 's children .
0	these a holes .
1	after _num_ visits i will not be returning to east valley children 's center .
0	now it wo n't fit .
1	the price chart say that children under _num_ are $ _num_ .
0	just awful .
1	they would not let us in because our children are under _num_ .
0	truly , if at all possible , avoid her !
1	she explained that she would pay for the extra child .
0	i suspect it would be really delicious cold , for breakfast .
1	i was initially excited to place my child at this facility .
0	the restaurant was pretty empty , no wait for a table .
1	my child 's chicken strips came out without the fries .
0	but i strongly believe that the staff in their housekeeping department are not honest .
1	wonderful children items and fantastic music selection .
0	strawberry pies being the exception to the rule .
1	i would not take my children back here .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	i would definitely recommend a trip to the zoo especially if you have children .
0	this was our first time trying this place since moving to castle shannon .
1	i caught the hostess drinking out of my child 's to-go cup .
0	so , i had been wanting to try this place for some time .
1	* our biggest complaint with the zoo is the children 's play area .
0	they 've ruined my clothes on _num_ separate occasions !
1	the server constantly repeated that we had children ... .
0	i wo n't be going back to see him again .
1	it 's not an appropriate situation for them or for adults without children either .
0	no way would i ever stay at this motel again .
1	my children and i really enjoyed our visit here .
0	i miss the old owner of the place .
1	in our party there was _num_ adults and _num_ children .
0	pancakes were not very good .
1	oh and we can not forget the screaming children and baby !
0	i was thinking he would have stopped but did n't oh well .
1	i left with my _num_ children after waiting _num_ min to place an order .
0	when the bill comes , it is _num_ dollars .
1	as a parent of two small children , that is not all to reassuring .
0	everything else is a joke .
1	i felt like i was treated like the ugly adopted child here .
0	terrible service , rude staff .
1	i would not bring my children to a place like this .
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	our _num_ year old absolutely loves the children 's museum !
0	never coming back again , it was such a waste of money !
1	we came in from out of town to visit friends whom have children .
0	the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay .
1	went there for the gluten free menu items for my child .
0	none of the three ever tried to assist .
1	i would never take my _num_ year old child in after that experience .
0	yes , just like a bad date , we were done in _num_ minutes .
1	love this place , have been coming here since i was a child .
0	woman takes off my toe nail polish .
1	we left , with a hungry child and went elsewhere .
0	my biggest issue was the attitude i received when i called .
1	this company should be ashamed how little they care about the children .
0	not sure why it would be featured on the show .
1	as a child my uncle use to bring me a whataburger in new mexico .
0	the chicken was supposed to be grilled .
1	we were a party of _num_ with _num_ being children .
0	the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
1	my children enjoyed it as much as my wife and i .
0	worst customer service .
1	child birth is a beautiful thing and umc makes it a nightmare .
0	when that was fixed , the lines did n't roll over properly .
1	my wife loved the meatloaf and the grilled cheese for my children looked outstanding .
0	she again left for another _num_ minutes .
1	this school has completely failed my child .
0	what was worse was the pizza was just average .
1	our children ( ages _num_ and _num_ ) absolutely love it !
0	we called about the issue and they sent someone over right away .
1	the children really had a good time with lots to do .
0	as for the food and drink , it was just fine .
1	but - you do n't seat _num_ children in the bar .
0	also , no credit or debit cards here .
1	the toilet is made for a child and runs forever !
0	wo n't be going back .
1	i was really disappointed in the child care area tonight .
0	i tried the seared ahi tuna .
1	save yourself the trouble , go to phoenix children 's .
0	its crime and misleading to even give time warner _num_ star !
1	even my little children were totally unimpressed .
0	the waitress was rude and less than helpful .
1	i can see this being a great place to take children to .
0	not so great ?
1	also , children 's cough syrup .
0	thus station needs more amenities and a makeover to compete with the dc one !
1	they would n't even give us a couple minutes to settle our child down .
0	_num_ .
1	it 's a favorite of our children .
0	such a waste of time .
1	no big deal my child was in the restroom .
0	money trouble ?
1	and no children in the child care .
0	it was runny and bland .
1	it is an excellent place to learn , especially for children .
0	the beer choices and the casual menu was right up my alley .
1	terrible office management by same person that runs the children 's re .
0	too bad .
1	not safe for children !
0	nothing stood out , including the famous burnt almond torte .
1	from the moment we walked in we immediately felt unwelcome because we had children .
0	puts it into a glass and serves it to someone else .
1	it 's a shame it only caters to children .
0	pathetic !
1	its not creative kids its children in the yard !
0	this was the worst gel manicure experience i 've had .
1	thanks for taking care of my baby ( my 3rd child ) .
0	no excuse for an overcooked steak ever , and all ordered medium rare .
1	stay away and for goodness sake , do n't take your children !
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	and as parents know , if your children are happy , you are happy .
0	i ordered the chicken parm pasta and got it to go to my room .
1	do not go here if you care about your child .
0	this family of _num_ wo n't be visiting china sea ever again .
1	it looked like a child decorated it .
0	the pizza was bland , tasteless .
1	children 's entree , chicken tenders , was again over cooked and dry .
0	the menu was small and underwhelming .
1	all three of my children went to st elizabeth for many years .
0	for real , wasting money for wrong order !
1	my child was served an expired milk ( expired a month ago ) .
0	this guy seems nice but he 's actually not .
1	screaming children , people walking around upstairs at all hours .
0	in this case , never .
1	eating out with a small child is a nightmare here .
0	i gave the management a heads up , and it was not fixed .
1	constant ignored emails and calls with the excuses of a school grade child .
0	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
1	the owners do not care about the children .
0	it was clear servicing customers was an inconvenience to him .
1	and i quickly removed my child !
0	nevertheless , i will not go there , again .
1	fantastic zoo for children !
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	treats grown ups like little children .
0	service is lacking and food is mediocre .
1	sad , especially for the children that really need the program .
0	the salads are small and nothing to write about .
1	what kind of pediatric hospital does n't flavor medicine for children ?
0	if you want terrible pizza go here .
1	i really thought he was going to attack me in front of my children !
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	had _num_ children with me and our lunch was $ _num_ .
0	ok , i 'm in !
1	_num_ ca n't order children 's menu over the phone .
0	the bartenders had no desire to serve `` us '' .
1	parents do not have your child take piano lessons here !
0	after waiting way too long to even be acknowledged , my order was taken .
1	please , i repeat please do not bring your child here .
0	they charge at least $ _num_ more for bridesmaids alteration of a short dress .
1	i do not recommend going there for your children .
0	not worth the price .
1	not impressive but enough for a small child to be excited .
0	however , they deserve one star because they do have one amazing thing there .
1	they always have fun things for adults and children , which is pretty awesome !
0	but do n't expect that feeling here .
1	unfortunately this area was mostly occupied by children much older than _num_ .
0	maybe i just ate the box ?
1	do not waste your money , send your child to another school .
0	when we got to the table , we were hoping for a better experience .
1	this was impossible considering i had a six year old child with me .
0	they do n't use their space well .
1	if you care about your children you will never use this practice .
0	owner takes no responsibility for ruining clothing .
1	it reads like a children 's book report more often than not .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	my children love shopping here with me .
0	walking through this mall just creepy though .
1	staff is poorly equipped to communicate with humans and discuss child care with parents .
0	overpriced and overwhelming .
1	my children ordered chicken nuggets , they were burnt .
0	by `` multiple times '' i mean _num_ or _num_ times .
1	we had such a great morning at this children 's museum !
0	she was appalling and rude .
1	my child was admitted for _num_ days .
0	i will never go back to that place again .
1	do n't go here if you have small children .
0	i would n't take somewhere here as a pittsburgh destination though .
1	so they definitely had a nice children 's section .
0	i heard her talking about customers very badly .
1	it looked like a child had done it .
0	i do n't quite trust anybody else to help me properly .
1	for a pediatric clinic who deals with children the staff are unpleasant .
0	the veggies were old and wilted , and there was no dressing on either .
1	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
0	once they have you they make it hard to escape .
1	this restaurant is a poster child for ramsey 's kitchen nightmares .
0	tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
1	server just came by and apologized which does n't help my starving children !
0	this place is not worth the price !
1	their brunch menu has options that can appeal to everyone from vegetarians to children .
0	then the ultimate insult : _num_ kids came in selling candy bars .
1	do n't take your child here .
0	one word ; gross .
1	i 've been a patron of this establishment since i was a young child .
0	my husband and i stayed in pittsburgh for weeks and wanted to have pho .
1	the owners recently hired one of their daughters boyfriend to watch the children .
0	this place just keeps getting worse and worse .
1	we went to drop off prescriptions ( _num_ ) for both my children .
0	you 'll have a much nicer experience .
1	ordered dinner for _num_ adults and _num_ child .
0	this place was horrible .
1	we chose a low top by the window because of our child .
0	went to easter brunch , was served some coffee from a can .
1	my child is in the lower % for weight .
0	so not worth the walk that we took to get here .
1	it was supposed to be for children _num_ and under .
0	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
1	child i saw the child was extremely terrified of him .
0	horrible experience .
1	_num_ beer and my child portioned meal was nearly $ _num_ .
0	do not stay here .
1	seats that can support a child ( bare minimum ) .
0	i see the server standing right there with no response .
1	the ugly : absolutely not child friendly .
0	they also have a wind problem every time the front door is open .
1	a child could have done better .
