0	if she 's the best , i would hate to see the worst .
1	the busboy who brought us chips was rude .
0	i would n't go back .
1	i only ordered drinks and had some chips and salsa .
0	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
1	what was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip .
0	not going for it .
1	ordered a queso appetizer - the chips were kind of stale .
0	why did n't i get paid then ?
1	chocolate chip , peanut butter , sugar ?
0	after waiting for 5-10 minutes , she went back to the sales person .
1	after getting over that the waitress brought over menu and chips and salsa .
0	it was like getting a shitty breakfast in a local sub dive bar .
1	the chips tasted stale and the salsa was pretty gross too .
0	unfortunately i heard after i ordered .
1	and the pita chips are bland !
0	i do n't think their menu is limited though , it seemed fairly typical .
1	chips and salsa to start ... i 've honestly had better salsa from target .
0	i 've eaten at various mcdonalds restaurants for over _num_ years .
1	tortilla chips come standard and it 's extra for fries ?
0	the bartender does n't belong in the business .
1	the fish and chips looked great but it did n't taste like anything !
0	port authority sucks !
1	for an english pub the fish and chips were average at best .
0	if we had been drinking we would n't care .
1	i do n't return to salons where my nails chip too soon .
0	very very disappointing .
1	for starters , the chips .
0	but maybe that says more about me than it does bar charlotte .
1	chips were good ny wife said as i do n't eat them .
0	the meat balls had absolute no taste , kind of like cardboard .
1	food was so-so , i did like the fried flour tortilla chips .
0	the food left much the be desired .
1	we were told ) and only _num_ small bowls of chips for _num_ people .
0	service was ok but occasionally inattentive .
1	potato salad , chips , coleslaw , carrot raisin salad .
0	also , the home fries were just mediocre .
1	this is a chips , salsa and margarita review only .
0	what a huge disappointment .
1	the fish and chips actually took _num_ or _num_ minutes .
0	i walked in sat down , greeted by friendly staff and great decor .
1	the chips , carne asada , and carnitas were all sub-par .
0	pasta trio was bizarre .
1	chips hard and stale .
0	on top of that the cake was n't even fresh .
1	when we asked for chips she said that would be an additional $ _num_ .
0	bad idea .
1	was i received was burnt onion rings and bland chips .
0	i am giving it a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	chips were pretty good ... salsa horrible .
0	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
1	nachos are chips with taco bell meat and obvious nacho cheese from a pump .
0	i would never recommend this boutique to a bride unless you want added stress .
1	they stopped giving bean dip with the chips .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	it was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing .
0	a complete lack of work ethic , it 's disgusting .
1	- worst fish and chips imaginable .
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	however , the chips and salsa were underwhelming at the best .
0	they need to be cleaning this dirty restaurant .
1	i passed on the potato chips and drink , so he lost $ _num_ .
0	the menu was small and underwhelming .
1	about 10-15 minutes later , chips and salsa came out .
0	the table they sat us at , smelled so badly !
1	the chip order was not delivered .
0	i have paid $ _num_ for a car was and received a better quality .
1	chips and salsa was not edible .
0	but the reason i went was to try the lobster raviolis .
1	their chips are like cardboard and the salsa never tastes fresh .
0	overall , the look of the store just seems to be tired .
1	chips and salsa tasted like pace .
0	no explanation at all was given .
1	the chips that they bring out are gigantic .
0	parking is difficult to come by , and you have to pay .
1	sadly , the chips were the kind you bit from the store .
0	and the bathrooms were nasty .
1	it 's pretty hard to make a bad chocolate chip pancake .
0	that is where the efficiency and service took a turn for the worst .
1	fried chips and onion rings were not good either .
0	not comparable to the other top ten pizza joints in pittsburgh .
1	last time there was a dirty folded receipt in the chips .
0	my lunch companion had roast beef and regretted ordering anything .
1	even the salsa for the chips was thin and tasteless .
0	we will not be back .
1	i have the biscuits and chipped beef gravy .
0	further , they were unapologetic when i complained .
1	actually i take that partially back , the chips and salsa were good .
0	the second time , though , was tonight , valentine 's day .
1	chips were just extra greasy , salsa watered down , meals without much taste .
0	horrible drink ( old fashioned ) ?
1	i ordered a turkey sandwich meal with chips and diet coke no ice .
0	mine were n't made because they had the wrong size lens .
1	as for the food the chips and salsa were on point .
0	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
1	the chips were good but the salsa was very bland and watery .
0	she could n't believe that i said that .
1	waited to be seated and told the were out of chips .
0	the menu is n't particularly veg friendly , but it 's not too bad .
1	each time they 've been out of mint n chip .
0	the eggplant was soggy and not great .
1	after _num_ mins no beers , no chips .
0	the desk ) until i 've given the room the all clear .
1	both chip plates where dirty along with our silverware .
0	this would easy go for $ _num_ at other places during lunch .
1	plates and bowls ( all of them ) were chipped .
0	_num_ .
1	we were charged extra for more chips and the soda was watered down .
0	it should n't be this way .
1	even the chips and salsa are n't terribly good .
0	... seriously , how does one even mess that up ?
1	the seasoned chips had no seasoning flavor or even salt that we could taste .
0	the service was also extremely slow .
1	chips and salsa are complimentary .
0	the owner is very pretentious and rude .
1	a cold bean dip with hot chips ?
0	i did n't think it was that good .
1	chips are stale .
0	i do n't enjoy doing it .
1	there were no scratches or chips on the car prior to bringing it in .
0	i asked if he is a doctor and she replied , `` no .
1	chips and salsa for a snack on a regular basis .
0	it literally killed me to leave a tip .
1	soggy chips with a good steak .
0	steve and linda were so rude and unprofessional !
1	the chips were stale .
0	yes , just like a bad date , we were done in _num_ minutes .
1	we waited , but no water , chips , or menus arrived .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	drinks were good but the chips and salsa were n't great .
0	the salad was nothing special .
1	they also charge $ _num_ for a second helping of chips and salsa .
0	i do n't understand why people love this place .
1	chips are obviously from bags .
0	the bathrooms were disgusting .
1	even the chips was bland !
0	upon arrival , the place is nearly empty .
1	the chips were also nothing special .
0	they never reached out to me , not once !
1	for me , i needed to have the mint mint chocolate chocolate chip .
0	server kim was awesome .
1	my house made chips were good & cole slaw had very little flavor .
0	i drove _num_ minutes for overpriced `` german '' food .
1	got the salsa but no chips !
0	wow are their servers just lazy or dumb ?
1	we had the bleu cheese chips , which were excellent .
0	no more .
1	sandwiches come with chips , not fries .
0	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
1	they charge for chips and sauce on top of the burrito .
0	i 've been wanting to stop in here for the longest time .
1	the chips tasted freshly made but were a little greasy for my liking .
0	_num_ . )
1	the only good thing was the chips ... not going back .
0	last night the service was especially lackluster .
1	unfortunately the chips are soggy after _num_ minute .
0	but the burger was n't memorable at all .
1	the service , chips and salsa were fine then it all went south .
0	this place sucks the cashiers are either very rude , slow and incompetent .
1	the good part of that meal were the kettle chips , really !
0	visited on a friday night and it was pretty crowded .
1	then no bean dip with the chips ... okay we ordered it .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	no chips and salsa to start with just styrofoam !
0	it has n't been cleaned in months .
1	greasy chips , tasteless watery salsa and horrible food !
0	it was all kind of meh to me .
1	the chips were rubber and dripping with oil .
0	the owner was sitting right there and did n't do anything or say anything .
1	chips and salsa were ok .
0	dirty and slow .
1	almost every piece had either bones or bone chips in it .
0	he also made a mistake that required fixing after the fact .
1	it seemed like a bunch of toppings thrown together with chips and ranch dressing .
0	the restaurant was clean and the people working were friendly .
1	they actually tasted more like cereal than tortilla chips .
0	but that 's not the worst .
1	bland factory chips and the um , salsa you say ?
0	however , the customer service lacks excellence and the wifi is completely unreliable .
1	his second choice is the chocolate chip coffee cake .
0	i thanked the jerk for his time and drove off .
1	the chips were so so but would be much better served warm .
0	the dining room was about half full .
1	chips were stale .
0	disappointed but not giving up , we ordered one of each and proceeded .
1	do not get fish and chips , over fried on old oil .
0	we booked a total of _num_ rooms with them and checked in individually .
1	same charm chipped again , this time service was horrible .
0	will never return to the store .
1	they had some chips and salsa in the bar , but neither was good .
0	baby on board , we walked in and waited to be greeted .
1	gel nails that chip after one day for $ _num_ ?
0	i sent all the food back shortly into the meal because it was cold .
1	ordered a chicken taco , beef taco , tostada , bean burrito , chips .
0	i will never place an order for me & my coworkers again .
1	the chips and salsa were just okay .
0	avoid !
1	chips were good .
0	other times , it does n't seem so busy .
1	then ended up not giving me the guac for the chips .
0	i 'm not really a messy eater , but come on !
1	theirs were the kind of generic chips you can get anywhere .
0	i had made the reservation several weeks prior , with guaranteed late arrival .
1	dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature .
0	it is a shame because buffalo blues does have potential .
1	the fish n chips were not good .
0	the pasta was cooked al dente and the sauce was n't too sweet .
1	_num_ dollars for a turkey wrap plus no more chips !
0	if they say yes , the bread is likely to be eaten .
1	chips no salsa .
0	when i checked in , the front desk staff was missing .
1	chips tasted stale .
0	i figured wrong .
1	i settled on a big chocolate chip cookie that was way too sweet .
0	this was our first time trying this place since moving to castle shannon .
1	chips are thin .
0	summary : very noisy , terrible service .
1	the chips and salsa also not that good .
0	it 's sad to me that someone would open a coffee shop like this .
1	had a chip filled on my windshield then a car wash .
0	the carrots and broccoli was cooked beyond recognition .
1	the chips were very basic , and the salsa bored me .
0	even whole foods is less expensive .
1	the chips and salsa were not good .
0	somewhat generic , but the espresso gets the job done .
1	so we get seated and still had to wait forever for chips and drinks .
0	i have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable .
1	the chips they brought us tasted bland and were t my favorite .
0	i got a chicken noodle soup and he got the seafood calzone .
1	chips were n't fully fried .
0	what a terrible experience .
1	those same tortillas are what is used for the complimentary chips and dip .
0	no more tries here .
1	the chips and salsa were eh , ok .
0	i would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat .
1	we do n't need chips and salsa , we 're supposed to get cornbread !
0	do not stay here if you have a choice .
1	the chips were soggy and no crunch to any of them at all .
0	this made my food experience not good .
1	chips and salsa were n't anything special , kind of tasted bland .
0	it appears this location has a serious management issue .
1	fish and chips , and then some southwestern dishes ... .
0	i walk in , look around , look at the menu ... hmmm .
1	the chips ... kinda bad .
0	but damn , i was hungry !
1	the chips and salsa were terrible .
0	i spend _num_ dollars on soggy food that lacked flavor .
1	i ate the salsa and chips and was getting sick .
0	i went to jiffy lube for a routine oil change .
1	the sandwiches are alright , however there are no sides or chips .
0	thats as american as fortune cookies .
1	tonight they ran out of chips .
0	make sure no flies land on your food .
1	tried some chips and salsa too .
0	first , they charge for beer and wine .
1	service was extremely slow for starters and the chips were cold and overly salted .
0	dont fall for it .
1	not very alert , begging for water or ice chips .
0	the reason you would stick to this gym is the classes .
1	shame on them for no chips and salsa !
0	absolutely a waste of time and money .
1	the furniture was chipped and the walls were dingy .
0	really bad .
1	before we were approached with chips and salsa .
0	the bed was dirty too .
1	fish and chips was very bland .
0	now , i am stuck due to the heavy fees it would cost .
1	the chips were fresh but what in the hell happened to the salsa ?
0	the only good thing was free parking out back .
1	samantha proceeds to order me to use the chip in my new card .
0	remember , the call was on speaker so i overheard both sides .
1	the chips , though , were a bit too thick for my liking .
0	definitely has the local irish bar feel to it .
1	not a fan of the flour tortilla chips , though .
0	it was n't fresh at all .
1	they were n't even freshly made chips !
0	also , the toppings were not greatly blended , just rather sprinkled .
1	i 'm not a fan of mexican restaurants that have crappy salsa and chips .
0	parking sucks .
1	i really like the salsa selections with the chips .
0	the coffee maker is disgusting and smells .
1	the chips are straight from a bag and the salsa was quite bland .
0	too many other choices in charlotte to come back here .
1	after getting our drinks , we ordered some guacamole and chips as our appetizer .
0	her corned beef was brown and bad .
1	the chips were noticeably stale , but the salsa was good .
0	the restaurant is located in a tired part of town .
1	the chips might have been the worst we have had .
0	every time i have been to cafe sam i have been very disappointed .
1	chips and salsa what mexican restaurant charges for that ?
0	such a waste of time .
1	the chips and salsa are great , but everything else is pretty bland .
0	a struggling business is always sad to see .
1	my chips taste terrible .
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	the chips were very watery .
0	the food sucked .
1	the shrimp in the fish and chips were just terrible .
0	this is something that tram 's has gotten badly wrong every time i visited .
1	when the chips came they were cold and gross .
0	the waitress was rude and tried to rush us .
1	the salsa was lame , the chips stale .
0	we stayed at the shadyside inn for months and spent thousands of dollars .
1	slow to get drink refills , did n't offer to bring more chips .
0	i 'm certain they notice , they just do n't care .
1	also , their kettle chips are only okay .
0	ordered twice in the last _num_ days and both times it was terrible .
1	spent the rest of my trip with ugly chipped nails .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	no water , no extra chips for the table of four , nothing .
0	i did n't even know you could get canned green bell peppers .
1	what i got was soggy chips under green chili .
0	so highly disappointed with my pho experience .
1	overall , it 's a nice , little fish and chips place .
0	delivery was fast but the food was terrible !
1	it took at least _num_ min to get chips .
0	it was a small roll cut into _num_ pieces ( maki ) .
1	i told her , then i did n't want the fish and chips .
0	i waited until _num_ and knocked normally so that it would be heard .
1	the chips were soaked with grease and the salsa was bland .
0	waited _num_ minutes before someone asked if we needed something .
1	the chips had no salt and the salsa tasted like ketchup .
0	the current tenant informed me that the roof leaked .
1	the chips & salsa that followed were completely underwhelmed .
0	bar food none too exceptional .
1	the chips were all broken and stale .
0	very disappointed that this is the only photo store in the city .
1	the only thing i liked was the chips !
0	i never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members .
1	they start you off with chips and salsa .
0	horrible experience .
1	however the chips are way too thick , that 's just a preference though .
0	who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
1	first , the chips tasted over done .
0	do n't think i 'll be back .
1	they brought chips and _num_ salsas .
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	when the food showed up it was just as bland as the chips .
0	be warned that everything here comes with french fries , even the salads .
1	got tiny tiny bowl of chips , no salsa .
0	i did n't care .
1	i see a chip in your window do you want it fixed .
0	i would n't call this place authentic korean bbq .
1	chips and salsa came immediately .
0	i felt bad just ordering free beer so i ordered a sandwich .
1	neither one of us ate more than _num_ chips .
0	so , needless to say , not the best experience .
1	chips and salsa were really good , but beware the chips cost $ _num_ .
0	- none of the food was super awesome .
1	chips greasy and thin .
0	seating is first come , first served .
1	i was given a small bag of tortilla chips , and those were passable .
0	they came out on a sunday which is much appreciated .
1	chips and salsa were old and tasteless .
0	monday , tuesday and wednesday came and went .
1	we were there for over _num_ minutes before we received chips and salsa .
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	probably _num_ tortilla chips .
0	skip this place if you do n't want to feel ill after dining .
1	no free chips and salsa like every other mexican restaurant on the planet .
0	additionally , i was not too thrilled with the atmosphere or beer selection .
1	the salsa that comes with the chips is only okay .
0	the gravy ( breakfast gravy ) was warm , however everything underneath was cold .
1	the chips & salsa were mediocre at best , probably not even that .
0	i will give sushi kim another chance because i know others rave about it .
1	the sweet potato chips were n't much better ; too greasy and stale .
0	it was just ordinary .
1	they had brought chips but no drinks .
0	you 're paying like $ _num_ a night for no soap .
1	your first bowl of chips is complimentary ; additional bowls are $ _num_ .
0	i do not like this company !
1	he also brought chips with meal - not sure why at that point .
0	the building is old and dirty .
1	i feel like $ _num_ for a platter should include chips .
0	called back and was told wait time would be _num_ minutes .
1	chips get _num_ stars .
0	however , they have several cooked selections .
1	the old put the store bought chips on the bottom trick .
0	i do n't understand how this place is even in business .
1	$ _num_ for chips and guac is n't cheap !
0	i wish i could give this no stars and a thumbs down !
1	also the very small potato chips for the kettle bag is $ _num_ .
0	the burger just falls apart in your hands ( or onto your lap ) .
1	the chips ( french fries ) were cold and tough ... never again .
0	i gave him my drink order and then he asked for our dinner order .
1	the chips and salsa were good with a little bit of spice .
0	was also told i get free $ _num_ gift certificate at restaurant.com .
1	also , the staff was fairly rude and all had chips on their shoulders .
0	the old guy continued to drink wine and yelled at another waitress .
1	is it so expensive to have more than one bowl of chips ?
0	do n't walk away .
1	we had nachos that were on slightly stale chips .
0	sit back down and i 'll take your order . ''
1	i only wished that the ceviche came with chips instead of crackers .
0	just thought you should know .
1	half of the chips were stuck together and under done .
0	first of all , our service was awful .
1	they have awesome salsa but not awesome chips .
0	the fries for $ _num_ were undercooked .
1	no french fries , just bags of chips .
