0	all right , now i 'm really done .
1	i wish there was a `` _num_ star '' choice for this place .
0	terrible customer service , disrespectful in fact .
1	bagels not well displayed , very few choices .
0	they did n't even reschedule my appointment with another stylist when she did .
1	i approved , not having a better choice .
0	i had carryout .
1	not my choice for a lunch companion !
0	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
1	you get your choice of cheese and i asked for cheddar .
0	no apologies nothing .
1	so i have no choice but keep it .
0	i get there , look at their giant selection and get excited .
1	not the right choice with so many others in the area .
0	your brand is being damaged because your staff does n't seem to care .
1	needless to say we will not be back if we have a choice .
0	they did n't even cover up all of my roots !
1	not our first visit , not our first choice .
0	i 'm always always always made to feel like i 'm stupid ( seriously ?
1	i ca n't eat dairy , but eggs and meat are my choice .
0	the crab dip was another disappointment .
1	probably not the best choice for any business .
0	busy , slow and awful .
1	i am sure there are better choices .
0	wish i had looked it up earlier .
1	we also did n't get a choice of our sides .
0	do n't you care about your reputation and good name ?
1	bad choice .
0	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
1	his healthy choice white meat chicken was not done .
0	this place was awful .
1	too many other choices out there better than this .
0	service -- - probably the worst service i 've ever had there .
1	not my choice in spending a friday night .
0	found out he left less than a month after this incident .
1	desert choices were flourless chocolate cake and cheesecake .
0	!
1	we ordered fried rice and wontons , as that seemed a safe choice .
0	it just sucks here .
1	given the choice , i would choose other bars over joe 's .
0	highly disappointing .
1	the menu is basically two choices : steak or chicken .
0	why did n't they do that in the first place .
1	way overpriced , extreme unhealthy food choices ?
0	we were starving waiting on our food .
1	peter piper pizza was a way better choice for dinner last night .
0	contrary to popular believe , this is not traditional italian !
1	so if you have a choice do not come to this post office .
0	ball within the already limited selection .
1	poor choices of sides ( e.g .
0	_num_ .
1	front office staff has been the deciding factor for me in this choice .
0	should try ordering from the menu it might be better .
1	i would not come back here again if i ha a choice .
0	loud , loud , loud !
1	lots of drink choices ... beers ... wines ... mixed drinks .
0	but the place was disgusting and the cashier was incredibly rude .
1	choice of _num_ sandwiches - exactly the same in every single one .
0	all it would have take n was a new pizza and wings .
1	my biggest issue is the rude short notice and no choice on my part .
0	had n't even read the reviews beforehand .
1	with all of the fabulous choices in the south hills , pick another destination .
0	it 's not 5-star , it 's pizza .
1	you pay for a choice cut of meat and get waffle house food .
0	worst customer service !
1	this was my number _num_ choice for dinner .
0	no sorry or who told you this .
1	unfortunately that burger was `` _num_ 'd '' ... as was her second choice .
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	with all the other choices out there - we probably wo n't be back .
0	fish market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity or new management .
1	there are definitely much better choices for the money in scottsdale .
0	i had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay .
1	they updated their menu and now have very very limited choices .
0	staff definitely are really rude .
1	too many other choices out there .
0	the service was terrible .
1	this restaurant is not my number _num_ choice .
0	and _num_ % of the time your order is wrong .
1	very pricey , not many food choices .
0	food came slow and was cold .
1	rent from somebody else if you have the choice .
0	worst service ever !
1	i really wish there were more teppanyaki choices in n. scottsdale .
0	they get two for the great service but everything else was not so good .
1	ive been twice now , and both times were not by choice .
0	it did not even look appetizing .
1	ranch with the wings ( not offered the choice ) ?
0	the taste is reminiscent of pho but is n't quite right .
1	got into town late and so pizza delivery was our only choice .
0	unfortunately , pamela 's is neither of these things .
1	the choices are limited and not that good .
0	when i got home they did n't give me my kids meals .
1	however , given a choice , why go and have bad food ?
0	rude .
1	they act like a small town store - like we have no other choices .
0	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction .
1	i made a bad choice please do n't do the same .
0	eventually i had enough and left , which they still probably did n't notice .
1	bad choice on my part ?
0	the toppings on my salad were barely there .
1	you have a choice of fries , fruit , or salad as a side .
0	does n't anyone come and check this ?
1	i would never , ever come to this bowling alley again by choice .
0	the walls have wall paper torn off throughout the place .
1	if you really have a choice , go to garage across the street .
0	i have n't received my piece yet and its been about _num_ days .
1	there are too many other choices for mexican food to keep going back .
0	our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted .
1	there are many other choices if you 're looking for fake italian food .
0	the barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push .
1	we obviously chose uncle sams , which ended up being the wrong choice .
0	we decided to try room service ... what a mistake .
1	they only had three choices for steaks .
0	the meat balls had absolute no taste , kind of like cardboard .
1	however i was told that they have gluten-free pasta and other choices .
0	it was a neon pink color and tasted like dried out chewy dog food .
1	but that did n't mean we got our choice of tables .
0	the burger is dry and lacks flavor .
1	pedestrian food , there are better choices in the area .
0	needless to say , we skipped dessert .
1	return factor - _num_ % , but not by choice .
0	the food , however , was disappointing .
1	unless you have no other choice do not shop here .
0	the bathrooms were atrocious .
1	that hour no longer exists , replaced by a very unhappy choice of dishes .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	for the money , there are plenty of other italian choices .
0	i 'm too annoyed right now to make any funny comments .
1	poor service , poor choices .
0	another lost sale opportunity .
1	mashed potatoes was my only choice .
0	maybe i should cut down on the costco dogs ?
1	the new management however left me no choice but to shop somewhere else .
0	what a disappointing easter dinner .
1	i am a vegetarian , so i was already limited in my choices .
0	i 'm not a coffee snob i can do with it or without it .
1	the menu is too much , too big , too many choices .
0	on arrival , waitress seemed lost .
1	i was offered another choice so i took the pork chops .
0	_num_ mins .
1	lots of other hotel choices in the area .
0	going downhill ... ... man , what happened to this place ?
1	the menu is small with very limited choices .
0	ordered the eggplant with shrimp , veggie fried rice , and chicken satay .
1	sushi was average & choices extremely limited .
0	i woke up with bed bug bites all over my body !
1	the prices are reasonable but the choices are slim .
0	worst brazilian wax i have ever gotten .
1	horrible food choices besides the salads .
0	should i really tell him how much he deserved ?
1	too many other good choices around town .
0	they were cold but did not taste fresh .
1	if you live in the area , i guess you have no choice .
0	no one should have to go thru what i am currently going thru .
1	with so many choices , i simply ca n't consider this one again .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	there are so many choices in the valley guys , look at these reviews .
0	party involved said it was fine and asked me not to say something .
1	do not stay here if you have a choice .
0	the only plus was the shuttle service and driver .
1	poor choice to spend your $ $ .
0	never came out to see how we were doing .
1	why go to a buffet with no choices .
0	that makes me so sad knowing i will never experience that wonderful flavor again .
1	if you have a choice , i would not recommend this place .
0	i give a _num_ rating only because of the service .
1	there are too many other choices .
0	services between spas are typically the same .
1	lots of choices of sauces but they still could n't make it delicious .
0	they put oil on the sandwich , but no other dressing .
1	a choice of something is nearly impossible because of the size of the store .
0	would n't come here again .
1	may be i should stop coming here & look for other asian food choices .
0	but i did n't send it back because i never send anything back .
1	there was not one pasta choice .
0	i will tell people not to go there and i will never go back .
1	i doubt we will go back , too many other choices .
0	we were eating here often , but it got boring quickly .
1	def not my next choice .
0	i do n't want to be too mean .
1	there are many better choices .
0	the beginning check in should 've been a red flag for us to run .
1	plus , i have no other choice .
0	wait time : we had a reservation , so we were seated right away .
1	and i did n't have as many side choices ?
0	nothing to recommend .
1	too many other choices .
0	i order the jack daniel 's chicken and shrimp with just fries .
1	on the choice of cheap vegetables to accompany the cheese .
0	we may have waited _num_ minutes before our table was ready .
1	just in the way it is laid out and with the choices .
0	also questionable tofu in the vegetarian spring rolls .
1	they find a lens fit and does n't give you any choice .
0	not the crusty italian bread .
1	casa grande does n't have many choices .
0	ugh .
1	steak and chicken was our choice .
0	these folks are not honest and just want you out of there quickly .
1	they have very limited choices for vegetarians .
0	it was disgusting .
1	too many other good choices nearby to give them a second chance - sorry .
0	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
1	westin would be a better choice for a little more money .
0	i 'm just not crazy about the vibe here .
1	if you have a choice , do not use this company .
0	i will likely not give them my business again .
1	if i had my choice of a hospitals i would not have come here .
0	i will give sushi kim another chance because i know others rave about it .
1	for the price , there are many other choices around ( e.g .
0	- chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool .
1	i went as part of a group so did not really have a choice .
0	the restaurant is the worst .
1	too many better choices around to deal with poor and slow service .
0	i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
1	boo to this airport and its eating choices , boo !
0	needless to say , i will never be going here again .
1	no more than a few wine choices and a near empty wine wall .
0	their foods are not that tasteful .
1	where this terminal is the best is in the choice of food and drinks .
0	she was clearly in a hurry .
1	sake selection is small , _num_ or _num_ low end choices .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	not our 1st choice when seeking mexican , even though it 's nearby .
0	if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
1	there were n't many choices at the bar .
0	i 'm sorry , but you get one star for that .
1	the boneless short ribs was a bad , bad choice for the appetizer .
0	_num_ .
1	since i did not have my tools with me i had no choice .
0	took _num_ days to pick up the cut sofa !
1	overall if i had another choice i 'd probably not go through phoenix .
0	i 've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff .
1	i went to cheese 'n stuff to buy cheese and the choices were laughable .
0	rude .
1	unfortunately , my second choice would have needed brownies , too !
0	mediocre food and also over-priced .
1	also , what kind of soda choices are these ?
0	not worth the trip .
1	food was ok , beer choices were mediocre considering the breweries in az .
0	unbelievable .
1	if it 's my choice , i wo n't be back .
0	i should have known better given that it only had one positive review .
1	this pizza hut is not a top choice , but ok in a pinch .
0	consider where this place is , the prices are really really high .
1	there are much better sushi choices available .
0	when we showed up , it was like i 'd never called .
1	i do not recommend this hospital , perhaps banner may be a better choice .
0	his jacket did n't fit and his white shirt was worse than mine .
1	she soon regretted her choice as much as i regretted my lasagna .
0	the slice of chocolate cake , while a descent size , was rather tasteless .
1	i was n't given a choice .
0	ok , i did , and i stopped eating .
1	being a vegetarian , there are n't many choices for me on the menu .
0	the crab cakes were also bad .
1	wendy 's is one of the slim choices for food .
0	all our food was the thrown together in the same pan .
1	there were several other choices i could have made .
0	i was n't really a fan .
1	if zero stars were a choice that is what i would give them .
0	it was all mushy breading and very little chicken .
1	even if things were open , there are very few choices for decent food .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	there are much better choices in uptown charlotte !
0	but for $ _num_ , and that 's all you get ?
1	ignoring these details was a poor choice on my part .
0	terrible .
1	i accepted this appointment , having no other choice .
0	it is such a rip off .
1	you really left me no choice .
0	they have a salt problem .
1	if zero was a choice i 'd go with that .
0	luckily , we had two $ _num_ dollar bills and it worked .
1	they are not my first choice .
0	i waited _num_ minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence .
1	my company arranged this rental so i have no choice this time .
0	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
1	i was n't blown away by the choices .
0	what happened ?
1	having no other choice i accepted this new appointment .
0	ordered a glass of wine and beers for my companions .
1	obviously at this point i had no choice .
0	so i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes to find someone to pay .
1	so overall , easy to make a better choice anywhere else .
0	i go once or twice a week roughly , but never again .
1	disappointed in my queens feast choice .
0	there was only one waitress on for the whole restaurant , upstairs and down .
1	_num_ was n't a choice , but _num_ is to high .
0	one of the people working said that was probably because of `` renovations . ''
1	long security lines , poor food choices , and dirty bathrooms .
0	the food by best is subpar and barely mediocre .
1	my husband and i probably went with the least interesting choices .
0	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
1	the choices were pumpkin or chocolate pecan pie .
0	they do n't take debit or credit cards .
1	do n't deal with these people if you have a choice .
0	friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
1	not a good choice for running between flights .
0	mine was not very cold and his pour was light .
1	you have your choice of where you spend your money .
0	it really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients .
1	glad there are choices for other lexus dealerships .
0	and the food itself certainly left a lot to be desired .
1	not likely to return here anytime soon by choice .
0	at best , less than mediocre breakfast .
1	i would not recommend any of these choices to a friend or family member .
0	unfortunately , the wi-fi here is miserable .
1	look , chain restaurants limit choice .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	so , if you have a choice , do n't use this pharmacy !
0	they complained that our house was not clean and scared off the potential tenants .
1	probably not the best choice for any business . ''
0	the worst part was checking out .
1	will not be my choice for future stays in charlotte .
0	i expected a nice tangy flavor to compliment the meat but was disappointed .
1	it 's your money people , it 's your choice .
0	kmart is doing okay as is the giant eagle .
1	bad choice for a saturday lunch .
0	dear pittsburgh , we are foodies from boston .
1	i guess i do n't really have a choice .
0	dirty paper towels all over the women 's bathroom .
1	not a fan of the choices sky harbor thinks acceptable .
0	the only thing that saved the evening from disaster were our server and busser .
1	- lots of food choices ... burgers ... steak ... chicken ... salads .
0	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
1	i will never use them again , too many other choices .
0	it was a very disappointing meal .
1	much better choices for mexican food in champaign .
0	it was quite mediocre for old school burgers and fries .
1	i do n't want to give _num_ star but have no choice .
0	next time i 'll try morton 's or capital grille .
1	i was overwhelmed by the choices .
0	the sad part about this is they really try .
1	uninspired and bland food choices .
0	what a wreck .
1	a bad choice for a motel in phoenix if your plans include sleep .
0	the biggest downfall of duke 's , though , is the food .
1	in and out would have been a better choice .
0	but i really do n't think there 's much you can mess up .
1	if i had the choice , i would not eat here again .
0	sorry , just not interested .
1	will not be returning with all the late night choices down central .
0	so - they 've lost a customer - a platinum customer .
1	too many other choices in charlotte to come back here .
0	terribly salty `` lobster roll '' on greasy bread .
1	but you gave me too many choices .
0	those expectations kind of fell flat .
1	i hate to even give this place a star but i have no choice .
0	my steak hoagie was actually two mini sandwiches .
1	remember , there are many car rental choices available .
0	but over the years it has gone down hill .
1	cause the alternative is one boring salad choice .
0	worse than eat park quality .
1	lesson learned : even thai food is n't always a safe choice .
0	overall , this made a horrible day worse .
1	waffle house would have been a better choice than this ihop .
0	this is not even worthy of the name .
1	if you have a choice you should avoid this company .
0	instead of _num_ .
1	this was n't my first choice , but sullivan 's was not available .
0	poor food poor excuses and apparently poor ownership .
1	so , no choice but to walk .
0	overcooked and cold .
1	two stars for good beer selection , but lots of better choices nearby .
0	receptionists were beyond awful .
1	at _num_ pm , we were handed large menus with several dozen interesting choices .
0	maybe part of the problem was expectations ?
1	i always ship with ups but this has made me second guess my choice .
0	unfortunately i heard after i ordered .
1	i would suggest that there must be a better choice in madison .
0	i did not use the comforter and one of the layers .
1	and old vegetable and only _num_ or _num_ choices ... all gross .
0	after reading reviews i was afraid of what kind of service we would encounter .
1	the chicken grill is bad choice for us as well .
0	overpriced , terrible customer service , and long wait times .
1	we have other choices down here safeway !
0	bad service !
1	the verdict : any other italian restaurant is a better choice .
0	so i 'm not sure how much he 'd approve of this bar .
1	stay elsewhere if you have a choice .
0	this time was not so good .
1	waiters are not pleasant , choices are spaghetti dishes and chicken dishes without spaghetti !
0	the waitstaff go out of their way to not help you .
1	first regional would not be my first choice for emergency or regular animal care .
0	we were disappointed with our entrees .
1	apparently this was a bad choice .
0	i was in a time crunch , so paid anyways .
1	there are many choices in charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one .
0	needless to say , we were unable to take advantage of any specials .
1	i 'd rather not go back to this establishment if i have a choice .
0	to me , that is beyond ridiculous .
1	plus , the chinese food choices in central phoenix are pretty sparse .
0	the main courses themselves were a disaster .
1	the only reason to stay here is if you do n't have a choice .
0	she not only lost out on a past customer .
1	michaels would 've been a better choice .
0	i should have looked or felt it before i left the store .
1	i reply by stating that i do n't feel that i have a choice .
0	needless to say , we did n't stay to eat and went elsewhere .
1	limited choice of toppings .
