0	the beet salad was underwhelming .
1	in fact , we should already be closed . ''
0	worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
1	it was as if they closed the place down and just left us .
0	i can not review the food .
1	they should close it down at this point .
0	worse customer service ever .
1	this place definitely needs a health inspection , and probably needs to be closed .
0	there was no background music .
1	but alas , two weeks after going here they are closed down .
0	the manager on duty came out to apologize , which i did appreciate .
1	i recommend if the rides are closed do n't waste your money .
0	terrible crab bisque .
1	come on , the bar was not even close to busy .
0	needless to say , this completely ruined my meal .
1	hey , sprint , you guys need to close this store .
0	the shrimp were perfectly cooked , though , and i was thankful for that .
1	looks like they closed their doors only a few days ago .
0	this was the worst service and experience i have ever received !
1	edit : they 're closed ?
0	it begins with no signs saying where the hotel is at .
1	nothing on yelp says they are closed .
0	a refill was never offered .
1	i made sure to check what time they closed ( 6pm ) .
0	they gave me another burnt sandwich .
1	i was forced to use them because my normal dry cleaner was closed .
0	it 's like breakfast at most any other diner .
1	unfortunately more than half the areas were closed due to private parties .
0	fake words aside , this pizza really sucks guys .
1	these little bakeries then wonder why they have to close their doors .
0	i have nothing good to say about this place .
1	the crew starts closing at _num_ when they close _num_ to _num_ .
0	not cool , bar louie .
1	they refuse to close the rooms where the construction is taking place .
0	just average unfortunately .
1	i will most likely not return to this restaurant unless everything else is closed .
0	do not take your car to midas !
1	we did n't realize most of the restaurants are closed on mondays .
0	i did n't finish it .
1	they are n't even close to being ready .
0	waiter was awful and food ( pad thai ) was not much better .
1	even the seasonal ( yes , summer items ) were closed .
0	she left her other co-worker to handle the entire crowd .
1	no information or sorry they were closed .
0	she apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables .
1	i got there _num_ minutes to close .
0	sooo wrong .
1	i was confused because they did n't close for another _num_ hours .
0	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
1	fire marshall bill would close the place .
0	i dined at morton 's last night jan _num_ , _num_ .
1	they were already closed so i could n't call .
0	i would n't order food here , again .
1	stopped in this morning to meet some folks for coffee and it was closed .
0	this shell station is horrible .
1	they close at _num_ on friday and _num_ on saturday and sunday .
0	btw , we did n't have an inexpensive lunch .
1	would n't be surprised if this one closed soon .
0	but i placed the order online , then i am on hold again .
1	the website clearly said it closed at _num_ p.m. .
0	this place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising .
1	thank god it closed cause in the past _num_ years it got bad .
0	this was gross and a waste of _num_ dollars .
1	everytime we attempt to come here they are closed .
0	very dim lighting somewhere between romantic and creepy .
1	pool and spa were also closed a lot because of maintenance .
0	they were again completely flavorless , but warmer .
1	if you 're closed , shut your lights off .
0	i was very disappointed with new china .
1	drove down and definitely are closed on sundays .
0	after _num_ minutes without getting closer to the register , i gave up .
1	we were refused service and told they were getting ready to close .
0	the garbage and mail are very inconvenient .
1	the waiter seated us -- close to the kitchen , i realized with disappointment .
0	i arrived and was disappointed to not see the arrangement i ordered .
1	even the club closes relatively early .
0	i was here once and probably wo n't be back .
1	their supposedly best hot wings are n't even close to being the best .
0	it 's disgusting .
1	sorry , this place closed about a year ago !
0	never came out to see how we were doing .
1	and they had already proceeded to close off other areas of the restaurant .
0	do n't bother .
1	unfortunately , mike & tony 's closes by 6pm .
0	i was expecting $ _num_ + $ _num_ salad upgrade .
1	taco bell is almost closed , so where else to go ?
0	the only redeeming quality is the young girl who works here .
1	`` i 'm sorry , we close at six . ''
0	Neutral
1	they do n't close for _num_ hours .
0	the pancakes were ok , a little mushy but flavorful .
1	also with many of the exhibits closed it was a bit pricey .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	well the emergency facility was closed due to regular vet facilities being open .
0	slow service , horrible , horrible food .
1	gates do n't close at night so anyone can come and go .
0	target reminds me of hills when i was a kid .
1	if everything else is closed , and you 're starving , go here .
0	talk about a nasty look and attitude .
1	too busy closing to provide customer service !
0	i just paid the bill and we left and went to eat n park .
1	once again told close them up in a room for _num_ hours .
0	service is actually friendly , but slow , and all the employees are weird .
1	this was approximately four weeks after we were to close .
0	_num_ stars ?
1	i guess i was supposed to know that it was closed .
0	jiffy lube sucked .
1	i just closed my account at the tempe branch .
0	however , i gave this place two stars instead of one .
1	i went to my room , to find the door not fully closed .
0	oily , greasy and bad taste .
1	so everyday this house does n't close , he is losing money .
0	second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious .
1	i was excited to know there was one close to me .
0	they should be serving free meals to anyone they stick at that table .
1	this place is closed _num_ years ago .
0	lack of flavor really hurts them in my opinion .
1	we ate breakfast food at 2:30 am after the bars closed .
0	let me repeat , never again .
1	i asked what time they close tomorrow , he said , `` 8:30 '' .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	if your store is closed , lock the doors and put up a sign .
0	i had the walnut crusted salmon sandwich and jordan had the reuben .
1	the car was supposed to be fixed by close of business today .
0	so , it 's not really much of a win at all .
1	maybe their reviews were closed because they were bad .
0	the food sucked .
1	unfortunate other restaurants have closed in town because they were a lot better .
0	it was thick and gooey and the flavor did n't wow .
1	i walked in just as they were closing after driving an hour there .
0	the staff is rude and store is usually very dirty .
1	pulled up at _num_ to watch the businesses lights go off , they closed .
0	horrible .
1	if i closed my eyes i would n't be able to tell them apart .
0	we left , went to the charlotte store and they were amazing .
1	he refused to close out the rental until i agreed to it .
0	giant eagle should be ashamed of this establishment .
1	not even close to a new york pizza by any standard .
0	this place is far too expensive to be serving food poorly prepared .
1	not even close to the best in madison .
0	as late as it was , there was no offer to comp the pizza .
1	maybe the basketball court should close at a decent time so kids can sleep .
0	i am hoping that my experience here was an off night .
1	went here , was n't aware of what time they close .
0	this place has the worst service i have ever seen .
1	he closed the box and handed it back to me .
0	after that , everything else is what i consider the personal taste part .
1	however , for the longest time the back pool was closed !
0	after pasta , comes the protein , that includes meatballs , then finally salad .
1	i recommend that this place be closed down , before someone gets sick .
0	this is a very small irish pub .
1	`` we 're closed , do n't you understand ! ''
0	avoid !
1	they were closing in _num_ min .
0	ridiculous .
1	not even close in fact .
0	however , my father and i shared the porterhouse for two .
1	never seen any of them even close to half full .
0	i thought it was from a sloppy oil change .
1	also , they close very early no matter what their hours say .
0	also , parking is a big problem .
1	nothing was said they would be closed for however long its going to take .
0	that will be ignored and you will wait like everyone else .
1	they 've gone way downhill and its no wonder they 're all closing down .
0	penne was mediocre at best .
1	but i still cant get over the fact there closed on mondays .
0	she then starts up the stairs and says `` no go upstairs . ''
1	is this place permanently closed ?
0	_num_ minutes later , we were done .
1	they should close an hour earlier then !
0	and after her comments , i 'm so glad that i decided to leave .
1	the bathroom door did n't close over the rug that was on the floor .
0	they made us wait simply because they ca n't staff correctly .
1	first , we were disappointed by how many places were closed on a sunday .
0	when i want to cook pretentious gourmet food , they have every ingredient ready .
1	went to grab some food from the local gas station because everything was closed .
0	i 'd rather spend my money at goodwill !
1	pain in the ass , they are closed for _num_ weeks .
0	skip this place if you do n't want to feel ill after dining .
1	it is a saturday with many shoppers yet half the dressing rooms were closed .
0	which the bench under the tv is an absolutely terrible idea !
1	is closed for renovations this week .
0	i 've basically been told i 'm not getting my security deposit back .
1	ben and jerry 's sadly were unable to stay on and had to close .
0	this restaurant is not my number _num_ choice .
1	if you close before _num_ _num_ than change your hours to reflect that !
0	they just came up with some excuse .
1	the day we went , several rides were closed .
0	disgusting .
1	kitchen closed at _num_ ; _num_ pm ?
0	after finishing mine , we inquired about our take out .
1	also , why close the bar _num_ minutes early ?
0	no thanks .
1	the website clearly stated the restaurant closed at 10pm .
0	the restaurant is understaffed , poorly managed , and the staff is badly trained .
1	the sign on the door says they close at _num_ pm .
0	the meat was extremely bland , with very little seasoning .
1	no one told us that the place was closing at _num_ .
0	the sauce that was served with it did n't do much to save it .
1	this is not a mom and pop shop that closes when its slow .
0	it 's not 5-star , it 's pizza .
1	the guy who answered said `` no , we close in _num_ min '' .
0	as my boyfriend was talking with the cab company , a waitress walked by .
1	as i part with my money , the window begins to close .
0	i will not return to this place again .
1	their kitchen closes way too early !
0	it 's not that delish .
1	this restaurant closed down about a year ( or more ) ago .
0	i wish i could give this place no stars !
1	this is no al 's beef ( unfortunately the one in scottsdale closed ) .
0	this is a very odd restaurant .
1	i arrived at _num_ pm and they are supposed to close at _num_ .
0	rules made by men .
1	felt rushed all night and was n't busy and not closed .
0	salad will come first , then a couple of dogs , then fries .
1	this place needs to be closed - stay away !
0	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
1	drove _num_ min and they were closed .
0	too many good italian places in pittsburgh to choose here .
1	my wife had problems one night with her car when the office was closed .
0	they just wanted to work , i guess .
1	they wanted to close up early , so they screwed the customer , me .
0	you should skip this place for sure .
1	sadly , they are now closed .
0	nothing special - have no idea why people would rave about this .
1	the trunk would n't close properly .
0	i had very little meat in mine , and more coleslaw that anything else .
1	i wonder why they are not closed yet .
0	outside of that bar louie leaves a lot to be desired .
1	closed up lights off .
0	only had a bite of that and threw it away .
1	went there today , saturday at 4:30 in the afternoon and they were closed .
0	it was like an old sweet an sour sauce with a little spice .
1	im closing my account and going to wells fargo .
0	service was sub par at best .
1	i mean , cheap , fast , mexican food and its close by .
0	ill pass i 've had better thai for less .
1	checked in at 6:00 to find out was closed .
0	this pizza is not good .
1	might as well be closed if they are going to do that !
0	and the prices too high .
1	not only about when they close , but when they open .
0	the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful .
1	yelp as well as the online website said they close at _num_ .
0	this place is a pittsburgh legend u got ta stop in .
1	banfield pet hospitals need to have the corporate office close them down !
0	i got the lobster roll and was really disappointed .
1	this is place will close down before to long .
0	no salad .
1	we were n't even ten minutes late and the office closed in _num_ minutes .
0	they were busy , but our waitress was slightly cold and barely around .
1	it 's so unsafe , i believe it should be closed down .
0	they are n't rated properly , just easy , medium , or hard .
1	walked in at _num_ minutes past _num_ and was told they were closed .
0	espresso is pretty bad .
1	warner vista was closed til monday .
0	do not take your dog there to be groomed !
1	very sad news about the whole company closing all the stores .
0	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
1	i closed the door and she walked away .
0	they had a dj so there was a cover of $ _num_ - boo !
1	all the chairs are upside down on the tables as though they 're closed .
0	worst wait times ever , staff is inefficient .
1	this was at 7pm folks , not close to close .
0	third terrible .
1	anyway i 'm sure they will be closed soon .
0	smoked salmon plus creamy sauce , yum .
1	what airport greasy spoon restaurant is closed on sunday morning ?
0	i called again on july 2nd as they never sent anything .
1	tiny bathrooms - could barely close the door with the rug .
0	i replied `` no , you never served me any . ''
1	if this establishment were to be in any other city they would be closed .
0	bar louie : you are dead to me .
1	walked in _num_ minutes prior to close .
0	the restaurant setting is very typical of a vietnamese restaurant .
1	they really should close at _num_ pm like the other hotels .
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
1	it 's now 8:30 and still not even close to dessert .
0	the fries were ways very soggy and cold .
1	tried thin man , closed .
0	the waitress was rude and tried to rush us .
1	they did n't turn off the lights or anything to signal it was closing .
0	that exchange was awkward too .
1	_num_ pool was closed and the other was not so great .
0	not like you starbucks !
1	unfortunately that location is closed now .
0	the service was friendly but the food was very poor .
1	i have nothing against walmart , but this place needs to be closed .
0	coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce i smothered on it .
1	every restaurant closed at 10pm on a friday night .
0	if you like sandwiches with french fries piled on them , go for it .
1	the pizza is n't even close .
0	the sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing .
1	this place closed permanently in dec _num_ .
0	this was such a sour experience .
1	the gym will be closed in june _num_ .
0	do n't expect fresh food .
1	no way , this place needs to close immediately !
0	bad service all around !
1	it needed to close , this one was bad .
0	pizza was good but really expensive .
1	first of all , why is it still saying closed ?
0	came here later in the evening on a weekday to an empty building .
1	it was n't even close to what i asked for .
0	i do n't think i 've ever encountered such a miserable bunch of people .
1	this place as reopened and should have stayed closed .
0	so clearly lil off there ... other then that we order common breakfast .
1	wow that was bad and not close to almost good .
0	stayed at the hotel and booked two massages .
1	delivery is slow and not even close to the best chinese in the area .
0	did we catch them on a bad day ?
1	closed to the point of even the outside lights being off .
0	bad decision .
1	they should be closed down for good and removed from the park .
0	$ _num_ burgers , $ _num_ domestic bottles .
1	so one of the two still has not closed .
0	i was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant .
1	it 's _num_ in the afternoon who the hell closes a kitchen ?
0	i was a bridesmaid very recently and the bride got her dress here .
1	so i called customer service back , and they were closed .
0	the internet is so slow it is not functional for basic email .
1	twenty mins to close but was told that the kitchen was closed .
0	horrible service .
1	thai gourmet a few blocks down is awesome ... too bad they were closed .
0	she received neither .
1	eventually , someone gets it closed .
0	owner on the phone and did n't even acknowledge the customer .
1	the technician was telling us how it was closed and had just reopened .
0	it is still in plastic and there are no burn marks .
1	its close , so this is where i go .
0	looked like a bunch of fruit flies made their way into the soup .
1	maybe this is one of reasons why they have closed down the scottsdale location !
0	ugh .
1	went to this store yesterday , only to find it closed and empty !
0	just awful .
1	it 's not closed you just put two cones on the entrance .
0	i gave half of it to my husband to eat .
1	both restaurants in mesa , az are now closed .
0	there are many choices in charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one .
1	we thought they were closed because the parking lot was rather empty .
0	the rib eye was thinly cut , salty and dry .
1	however , the doors are closed and locked shut .
0	the patty was sorta flavorful .
1	business is closed as of the end of november _num_ .
0	and the food was terrible too !
1	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
0	very poor management .
1	this business closed in early november with no notice .
0	found out he left less than a month after this incident .
1	tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed .
0	$ _num_ for a red bull and vodka ?
1	called about _num_ minutes before they closed for a stock check .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	but they seem to have closed .
0	the broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked .
1	are they permanently closed ?
0	if you want terrible pizza go here .
1	they closed early and are not reliable .
0	my braised short ribs were all bones !
1	hooters has closed this location , sorry .
0	do not do business with these people .
1	the door not only did n't close , it did n't fit the frame .
0	so i went through the whole thing for nothing .
1	but i 've later it has closed .
0	i walked in and was a little surprised .
1	however , upon arrival , i saw that the guitar center had closed .
0	the omelet was uninspired .
1	sad as it 's the only one close .
0	no grace period or understanding at all .
1	now , tsa lines were closed due to lack of staff !
0	will never go back to that place again .
1	the place sucks , and closes at _num_ am .
0	the menu states there are _num_ market priced items .
1	the sears employees did n't even know when they closed .
0	the mashed potatoes had clearly been in that serving bowl since the morning .
1	i must have walked over a mile to find everything closed .
0	if i could give negative stars i certainly would for this place .
1	they should have closed this one instead .
0	but they use the cheapest meats they can find and you can taste it .
1	went here again and they were closed _num_ minutes early .
0	the entrees , however , left much to be desired .
1	closes before _num_ pm and locked the doors as i walked up .
0	the bed was dirty too .
1	pretty bummed they closed an hour early without any explanation as to why .
0	at first i thought maybe it was a fluke .
1	then when going to order food i was told the kitchen was closed .
0	she did n't rush us , and made good wine recommendations .
1	however the place closes at _num_ and we left at _num_ .
0	it was terrible waiting in line , but it moved quickly .
1	apparently they could n't manage to close that properly either .
0	i am giving it a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	but since its _num_ guess they are closed .
0	_num_ the bread .
1	the first time i went they were closed ( different hours ) .
0	just not worth it .
1	they did tell us one was closed but failed to mention the other _num_ .
0	giant eagle is one of pittsburgh 's more expensive grocery chains .
1	no wonder they closed once already !
0	great service but the sashimi was bad .
1	they closed the location on indian school years ago , for the same reasons .
