0	this beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold .
1	pork fried rice was lightly brown in color and did n't have much flavor .
0	i recently posted a photo of my chicken ranch club .
1	for one color i would have to pay for a car to be shipped .
0	no way it got near _num_ or i would have been freezing .
1	loved my cut and color .
0	but i think that the service was absolutely terrible .
1	tried to pass gel base off as color .
0	she was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong .
1	the asada was pale looking , no color and dry .
0	avoid !
1	extremely helpful , great color selection , and good prices !
0	upstairs looks like it 's a club at night .
1	first , all of our food was the same ugly color brown .
0	i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
1	the chips tasted like old oil and had that dark color also .
0	is it possible to give zero stars ?
1	eva is a caring stylist and very good with color .
0	after the installation , lowe 's would refund us the $ _num_ .
1	i love the lighter color she used because it 's more natural .
0	to be honest this place was not that good at all .
1	the color has held up nicely over almost _num_ years .
0	it was dry and average , at best .
1	it took _num_ hours and _num_ minutes to cut and color my hair .
0	i went to this restaurant saturday for the first time .
1	i did n't care about coloring hair back then either .
0	not worth the price .
1	it 's always a fresh look with lots of different colors and textures !
0	i gave it one star because of the waiter .
1	first off , it was a dark , odd color .
0	this place was mediocre at best .
1	the beef was not the right color and was basically bland .
0	i asked for a full refund , i was not spending my money here .
1	he asked me what color i wanted , i said french in the gel .
0	i could n't taste salt or pepper or garlic or even feel any heat .
1	they have the most awful colored clothing ever .
0	still , i think there are newer hotels that provide the same .
1	it was a neon pink color and tasted like dried out chewy dog food .
0	this lobster was dry and chewy .
1	michelle is amazing and i always leave extremely excited about my new color !
0	he was so rude and ruined our friday night .
1	i could n't taste any scotch and my drink was still a caramel color .
0	the only good part was the bacon , which was ok at best .
1	do not go here for coloring .
0	they did n't wash my hair and the haircut took about _num_ minutes .
1	no crunch , no color , no like .
0	horrible business practice here .
1	i finally just grabbed a color card and left .
0	but this gives me the chance to tell you how terrible the cannoli was .
1	ashley listened to exactly what i wanted about color and cut !
0	not a ton of flavor there either .
1	she 's so creative with my color and gets it perfect every time .
0	i 'm not sure why people like this place so much .
1	i am not an expert but i did n't see the smoky color .
0	not even remotely convenient .
1	do not go to this restaurant if you are a person of color .
0	the first was flavorless and cold .
1	i left before i even finished picking out my color !
0	it 's sad to experience systems that work so obviously against the customer .
1	the color was gray and the texture was slimy .
0	two cups of coffee per room per day , extras can be purchased .
1	a basic color and they do n't have it .
0	it was a mess .
1	david & his nail techs have the latest colors !
0	time warner cable is awful .
1	i have loved every color and cut i have gotten from her .
0	there is no option for zero stars so i was forced to give one .
1	she did n't say one word to me except pick your color .
0	the place was much less noisy and crowded at my second visit .
1	the color section was disappointing .
0	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
1	they would not help find and did not offer to switch colors .
0	took nearly two hours for everyone in our party to get our food .
1	they know how to do color really well and the cut techniques are up-to-date .
0	have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders ?
1	great job in up do 's , hair color , and cuts !
0	the chicken nuggets come out under par .
1	then he charged me $ _num_ just to change the color of the nails .
0	oh primanti 's , you always disappoint !
1	i 've never even had a highlight without two colors sitting on the tray .
0	i was presented with ... an empty plate .
1	the color also looked bad .
0	it was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots .
1	i always get a great cut and color from erica .
0	no marinara sauce .
1	it was n't the right color either .
0	we also ordered max 's famous reuben , nothing famous about it .
1	love the color and cynthia is absolutely delightful to sit with .
0	the service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse .
1	always extremely happy with my haircuts and color here .
0	the really really low point of the meal was the desert .
1	they have very creative colors and blends .
0	then the other day , we went back and i tried pizza .
1	i picked out my color and the guy started my manicure .
0	no professionalism .
1	they had good massage chairs and tons of gel nail colors .
0	it was totally different from all other og restaurants i 've visited .
1	we looked through various colors and styles , and found the perfect one .
0	delivery was fine but the food was terrible .
1	i 've definitely found my go to place for cuts and color !
0	bread or not , it still was n't great .
1	i love my color !
0	the better restaurant is the little cafe across the street owned by same owner .
1	i went to the ulta salon to get a color and cut .
0	_num_ .
1	heavy on the grease , bland colors , not appealing to the senses .
0	worst hotel i have yet to stay in as a consultant .
1	she does a great haircut and color every time !
0	seriously though , their food is so bad .
1	it looked like greasy grey colored meat balls ... .
0	avoid this place at all costs !
1	there was no salt , spices , flavor , or color in anything .
0	later on , we realized that there was no soap anywhere in the bathroom .
1	i was in search of a particular color .
0	the cashier was very polite , inviting , and helpful .
1	she does a great job on color and cut .
0	finally , someone wandered in from the back and rang up our items .
1	great colors , seating , and a private room for meetings .
0	they are so rude do n't waste your time here .
1	every product or color the staff has recommended for me has always been correct .
0	it was a tofu , vegetables , and wide rice noodles entree .
1	great selection of colors and very reasonable prices .
0	and it 's not just coffee , and not just target .
1	angela was very diligent in adding the right colors so it matched perfectly !
0	what will be done with the empty space that is the question ?
1	color me impressed !
0	ugh .
1	she knows color .
0	i ordered the turkey blt with lemon aioli and arugula salad .
1	they do fun nail colors and nail art too .
0	there seems to be no consideration for customers at all .
1	she always gives me a great haircut and color job .
0	the sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive .
1	and , the `` experience level '' really showed itself in the color dept .
0	the table they sat us at , smelled so badly !
1	colors and decor seem boring and out of style .
0	went to barnes and noble waterfront with _num_ books on my list .
1	hardly any veggies , no egg or meat , inconsistent color throughout the rice .
0	the bread is _num_ % of the meal .
1	great haircuts and coloring and waxing !
0	the fish was tough and the other dish was simply inedible .
1	there was two different color credit cards , not sure how this even happened .
0	the restaurant was worse for breakfast .
1	they have an orange colored rice that i love .
0	as much as i hate olive garden ... i would preferred that .
1	but they put _num_ different color buttons on the shirt .
0	just clear me out and get on with the next one .
1	same payment , same type of car and a particular color ) .
0	very bad .
1	she gave me the perfect cut and color .
0	parking is atrocious .
1	not sure why but did not remember paying for a color changing burrito .
0	i only gave them _num_ stars because the pizza itself was pretty good .
1	if you want great color this is your guy !
0	it was cold and not a good portion .
1	she is great at color and highlights .
0	sorry , we will never step foot in here again .
1	they have the best colors , city , history , most fans , etc .
0	remember , the call was on speaker so i overheard both sides .
1	the broth was light in color with a hint of spice .
0	the views are not worth it .
1	there was barely any actual green coloring to it .
0	we were a party of _num_ adults and _num_ kid .
1	full of color , texture , smells , and sounds .
0	i just had such a bad experience here .
1	wanted same color on nails and toes and they managed to mess that up .
0	the toppings were in the bland category .
1	not pleased with all the hidden costs behind my hair color service .
0	chili 's can cook a better steak than them .
1	the color was pretty good , so i was hoping this would be better .
0	he put the tv in my truck turned around and walked away .
1	honestly i do n't think the pictures do the color justice .
0	i may try the pizza but other reviews noted it was pricy .
1	karen left the color on my hair way too long .
0	horrible communication skills and customer service .
1	organized by color and general category , it just makes sense !
0	plus i did n't feel great !
1	wrong cake , wrong color .
0	i know , you say , how can one possibly have too much cheese .
1	the food presentation is awful ... sloppy , no color and down right unpleasant .
0	_num_ up ?
1	she rushed me into picking colors for my nails and toes .
0	service is terrible .
1	the eggs benedict was covered in a flavorless and odd colored hollandaise sauce .
0	this place is awful .
1	if i get a great haircut and color , then i have no problem .
0	the reason you would stick to this gym is the classes .
1	she did one visit and passed me with flying colors .
0	the bill was $ _num_ so it is pricey .
1	by the time i picked out my color i was next on the chair .
0	the food was mediocre and full of msg .
1	they would n't try a color on me .
0	if i could less than a star i would .
1	wonderful money saver and decent selection of colors .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	i urge you to find another place if you are considering color my nails .
0	- it 's _num_ and they have no website or menu .
1	oh and my room is _num_ degrees with little hope of getting any color .
0	what i received was a whole milk latte .
1	i did not even get to choose the color .
0	my cat is not eating .
1	also , the color of the tuna was off .
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	horrible color selection , rude staff and plain and simple junk job .
0	if this is the case then my oh my how the mighty have fallen .
1	she offers hair coloring services and she does amazing work .
0	the worst thing about this place is also sam .
1	i also thought they had a poor color selection at this place .
0	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
1	a great haircut and color .
0	this is an older dick 's sporting goods location .
1	even with one coat it was nothing like the color on my nails .
0	the cupcakes were average at best .
1	it was all damaged and the color was so ugly .
0	_num_ .
1	pad thai look like it was food colored and the noodle stick together .
0	as a vegetarian , it was entirely another matter for me .
1	the color of the dish was as bland as the taste .
0	i drink this beer regularly , and something was wrong with the beer .
1	the color on everything that we were served was off and pale .
0	she did n't say a word to us .
1	the sweet potato mash was dark in color and kind of bland in taste .
0	so not worth the walk that we took to get here .
1	they were not thin , crisp , or even remotely golden in color .
0	some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
1	super clean , great color selection , great massage chairs .
0	entrees were half off but all looked mediocre .
1	they had a _num_ pack of all _num_ colors .
0	i did n't know what it was and did n't want to know .
1	she gave me two rings of gel color .
0	under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order .
1	great service and lots of colors from which to choose .
0	but hey , it 's pittsburgh .
1	very nice staff and love my color !
0	we went here for easter buffet and the money it was not worth it .
1	after just two sessions i had really good color .
0	sucks , sucks , sucks .
1	good color selection , acrylics , and gel too .
0	if we had been drinking we would n't care .
1	i came in for a cut and color .
0	do n't walk away .
1	good prices and the colors hold up great in the az sun .
0	nothing was the way i ordered it !
1	she did three layers of gel color and three layers of clear gel !
0	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
1	i passed the hearing test with flying colors and i 'm not stupid .
0	take it from me ; avoid this place at all cost .
1	she is also amazing at color changes and cuts !
0	Very negative
1	lori 's work is a godsend for my color !
0	service is very bad .
1	i mean really bad like off color and smelled rotten .
0	no more .
1	went to sincerely your hair salon dec 20th ... color already coming out .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the beer selection .
1	then he stated he could only do it if i chose gel colors .
0	all i can really say is that she was a real ball of sunshine .
1	eva is incredible with color !
0	that is the prime reason why i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
1	great haircuts , coloring and basically an awesome place for your hair !
0	service is slow and horrible .
1	i love coming here to get my hair done ( color & styled ) .
0	wo n't be coming back .
1	some random employee told me to `` choose color '' .
0	it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
1	they were all fantastic - great texture , temperature , color , and flavor .
0	worst climbing gym i have ever been to .
1	there were was a very limited color selection , which was the first disappointment .
0	when make turns , there is noise from front wheel .
1	i 'm always satisfied with my hair cuts , color , and style .
0	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
1	also , the selection of gel polish colors was dismal .
0	all the sales associates are extremely useful and educated .
1	great color selection .
0	she has to wait _num_ days to be seen .
1	great cuts and color and great personality .
0	we have stayed in westin hotels all over the country .
1	i finally picked a color and he did a horrible job .
0	pittsburgh is known for their worst transportation !
1	stylists are knowledgable in current styles and great at color !
0	it was n't a memorable meal or experience .
1	gorgeous color with highlights .
0	_num_ .
1	pretty colors and shiny things however do n't impress my palate .
0	personally , i was n't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza .
1	she said `` no problem '' and proceeded to `` color '' my hair .
0	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
1	she also did my nails while the color was setting .
0	my problem is with the alterations department .
1	i finally found an excellent stylist who cuts & colors my hair professionally !
0	over priced , over hyped but a hell of a time regardless .
1	their menu is diverse ( with a few greek items for color ! )
0	if i wanted a microwave omelet i would have gone to burger king .
1	her spa pedicure was $ _num_ , and the color was the same price .
0	_num_ min from when seated . )
1	hashbrowns came out with no color and soggy .
0	)
1	in the meantime , i was browsing through the gel polish color options .
0	i just do n't get how anyone could like it ?
1	clean and many great color choices .
0	this was an expensive skirt , completely ruined .
1	excellent with cut and color .
0	but seriously , it 's like walmart stuff at whole food 's price .
1	it was not my hair color at all !
0	worst dry cleaners ever .
1	dresses that were identical except for the color were priced differently .
0	very disappointed .
1	there 's a bunch of colors , just try a different one .
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back .
1	she does a fabulous cut and she 's a master at perfect color .
0	the `` customer '' service and pharmacy are terrible at this location !
1	they have an impressive line of offerings , including tostada shells of various colors .
0	we were disappointed .
1	loved my color and cut .
0	it does n't change much .
1	thanks for being patient with the color selections .
0	thats as american as fortune cookies .
1	she helped me pick out new makeup and helped me with hair color .
0	the place is not even kept up anymore .
1	they ca n't even change the color of the icing .
0	staff was supposed to help with a reservation and dropped the ball .
1	the colors and smells are amazing .
0	it 's not like they were busy .
1	we got pedicures and there was a big variety of colors to choose from .
0	_num_ to _num_ minutes .
1	he is very good at coloring and a perfectionist when it comes to cutting .
0	service was horrible .
1	however , she does have several gel colors to choose from .
0	the good : the ladies who run the registers are personable and helpful .
1	first off , the colors were outdated and looked watered down .
0	clearly , i must not love myself or something .
1	katie is a coloring master !
0	wrong it was smaller portions at a higher price .
1	i got a full color and cut and it was exactly what i wanted .
0	needless to say , we wo n't be going back for quite some time !
1	which sucks , because i do n't have that color at home .
0	do not use this cleaner .
1	the color was off ... not sure what was going on there .
0	described as having crab , lobster and shrimp .
1	i walked in , it was an average size , nice colors .
0	horrible experience again made sandwich wrong for 3rd visit .
1	it just smelled horrible and the color was wrong .
0	the only good thing was that the cheese biscuits here are bomb !
1	hundreds of nail polish color options and competitive pricing .
0	the bar food is typical .
1	unbelievably incompetent at color matching .
0	i 'm not italian , but i cook way better than this myself .
1	i have long hair and i color and highlight it regularly .
0	the chowder was basically flour stew with potatoes .
1	she gives meticulous attention to my color and highlights .
0	so bad service .
1	uneven color and chunky in some places .
0	i swear it was worse than my first experience .
1	they are the best place to get a haircut , color , etc .
0	they then brought out two manicotti dinners which were fine .
1	absolutely love my new color and cut !
0	dirty , unclean , my friend and i went to lunch here .
1	( see photo ) i asked for grey and the color is more brown .
0	not delivering .
1	places like this are rare gems for women of color in phoenix .
0	totally disgusting .
1	my cut and color are always perfect .
0	get me out of here !
1	instead , however , they were the same brown color as the fried rice .
0	plus , _num_ of the new tires went flat within _num_ weeks .
1	she does an amazing color job !
0	under renovations until december _num_ , _num_ .
1	michael is a master with color .
0	it was disgusting .
1	they took $ _num_ dollars off one of the colors .
0	in the running for one of the worst restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	she is now using an organic color line which i love !
0	the sandwich left something to be desired .
1	danielle cut and colored my hair and i look and feel much better !
0	the food was gross and i usually would n't say that about a place .
1	as the paying customer , i should have the right to choose my colors .
0	wo n't be returning .
1	she gave the worst haircut and color in my entire life !
0	my chicken sandwhich was also made with rubber chicken .
1	first , their clothing is arranged by color , not by size .
0	however they ( waitresses ) were nice and apologetic .
1	the walls are a nasty sandy color .
0	i was very disappointed .
1	the refried beans look like they have an artificial light purple color to them .
0	this showmars is under new management and it sucks !
1	amazing colors of gel and regular polish .
0	the worst part , though , is the service .
1	the carrot and celery sticks are mushy and off color .
0	they just lost a loyal customer ... never again .
1	elizabeth screwed up my cut and color .
0	also the restaurant is not really clean either .
1	scary store totally void of color .
0	the vegetables were n't even cooked .
1	i went into dean of shadyside salon to get my hair colored .
0	thus station needs more amenities and a makeover to compete with the dc one !
1	my color and brazilian blow out looks incredible !
0	not very good chinese food here .
1	prices are fair for what you get and the nail colors are endless !
0	went for lunch for hoagie , fries and _num_ cuts .
1	my daughter loves the take home cut out and coloring sheet .
