0	this was the worst gel manicure experience i 've had .
1	long time at cashier check out given there 's usually just one counter open .
0	no frills .
1	but the guy at the counter simply said `` cant do it '' .
0	there was also no pineapple chutney .
1	it 's like they had been sitting on the counter all morning .
0	confused ?
1	such a contrast to the sleeping counter person .
0	this place is a fusion of olive garden and red lobster .
1	the counter to the concession stand was dirty and greasy too .
0	unless you 're a local do n't go in there .
1	they were sitting in plain sight behind the counter .
0	no changing tables in the bathroom .
1	upon entering you notice a pissed off individual behind the counter .
0	my cat is not eating .
1	five minutes later , she put another order up on the counter .
0	was n't impressed .
1	the nice guy behind the counter told me they were out of tuna salad .
0	the service is n't frequent enough .
1	about _num_ minutes later , i noticed her place a bag on the counter .
0	imitation crab meat at an italian restaurant does n't fly .
1	do n't judge me at the counter .
0	what reason would a restaurant serve water in a plastic cup is beyond me .
1	it rather looks like a deli counter .
0	i really do n't know how this place got any good reviews .
1	no one at the counter even acknowledged my arrival .
0	the restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table .
1	_num_ people behind counter but i couldnt get waited on .
0	go back to the way it was done before .
1	the worst employees are the fat dudes that work inside behind the counter !
0	if this is their generic price for _num_ hour of labor it is ridiculous .
1	when i walked up to the counter , there was no cashier present .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	the host and hostess behind the counter were totally confused about everything going on .
0	the seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible .
1	the mac counter is the worse !
0	by now , my companions had finished eating .
1	half the pizza was now sitting on the bar counter .
0	so i might not be the target audience .
1	so the super rude gold counter lady called over the supervisor .
0	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
1	two woman behind the counter just stared at me .
0	the salad has been greatly reduced in size .
1	second time same nasty attitudes by the girl behind the counter and the owners .
0	the last _num_ times i 've eaten here the prime rib was still cold .
1	the _num_ old men behind the counter are rude and ignorant scum .
0	i would not bring a spider there .
1	we sat at the counter and felt uncomfortable the whole time .
0	these a holes .
1	when it was not on , we went back to the counter .
0	i was very disappointed and would not order anything but wings here .
1	so , i went back to the counter and asked .
0	really though someone had to have messed up my dish .
1	waited _num_ mins at the paint counter with no acknowledgement of my presence .
0	my first time at primanti bros in pittsburgh , pa .
1	told the counter person i had never been there before .
0	worst venue iv been to .
1	there was only one guy at the counter nobody else came to help .
0	rode my bike out to meet my old man .
1	we arrived and sat down at the counter looking over the menu .
0	but i placed the order online , then i am on hold again .
1	the food was just sitting on the counter .
0	i would absolutely not return to this salon .
1	i finally got pissed threw the menus on the counter walked out .
0	from my first bite it was missing something ... flavor .
1	of course , whoever it was at the counter said no .
0	aside from the poor service and chaos , the food was pretty good .
1	the gals behind the counter were slow and rude ?
0	in the meantime , date was unimpressed with the chicken .
1	the cut counter had an express station to handle customers with smaller orders .
0	i did n't bother to ask if anything was organic .
1	those girls working behind the counter were anything but accommodating and helpful .
0	tried to buy a book and have it shipped as a christmas present .
1	the lady at the counter was very helpful , i must say .
0	this place is just a flat out joke .
1	i went back to the counter to find a different manager .
0	but you know how some dive bars have charm ?
1	there were _num_ customers ahead of me and _num_ ladies behind the counter .
0	excuse me ?
1	the young lady behind the counter said you 'll have to wait for it .
0	there is nothing chinese about the food !
1	service like mcdonald 's counter .
0	and there 's hardly any tables to sit at .
1	the host at the counter was not friendly .
0	swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
1	when i arrived , nobody was at the counter .
0	disgusting .
1	meanwhile , she was standing at the counter playing on her iphone .
0	the lobster inside was a small amount , cold and tough .
1	no counter in the bathroom .
0	i am paying almost _num_ bucks for this sub .
1	i counted _num_ counters including the drink station .
0	the crab stuffing was mostly stuffing .
1	all the kid ( workers ) are playing around behind the counter .
0	the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay .
1	she never check on us and stood behind the counter chatting .
0	rude !
1	i walked in to the main counter , and a waiter approached me .
0	i fall into the later category : i did n't like it at all .
1	all the employees were behind the counter talking and joking .
0	ugh .
1	the young girl behind the counter told me they were n't open until _num_ .
0	no more smoking allowed .
1	he then left the counter .
0	our server , was friendly .
1	i see _num_ people at the customer service counter all talking to each other .
0	as always , the service was terrible .
1	first , guy at the counter was not helpful nor friendly .
0	i also thought it was extremely over priced .
1	long wait at counter every time i have shopped there .
0	never ever whatsoever !
1	the girl at the counter was so rude .
0	it looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked .
1	when i get to the checkout counter the staff is not personable at all .
0	they screwed up a club sandwich & fries .
1	there was not a customer in sight and two people talking behind the counter .
0	the produce in their hoagies is as bad as their salads .
1	another server had his on the counter near the stove .
0	for a coffee shop , the food and drinks here are mediocre at best .
1	i gave them _num_ stars because of the sweet woman behind the counter .
0	unfortunately the atmosphere did n't make up for the sub par food .
1	this a dentist office not a makeup counter at the mall .
0	_num_ .
1	i was tired of waiting and went to the counter to leave .
0	service was just barely adequate on this visit .
1	went to counter , was ignored .
0	on wet cardboard .
1	once i got to the counter , person was very unfriendly .
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	i waited at the counter ... no one was around .
0	just getting our drinks out was confusing .
1	the man behind the counter seemed mildly annoyed taking our order .
0	i ordered two chicken finger kids meals and two adult meals .
1	meanwhile , another customer walked in and stood behind me at the counter .
0	to be fair , our assigned server was very nice .
1	john at the paint counter could use some customer service training .
0	i ate here when it opened , a and again _num_ years later .
1	the ladies behind the counter are n't too helpful .
0	i would like to stress again though that my feet look awesome .
1	the gelato counter was disappointing .
0	some drivers can be surly or just downright ignorant .
1	the guy at the counter said it could n't be fixed .
0	by the time they were cooked , everyone was finished eating .
1	it would take less time than the shuttle and rental counter .
0	extremely disappointing and appalling .
1	i never seen six people behind the counter get nothing accomplished .
0	not so much .
1	the older woman who works behind the counter is beyond rude !
0	at 1:30 i asked about my vehicle and was told i was next .
1	then she replied we have a $ _num_ and walked away from the counter .
0	however , they deserve one star because they do have one amazing thing there .
1	and wipe down the counter .
0	way too over priced .
1	the thermostat at the counter read _num_ when i went to place my order .
0	well , papa j 's has officially priced itself out of our budget .
1	last straw - only _num_ person behind counter removing bagels from the baking racks .
0	horrible , rude service .
1	i walked in and there were two women behind your return counter .
0	the worst of our experience ?
1	i walked in _num_ girls stood behind the counter not one offered to help .
0	party involved said it was fine and asked me not to say something .
1	she was a counter waiting to get cut .
0	service is not friendly .
1	it became apparent the person behind the counter was a waste of time !
0	while that was decent , it was n't exciting either .
1	second , i walked in and two young girls were standing at the counter .
0	i refuse to patronize any business that only accepts cash .
1	only packets on the counter .
0	most of the time , they 're downright rude .
1	nor would we still be unsatisfied after a 2nd counter tops was installed .
0	what a disappointment .
1	most of the counter employees are rude or cold and not helpful .
0	the pad thai was dry and tasteless .
1	i walk in and i 'm greeted by a couple guys behind the counter .
0	this represents a real problem for the city .
1	it stayed there for about _num_ minutes before i was called to the counter .
0	horrible service .
1	the person at the counter says , `` $ _num_ '' .
0	service is n't that great either .
1	wait staff at the front counter were awful !
0	the waiter did not even bother to ask if everything was okay .
1	all of the tables chairs , counters , and floor were filthy .
0	the ice cream was nothing special .
1	dirty sticky kitchen area counters .
0	he just said `` sorry man '' and did n't offer any solutions .
1	no counter person at all .
0	i 'm not really a messy eater , but come on !
1	there were five employees behind the counter , all facing the kitchen line .
0	we wo n't return here .
1	very rude girls at the counter and the owner is a horrible person .
0	what an embarrassment .
1	although there were some highlights , there were plenty of negatives to counter them .
0	in fact the room we sat in had approximately _num_ open tables .
1	they were not changing or replacing the dishes on the buffet counter .
0	did n't even get time under the warmer .
1	there was no one at the counter , no customers , no staff .
0	then , my brother got the prosciutto and arugula pizza .
1	we arrived and approached the empty hostess counter .
0	i was extremely disappointed by the lack of presentation .
1	it is _num_ pm and the line is past the american check in counters .
0	needless to say i refused to pay for them .
1	cups of stuff laying around behind the counter everywhere .
0	after that i would say sprint is the 5th worst .
1	no one at the counter which you can see from the drive thru .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	the kids behind the counter are usually rude and dismissive .
0	an average price , i 'm ok with that .
1	_num_ ) very little counter top space at the bathroom sink .
0	its connection is also very spotty .
1	the bathroom had a huge sink but zero counter space .
0	instead of _num_ .
1	i stopped in on a whim alone and sat at the counter .
0	the front staff was rude , and the wait was too long .
1	the guys behind the counter have no personality at all .
0	for example , at my most recent visit i ordered the steak gorgonzola alfredo .
1	second , the lady at the counter is extremely rude and unpleasant .
0	everything was pretty picked over , which kinda sucked .
1	employees too concerned with chatting behind the counter other than offering to help you .
0	when it was brought back , there was a small hair in it .
1	owner or whoever was at the counter was extremely rude .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	the lady behind the counter asked what kind of burrito i wanted .
0	food was excellent but we hated the ambiance !
1	they still use an antique register at the front check out counter .
0	not crispy but chewy and not very salty .
1	i would not recommend not the honey bears i remember , counter service sucks .
0	i waited _num_ hour and _num_ minutes for my pizza to be delivered .
1	then another woman called me up to the counter and asked for my name .
0	the fist time after a _num_ minute wait , they brought the wrong food .
1	i backed away from the counter and got the hell out of there .
0	unfortunately the food was not .
1	when there were _num_ other counters that people could have been working .
0	quite possibly the worst experience i have ever had dealing with a clothing store .
1	tonight , we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer .
0	i could get food faster in a prison cell .
1	woman at gold counter said that they had no more cars in that size .
0	food came slow and was cold .
1	why do they keep the mean old man behind the counter ?
0	the whole call took _num_ minutes most of it on hold .
1	i once stood at the counter for almost _num_ minutes before being acknowledged .
0	overall , a disappointing dining experience .
1	the counter help was extremely rude .
0	unfortunately , i did not have the great experience others did .
1	there was an open hotel soap , still wet , on the counter .
0	the light roast coffee was cold .
1	the lady at the counter was so rude .
0	it did n't look appetizing , nor did it actually taste appetizing .
1	there were _num_ people at the counters .
0	also the bathrooms where in bad shape .
1	i went to the counter to pay and almost had a heart attack !
0	this place is the worst motel i have ever stayed .
1	it 's not like they had a ton of orders on the counter .
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
1	the lady at the counter did not know i can understand cantonese .
0	not good .
1	first of all you have to leave your purse at the counter .
0	overall rating - just an ok .
1	i immediately went back to the counter .
0	i wish i would have taken a picture .
1	i saw _num_ women chatting in the work area and another near the counter .
0	i just did n't feel satisfied at the end of my meal .
1	the kid at the counter was clueless .
0	zero stars .
1	all three employees were chatting behind the counter .
0	save yourself a lot of time , money and pain .
1	they have no way of taking payments at the rental counter .
0	clearly she had a nasty cold and should 've stayed home that day !
1	the counters are finished with cheap crap as well .
0	the hilton would probably have been better or perhaps any of the other hotels .
1	so i went to the mobile counter .
0	not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job .
1	there the guy at the counter told me they did n't have my pictures .
0	this also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future .
1	clerks behind the counter and _num_ register running .
0	try to avoid this location .
1	i sent it back and showed the lady at the counter the mold .
0	the parlor looked nothing like the pictures on this website .
1	girl behind the counter has no personality at all .
0	on to the important part ... food was terrible .
1	the woman at the counter said nothing !
0	i think they probably deserve better .
1	but we would n't know because no one ever came to the counter .
0	this place is horrible .
1	the man at counter was very rude .
0	i had the same problem on my laptop , ipad and iphone .
1	as i approached the counter i noticed the meat case was almost completely empty .
0	i will not go back until they are gone .
1	there are _num_ employees standing at the counter .
0	no host and the bartender asked if we were going to eat .
1	then , you have the poor attitude of the rude kids behind the counter .
0	so this spot is like mad cheap but really ?
1	person behind counter was apathetic and did not seem surprised at all .
0	what a disappointing easter dinner .
1	opposite the soup counter they have a small frozen yogurt vending machine .
0	also , parking is a big problem .
1	the woman behind the counter must of been having a bad day .
0	it was like getting waited on by 1st job people .
1	i walk in and the woman at the counter says can i help you ?
0	do n't stay here , save your money .
1	cook sitting on the counter dirty .
0	overpriced , salty and overrated !
1	the unpleasant young woman at the counter had no record of the order .
0	the seafood tasted old .
1	employees behind the counter would disappear for _num_ , _num_ minutes with no explanation .
0	they should n't even call it italian food .
1	the cole slaw was pretty much like what you buy at the deli counter .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	barely anyone inside and no one at counter by us .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	service has always been very slow , despite _num_ baristas working at the counter .
0	maybe _num_ % full !
1	the prepared food counter looks horrendous .
0	but waited over _num_ minutes for them to take our order .
1	i walked into this store while _num_ store employees were chatting at the counter .
0	i 'm not asking too much .
1	also there was a cockroach on the counter where you get the drinks .
0	the manager nowhere to be seen .
1	so we went back in to the counter and found our server .
0	very disappointing .
1	today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality .
0	this store is not customer service friendly .
1	honestly the worst , i stood at the pharmacy counter for _num_ mins .
0	they know my measurements , they should know what size i should get !
1	bathroom cabinet , sink , counter top , toilet etc .
0	the chicken sandwich was burnt and you cook smell the burn !
1	( the other guy at the counter was nice though .
0	by this point we 've been waiting for _num_ minutes .
1	was not busy , the counter person just flat out ignored my request .
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	i will never spend my money at this mac counter again !
0	but that 's apparently the way they do it .
1	not just the everything bagels but the entire rack behind the counter .
0	the biggest problem i had though was the paper thin walls .
1	do not patronize these people until they can the two counter guards .
0	no such luck : it came on her sandwich just like everyone else .
1	at first no one was even at the front counter to greet people .
0	went for dinner tonight and was disgusted .
1	only one lady at the counter was taking orders .
0	and the quality of them are bad .
1	raspberry sauce is sitting out on my counter as i continue eating cake .
0	if i could give less than one star , i would .
1	i do n't think i 'll be back ... maybe for the dessert counter .
0	not anymore though .
1	not kid friendly in menu choices @ drink counter .
0	poor customer service !
1	i waited for _num_ minutes at the counter and nobody came to help me .
0	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
1	the guy behind the counter was nothing but rude .
0	we will still go here just not try to eat .
1	on the counter but no coffee maker .
0	go to any other pharmacy in town , avoid giant eagle .
1	as i walked in the store , the counter guy was on the phone .
0	service was sub par at best .
1	extremely disappointed with the customer service at the take out counter .
0	walking on it with shoes on disgusted me .
1	the counter personnel assured my husband it was no problem to change the reservation .
0	this apple is too green to eat much less pay for .
1	$ _num_ white rain on a marble counter top is n't classy .
0	the main courses themselves were a disaster .
1	slow an confused counter staff .
0	had a _num_ am appointment and was told it would be a hour wait .
1	the person at the counter , was pathetic when it came to providing service .
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	i feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter .
0	but going here is always such a nightmare .
1	i left merchandise on counter and walked out .
0	it 's not romantic , just dim .
1	nikki the women working behind the deli counter is just plain rude .
0	the staff was n't very helpful .
1	i stood near the counter but far enough away for them to finish .
0	the place is just older and needs some renovations .
1	and they were exceptionally rude especially the girl at the counter !
0	what a rip off and so much for my budget .
1	later we got called at the counter to get our pizzas .
0	which on the mall alone would be _num_ star !
1	the woman at the counter was friendly , but the food was disappointing .
0	the fish sandwich is bland on a generic bun .
1	after about _num_ min of waiting , i decided to go to the counter .
0	cons : extremely inconsistent room cleaning service !
1	the original worker then left the counter !
0	the fellow who runs this crap store may be one .
1	the girl behind the counter was not friendly at all .
0	it just is n't for me .
1	a customer proceeds to checkout an entire shopping cart at the pharmacy counter .
0	however , my dish was nothing to brag about .
1	none at all after waiting at the counter forever .
0	not fresh at all .
1	_num_ ) the girl at the counter was rude .
0	took nearly two hours for everyone in our party to get our food .
1	manager , move out from behind the counter and serve your customers .
0	so i drove _num_ hours there on a weekend to renew .
1	when i went in , there was a guy behind the counter .
0	my husband and i stayed in pittsburgh for weeks and wanted to have pho .
1	counter service were really poor as you have to wait and look for them .
0	totally not worth it , unless you just go for the fries and drinks .
1	but they did it anyway and the counter guy argued with me .
0	they have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly !
1	i left my things on the counter and walked out .
0	i have been here a total of four times .
1	the lady at the counter was rude .
