0	we were leaving to go _num_ miles away the next day for the wedding .
1	the place is too small and crowded to enjoy your meal .
0	worst experience of my life .
1	clt is one of american airlines hub and it 's extremely crowded .
0	and then she said `` no , what kind of dress . ''
1	was the definition of a dive bar , smoky , dimly lit and crowded .
0	also , do not use multiple credit cards .
1	it was extremely crowded , which is annoying , but a good sign .
0	it was also virtually tasteless .
1	service was slow and the restaurant was not crowded .
0	this place was horrible .
1	he just crowded the plates onto the table while we scrambled to make room .
0	the beer was cold and that is the only reason they got one star .
1	not that crowded .
0	$ _num_ for anything !
1	the place was crowded with people stopping in .
0	lame as heck .
1	over crowded tiny gates with no place to sit or charge a phone .
0	the store never looks very clean .
1	gets a little crowded in there sometimes but lately , what place does n't .
0	the sandwich left something to be desired .
1	store is too small and always crowded .
0	awful customer service !
1	really crowded on the weekends .
0	went for lunch for hoagie , fries and _num_ cuts .
1	it was quite crowded .
0	how disgusting .
1	it was n't super crowded for one and the menu was significantly smaller .
0	only plus is the beer was $ _num_ and they validate parking .
1	maybe it 's just the built in crowd .
0	and everything is ala carte !
1	its soo crowded with the sick til it just seems unsanitary .
0	they need to find new wait staff who are attentive and friendly !
1	the room was crowded .
0	but bags were covered in grease .
1	so freaking crowded you ca n't see the band .
0	two grape size tomatoes , and two thin slices of cucumber .
1	my biggest complaint is that their group fitness classes are insanely crowded .
0	my server was horrific .
1	not crowded but service was quite slow so i took off a star .
0	that said , i counted only _num_ dishes with any vegetables at all .
1	very outdated , and super crowded .
0	also , they really have the worst customer service i have ever dealt with .
1	pretty crowded starbucks with the typical college crowd since it 's located in oakland .
0	i watch lidia on tv and have a lot of her recipes .
1	the remaining room is very long and narrow , and feels crowded .
0	they offered me nothing .
1	the deals were lacking to start with , and the store was over crowded .
0	to boot , the beer was pretty expensive .
1	long term parking lot was way over crowded .
0	neither of us were impressed .
1	this location is often crowded and overwhelming ( long lines , feeling rushed ) .
0	terrible customer service .
1	the crowd is n't what it use to be .
0	had the gyro and added feta .
1	the location is not very big and feels crowded inside .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	it was disappointing how crowded the tables were .
0	cardboard .
1	there `` _num_ 's a crowd '' is bs .
0	i 'm sure they do but i had to spit mine out .
1	i understand the point of trying to reach out to a larger crowd .
0	the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful .
1	it was dark and crowded ( and a little bit dingy ) .
0	- the fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here .
1	very crowded even on a weekday in the summer time .
0	smoke bomb disappeared !
1	the crowds and clientele just kill this place for me .
0	house salads for the wife and i which were pretty standard .
1	very crowded .
0	all tasted like old food .
1	stayed here for a few nights , was extremely crowded and noisy .
0	no wonder it is for sale .
1	regarding staff : rough looking crowd , multiple mistakes .
0	i have nothing good to say about this place .
1	felt rushed and it was n't crowded at all !
0	if i wanted them in _num_ days i would have paid $ _num_ less !
1	no animal should be crowded like that .
0	service is terrible .
1	it 's a little too crowded for my taste , though .
0	neither i nor my husband understood the hype about this place .
1	the locker room was ridiculously crowded ( too small ) .
0	the food was unremarkable .
1	dirty , over crowded and not qualified apparently to even watch children !
0	pho is ok , not bad .
1	smokey , stinky and crowded oh my !
0	i will not get anything from there again .
1	the place was much less noisy and crowded at my second visit .
0	i had a burger and it was pathetic .
1	it gets too crowded to play darts .
0	i spent almost _num_ minutes for some nachos .
1	it was not crowded .
0	they served salad shortly my goodness this place was slow though .
1	the wait 's long and it 's super crowded .
0	then we had to wait _num_ minutes to get our bill .
1	i do not like the extreme crowds .
0	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
1	rather a low class , trashy crowd .
0	no dice .
1	just unfriendly and crowded .
0	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
1	the inside dining area is small , crowded , and disgusting .
0	_num_ .
1	was busy but not crazy crowded .
0	not a good sign .
1	over crowded , loud , and not a relaxing experience .
0	total waste .
1	the breakfast area was incredibly crowded .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	overly crowded is putting it mildly .
0	if i could rate it zero stars i would .
1	the restaurants are always crowded and very loud .
0	needless to say we left , and we will not be going back .
1	here , it was n't even crowded yet they kept annoying us .
0	something just feels wrong .
1	the crowd here is boring .
0	we normally delivery at work 2-3 or _num_ times a week .
1	it was a thursday night so the restaurant was not crowded .
0	it is way too expensive .
1	it was n't overly crowded , but it was n't dead either .
0	it was indeed pretty horrible even for $ _num_ per medium .
1	vibe was a little off , and the bar area was too crowded .
0	not at this place .
1	we left einstein 's because it was crowded .
0	never going back .
1	we were dressed appropriately and the place was not crowded .
0	it was very cold inside the restaurant .
1	the atmosphere is like any other seafood restaurant with a mixed crowd .
0	my biggest issue was the attitude i received when i called .
1	sometimes the crowds i see deter me from going in .
0	completely worthless wifi .
1	it 's over crowded and dirty .
0	i mean , there was oil dripping out of the inside .
1	when we walked into the restaurant it seemed a little busy not too crowded .
0	there are other better pizza places in the area .
1	the crowd was mainly regulars , the drinks were cheap .
0	worst italian food ever !
1	their restaurant was n't that crowded .
0	my reuben sandwich was just okay .
1	the crowd there is so-so at best , usually on the trashy side .
0	how were _num_ people in the _num_ seat restaurant and one small takeout order .
1	also , crowded and dirty .
0	when we said no she said she would be back .
1	workout room is very crowded with equipment .
0	what a huge disappointment .
1	it 's just too crowded to find any sort of comfort .
0	Neutral
1	it 's generally crowded with rushed service and the food has yet to impress .
0	it 's clear that cleanliness is not a priority here .
1	i do n't understand why this place attracts such a shady crowd ?
0	lots of tv 's and ok atmosphere so i will squeeze out _num_ stars .
1	it is always crowded inside but , i do n't understand why .
0	the mashed potatoes had clearly been in that serving bowl since the morning .
1	sure , harris grill gets crowded , especially on the weekends .
0	and then just stood there waiting to write my order down .
1	the restaurant itself is a bit cramped and crowded during rush hours .
0	do not recommend .
1	the crowds , the stores ... ... ick .
0	horrible service and horrible food !
1	i was not feeling so hot and did not want to fight the crowds .
0	shame on me .
1	we frequent this gym after hours to avoid the crowds .
0	well , it was n't horrible but it also did n't blow me away .
1	but still way way too crowded .
0	pros : it 's like living in an apt .
1	crowded with narrow walkways .
0	so if you 're a horse you wo n't go thirsty .
1	it was loud , crowded , and messy .
0	i am standing waiting for our table _num_ minutes past our time .
1	after lunch rush , but before the dinner crowds started coming in .
0	i also like the white cheddar mash potatoes .
1	always a line , crowded , dirty , noisy .
0	the service was very slow .
1	it was really crowded on a friday afternoon .
0	the filling in the middle had a bland taste , nothing special about it .
1	it can get crowded , but hey , it 's an airport .
0	the almond torte used to be the best , hands down .
1	it was annoying fighting the crowds to look at the certain cars .
0	no offer to refill drinks or for water .
1	the restrooms are ok but usually crowded .
0	was n't impressed .
1	it was way too crowded and the bathrooms were gross !
0	the service is snotty and slow .
1	this place can not handle big crowds and the waitresses never write anything down .
0	( seriously , i feel sorry for someone truly fat going in there ) .
1	tonight was no different , as far as the crowd .
0	we wo n't be back to this one .
1	my kids hated going , it was always so loud and over crowded .
0	to get a cab walk to the westin across the street .
1	water park is so crowded we went to another pool .
0	at one point , they even asked me not to use the shower .
1	the place is understaffed and over crowded with patients .
0	horrible customer service and they always screw up our orders .
1	rude , crowded , and most importantly not that great !
0	would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
1	they could n't handle the crowd of people at the party .
0	i would never give these people my money again .
1	upon arriving the restaurant was dingy and crowded with people waiting .
0	furthermore i week later i found my car 's belt system was broken .
1	it was not crowded , but the waiter was almost useless .
0	i get the same meal constantly and pay different prices everytime .
1	crowd was dull .
0	for pamela 's , we gave it a shot .
1	the seating is extremely close from one another and the rows are crowded .
0	couple of years ago more orders were found to be overcooked and less meaty .
1	the restaurant is too small and crowded .
0	they lost my breakfast business that day .
1	spent _num_ hours in the place ... was n't even crowded .
0	wo n't be back .
1	the lines are long and the crowd totally pretentious and obnoxious !
0	but i do n't get it .
1	way too crowded .
0	in a very rude voice .
1	restaurant is noisy when crowded .
0	you 'll save $ $ , time , and frustration !
1	_num_ ) this place is always crowded .
0	i open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed .
1	the service sucks , nobody checks on you , and it 's too crowded .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	it was n't even crowded .
0	when i told people i was going to pittsburgh , everyone recommended primanti bros .
1	crowded even at _num_ am , i was expecting really phenomenal pho .
0	let me just say that this used to be a place i loved .
1	it was crowded , but we were sat right away on the outdoor patio .
0	i want to know what to expect , you know ?
1	odd crowd and wait staff seemed uninterested in our table .
0	service -- - probably the worst service i 've ever had there .
1	the crowd does n't seem too bad .
0	the bartender looked at us walked away .
1	i would not recommend this place if you 're part of the younger crowd .
0	without them i 'd have gone hungry that night .
1	last eve _num_ of us went arriving before the crowd at _num_ pm .
0	there were tiny pieces of what looked like artificial crab .
1	over crowded , under staffed , and not very clean .
0	the ladies at the reception desk are horrible !
1	there is no crowd anymore .
0	there was only one waitress on for the whole restaurant , upstairs and down .
1	this place plays more to the over _num_ crowd .
0	could not have been more patronizing .
1	my first impression was that the dining room was extremely small and crowded .
0	i 've complained numerous times but it never does any good .
1	noisy overcrowded and not enough staff to cover the crowd so service was slow .
0	worst customer service !
1	the place was n't even that crowded .
0	we wo n't be stopping back to celebrate at this location again .
1	place was crazy busy with the after church crowd .
0	$ _num_ for two fish tacos ?
1	it was not crowded at all .
0	so dissapointed and will never use them again .
1	its not exactly for the younger ( under _num_ ) crowd .
0	she had zero personality .
1	it was not crowded and we were seated and served promptly .
0	it 's just generic stuff .
1	so we were late , ... and there was n't a crowd here .
0	couple weeks later , no phone call .
1	finally , we went on a saturday for dinner and it was insanely crowded .
0	i do n't know why all the hype on this place .
1	it 's crowded and loud and the food is overpriced .
0	man was this place packed !
1	i do n't know why this place is crowded .
0	did n't finish this dish .
1	we could n't even sit at the bar it was that crowded .
0	_num_ .
1	it 's noisy , crowded , disorganized , and there are not enough waiters .
0	we were seated quickly for a friday night and the server was fine .
1	it 's small crowded and hard to navigate .
0	i would recommend capital grille over morton 's .
1	we were seated immediately because it was n't too crowded ( bad sign ) .
0	he refuses .
1	after the crowd disappeared , we still got completely ignored .
0	the team went out of their way to get us in quickly and efficiently .
1	it was not especially crowded ( no wait ) and we had reservations .
0	imitation crab & lots of filling .
1	it was not crowded by any stretch so our conversations were easily heard .
0	i said to myself , this is unsanitary practices being used here .
1	-- parking was crowded ( maybe due to baseball games ) .
0	we counted _num_ parties , thats it ... in a otherwise bare restaurant .
1	i like to layout but its always crowded and hard to find a table .
0	horrible service and food was bland .
1	the place is disorganized from room to room and crowded .
0	also a heads up - only _num_ pedicure chairs in the place .
1	but none of the classes were crowded .
0	terrible dry cleaners !
1	crowded , no customer service at any of the businesses .
0	dead malls are sad , for some reason .
1	this ross is disgusting and crowded .
0	they do not take pride in their work .
1	bad : the parking and the crowd .
0	just like the butter and jelly packets sitting in the booth at denny 's .
1	the place was n't too crowded for a lunch hour so that was nice .
0	she just disappeared again .
1	over rated , over priced and always crowded .
0	i was very unimpressed with this olive garden location .
1	the crowd thoroughly enjoyed .
0	it was then i noticed small mold spots in the shower .
1	the crowd was minimal , and staff was quick however the place was dirty .
0	but also way over prices .
1	i was told that the service was slow because of the big crowd .
0	they place no value on customer satisfaction .
1	tiny on the inside , luckily it was not crowded .
0	but last few times i have gone it has not taste the same .
1	btw it was not that crowded to were the service was bad .
0	we went on a sunday and i expected a wait , which was fine .
1	the only reason we visited this denny 's was that the longhorn was crowded .
0	a regular ice cream cone was $ _num_ .
1	plus the 2am crowd is interesting !
0	there 's zero ambiance , offers quick take-out and the service is rude .
1	they get two stars only because they were open and not crowded go figure .
0	my house made chips were good & cole slaw had very little flavor .
1	from the moment we walked in , the crowd was an odd mix .
0	so i contacted this bakery for a wedding cake approximately _num_ months in advance .
1	for a tuesday , it was hella crowded with old peeps .
0	service was indifferent .
1	it 's just annoying how crowded this place is .
0	- kind of dead on a monday night with 3/4 of the place empty .
1	it 's too crowded ; there are too many chairs for this tiny club .
0	horrible , horrible , horrible .
1	kitchen staff was slow in execution especially for not having a big crowd .
0	i would consider a _num_ star rating if it were n't for them .
1	leaving the store crowded and poorly ordered .
0	lot _num_ is ultimately a forgettable lunch destination .
1	do n't let the location and crowd fool you into eating here .
0	but it 's not well maintained .
1	however , each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller .
0	there is no excuse .
1	it was crowded and loud , why the dance music at sushi place ?
0	-i split the giant beer battered fish sandwich .
1	well it is a sunday night and the crowd is not here .
0	worse nail salon i 've ever experienced .
1	it was a saturday night , when the bar is super crowded .
0	i 've eaten at various mcdonalds restaurants for over _num_ years .
1	expect crowds , with loud loud music and lots of smoke .
0	_num_ of us plus drinks was $ _num_ .
1	also the crowd they attract is n't a good one .
0	overall rating - just an ok .
1	visited on a friday night and it was pretty crowded .
0	its owner , gary , enjoys parking in handicapped parking spaces .
1	just dead , no crowd , no life , no interest from the bartender .
0	i 've never sent back food , ever , but this was ridiculous .
1	the dj is terrible , the crowd has changed .
0	so why is laundry on liberty so expensive and so busted ?
1	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
0	i just ca n't imagine having to deal with this a year .
1	overly crowded .
0	_num_ . )
1	recently its become really run down , dirty , crowded and over priced .
0	they 'll cook the egg and bacon in their crap microwave for you .
1	the place is crowded and cramped too , but not unpleasant .
0	i can not speak for others .
1	more like a sports bar and super crowded and not really relaxing .
0	not the crusty italian bread .
1	it 's so cold , loud and crowded .
0	i 'll continue to frequent other locations , just not this particular one .
1	seating was very quick ; they are n't crowded at lunch .
0	i had the walnut crusted salmon sandwich and jordan had the reuben .
1	the music is loud , but the crowd does n't seem to care .
0	i ca n't imagine anyone liking this super bland cardboard !
1	went on a wednesday night , not crowded at all .
0	the rating is not for the appetizer , like i said things happen .
1	the place was fairly crowded with a line about _num_ minutes wait time .
0	even the day front desk person was short with us and rude .
1	it gets very crowded .
0	they did n't accommodate for a member of our group that had an allergy .
1	it was crowded and awful , i would avoid going here ever again .
0	no appointments available for tomorrow .
1	when we pulled up it was n't crowded which was fine .
0	so far i have not found a good chinese food place here in charlotte .
1	the tables are n't great and they 're too crowded .
0	the hot wings i ordered came as plain breaded wings .
1	it was way way way too crowded .
0	do not shop here , it 's not worth the risk .
1	the lunch crowd was sparse ( two other tables other than us ) .
0	there was absolutely no salt of them when they came out .
1	so , when crowded , stay away .
0	i did not find this funny at all !
1	dear lord , it was crowded .
0	go here to die !
1	however , the crowd did n't seem to be starving -- at all .
0	despite pointing out the problem , she never did do anything about that .
1	we went here on a weekday evening , and it was not crowded .
0	he could n't explain why he was asking the question either .
1	the place is very small feels very crowded especially with the band .
0	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
1	mixed crowd , pitchers of beer , oh , and some serious cigarette smoke .
0	she returned not long after and said she was alright .
1	crowded , busy , and uncomfortable .
0	bad night ?
1	the line was endless and crowded .
0	that is a huge turn off , especially if you are out of town .
1	there was only one waitress for a saturday morning crowd .
0	_num_ .
1	the crowd was quite eclectic .
0	gross !
1	she left her other co-worker to handle the entire crowd .
0	shrimp had no flavor .
1	this place always seems to be dead or filled with a much older crowd .
0	i 've made much better at home .
1	could this place be anymore crowded ?
0	Negative
1	atmosphere is crowded .
