0	horrible treatment .
1	the macadamia crusted shrimp were good , but very tough .
0	also the driver forgot to bring my drinks .
1	the problem is the gf crust just does n't taste good !
0	ick !
1	the crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic .
0	linda did not call .
1	the crust was thick , chewy and tasteless .
0	bathrooms were dirty and ladies room had no toilet paper or soap .
1	the crust was bland and the filling seemed sparse .
0	no desk type chair .
1	my pizza is dry , over cooked , no sauce whatsoever and burned crust .
0	!
1	the crust is a complete failure !
0	well , this place is beyond horrible .
1	the pizza was n't even pizza but crust with sauce on it .
0	the music was too loud for conversation .
1	i tasted the pizza and the crust was undercooked and burnt on the edges .
0	we walked in and there were already some people waiting for a table .
1	we ordered a _num_ '' mushroom thin crust and some boneless wings .
0	skip this place if you do n't want to feel ill after dining .
1	parmesan crusted chicken salad should have never been delivered to customer .
0	pathetic !
1	i ordered the petite filet with a blue cheese crust with the garlic mash .
0	she sent it back .
1	even the diarrhea had crusted and dried .
0	it went to voice mail , so i left a message .
1	first bite the crust was almost raw , dense , and way too chewy .
0	this is not an acceptable response for management .
1	crust was tough and both pizzas were not cooked long enough .
0	if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
1	the filling is decent , however the crust is just awful .
0	the attempt at adding flavor came with the chipotle mayo and sour cream .
1	no apology for the wait and worst of all the pizza crust was terrible .
0	ended up just getting plain strips with honey mustard on the side .
1	chicken strips overcooked with a hard crust .
0	they were cold but did not taste fresh .
1	the crust was terrible and the sauce was bland .
0	this place does not accept credit cards in the year _num_ .
1	the french toast sticks were a little hard around the end crust .
0	avoid this location .
1	so it tasted like burnt crust dust .
0	very sloppy !
1	i ordered two medium sized pizza with thin crust .
0	unfortunately the atmosphere did n't make up for the sub par food .
1	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
0	but yes , you guessed it , that 's overpriced too .
1	the crust was rubbery and stale even though the chicken was very hot .
0	some customers may like it , me , not so much .
1	what i received was loose doughy crust , not crispy .
0	the menu was prix fixed at $ _num_ .
1	crust is like eating cardboard .
0	the free breakfast is as bad as it gets .
1	do i need an artisan barbecue glaze on my crust ?
0	honestly i do n't consider this place a mall .
1	this crust , while thin , did not have flavor and was hard .
0	the parking lot is miserable .
1	maybe it 's cause the crust is too heavy .
0	lamb tasted like the grill and not at all like lamb .
1	secondly , their crust is the wonder bread equivalent of pizza dough .
0	what a horrible experience .
1	what kind of cheesecake does not have a crust ?
0	is n't that why we bring clothes to the cleaners in the first place ?
1	and despite the higher amount of grease , the crust remained dry .
0	disappointed .
1	undercooked pizza crust is unpleasant .
0	my friend lives near here so i came to satisfy my deli sandwich craving .
1	i do n't know how this crust was made .
0	_num_ ) they use canned whipped cream .
1	the crust was a bit soggy and the sauce lacked seasoning too .
0	dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature .
1	of course , its missing toppings and no pretzel crust as ordered .
0	unfortunately , the hair did not stop there .
1	crust tasted like frozen pizza crust .
0	i waited .
1	the crust , sauce , and cheese had virtually no flavor .
0	as for my ca rolls , the avocado was all brown !
1	flavored crust and crazy bread , what ?
0	Neutral
1	new pizza was thick crust and not crispy !
0	it rather looks like a deli counter .
1	the pizza crust tasted like pizza hut .
0	unfortunately the food was not .
1	the crust is too much like cardboard for me .
0	service was ok but occasionally inattentive .
1	if you like real crust ( thicker than paper ) do not eat here !
0	we also had a serious problem with the timing of the food .
1	the parmesan crusted chicken salad .
0	the clerk said she was sorry .
1	it was decently greasy and the crust was n't all that special .
0	the price was fair and the delivery driver was nice .
1	limp , doughy crust .
0	lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
1	the crust was chewy , not in a good way .
0	i was very disappointed .
1	the thin crust , however , was a disaster .
0	such a shame .
1	the crust was tasteless and dry .
0	it was really disappointing .
1	the bottom crust was all gooey .
0	it gets packed .
1	thin crust pizza was horrible .
0	the food is pretty bad for an italian restaurant .
1	the crust was tasteless and soggy like wet cardboard .
0	my eggs benedict was good , so was my bloody mary .
1	the crust is tasteless & the quality just is n't there .
0	i no longer have to carry around my terrible , terrible secret .
1	the crust was not like usual and to much sauce .
0	friday night is apparently not the night to go .
1	the pizza was super thin with virtually no sauce or crust .
0	by far , the worst hotel staff experience i have ever had .
1	none not the sauce or the crust .
0	however , lately i 'm becoming more and more frustrated by the store .
1	the chicken garlic had cardboard generic crust , with no garlic or white sauce .
0	and , a table of _num_ leaving and all paying separately .
1	i had the walnut crusted salmon sandwich and jordan had the reuben .
0	my order was wrong .
1	last friday we ordered a thin crust cheese pizza .
0	it was disgusting .
1	i ordered a thin crust and it was just average .
0	overall the food was hit or miss .
1	pizza tasted great but crust was like rubber , $ _num_ wasted .
0	the pizza was really greasy , and the bacon was minimal .
1	very bland & the crust ... just no .
0	lack concern makes me wonder if we will be back .
1	hot , golden brown , crispy crust , dripping with cheese and toppings .
0	guess what , no fresh oysters .
1	the crust tasted pretty bland , a bit like cardboard .
0	not worth the bucks .
1	the crust was more like cardboard & overall the pie basically tasteless .
0	sub par at best , go to any of the other big burrito restaurants .
1	i ordered cranberry pecan crusted mahi mahi .
0	i used to order takeout here once every month or so .
1	the crust was so thin and tough to chew .
0	i hate that place and everyone in it .
1	i hear that the thin crust is better .
0	this results in my paying $ _num_ i should n't have had to pay .
1	the crust is not homemade , pretty sure .
0	oh yeah , the ac sounds like a _num_ taking off above your bed .
1	crust was nothing special , neither the presentation or toppings .
0	unfortunately within _num_ days one of the diamonds on the halo was missing .
1	i had the stuffed shrimp , he had the almond crusted tilapia .
0	i was very uncomfortable the whole time i was there .
1	i mean , oil was literally dripping out of the crust .
0	the first bed legit has hair under the sheets ... strike _num_ .
1	second price got soggy and the crust is only good when crisp .
0	the front desk girls were not friendly or helpful as well .
1	pizza came , it was ok , but crust was tough .
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	we ordered a _num_ '' thin crust with pepperoni , sausage & mushrooms .
0	very disappointed with this place .
1	the crust was like cardboard and the sauce was nothing special .
0	)
1	pizza crust was very thin and not what i was expecting .
0	the three pastas were very , very basic .
1	we got the prime rib bbq burger and parmesan crusted chicken .
0	the blackened chicken wrap was boring .
1	the rest is crust , and tough , tasteless crust , to boot .
0	the meat was very dry and falling apart but not over cooked .
1	only this time the crust was even more chewy and soft then before .
0	salmon salad was not good at all .
1	the crust was soggy , the lemon filling was running and watery .
0	the women at the front of the line had been waiting ten minutes .
1	my wife had a quesadilla whose crust was burned .
0	these folks are not honest and just want you out of there quickly .
1	the crust was super doughy and the cheese was pretty gross .
0	i never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be .
1	the pizza came and the crust was anything but , more like bread .
0	the entrance to this location always smells like spoiled milk .
1	the pizza crust was tasteless , soggy and gross !
0	went for lunch for hoagie , fries and _num_ cuts .
1	the pizza crust lacked flavor but was crunchy .
0	i was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone .
1	i ordered a new york style thin crust pizza with pepperoni .
0	she reluctantly gave me the owners name .
1	the crust is me , too chewy and without taste .
0	every january i buy _num_ months worth of cheese for my family members .
1	there is very little sauce , fairly dry cheese , and a chewy crust .
0	i really do n't see the hype .
1	the sauce tasted like sugar and the crust was bland .
0	not very good chinese food here .
1	the sauce tasted sour and the crust like cardboard .
0	either way , no need for rudeness .
1	soggy in the middle , too dry on the crust .
0	i had two dogs , fries , and a coke for lunch .
1	the gluten free crust is horrible .
0	the quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor .
1	where the crust was n't soggy , it was tough and rubbery .
0	i do n't expect this rock bottom to be around too much longer .
1	the crust was like a pizza stone .
0	not a fan of this `` german '' place .
1	the pork chop is very thick and has a very burnt crust .
0	the whole call took _num_ minutes most of it on hold .
1	soggy crust , toppings were very sparse , and it was really greasy .
0	$ _num_ and we both left and ate pizza .
1	the person next to me had the thin crust which looked pretty good .
0	_num_ these guys can never seem to cook their fries properly .
1	the crust was black b/c it was so burnt .
0	poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality .
1	finally we went with the sesame crusted fish with a melon salsa .
0	i would n't order a pizza from them again .
1	maybe they just suck at thin crust .
0	_num_ .
1	crust not cooked enough etc i hope this is not a trend .
0	if i could give negative star rating i would .
1	i hate it when the crust is soggy !
0	the hem was n't even touched and they charged me $ _num_ .
1	thin crust pepperoni was very blah .
0	more frustrating than conversations with the wall .
1	it 's too fluffy as pizza crust .
0	additionally , they did not smell so well .
1	small local business that makes greasy thin crust pizza that is really tasty .
0	my main complaint with them is that they lied to me .
1	the pizza was flavorless and the crust was just a soggy mush .
0	the menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive .
1	the crust was burnt and it looked nothing like a chicago deep dish pizza .
0	we got the scallop appetizer and it was to die for !
1	we ordered the pear gorgonzola dinner salad and a medium thin crust margarita pizza .
0	i did not have internet for about a month .
1	the macadamia crusted mahi was simply so-so .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	the crust was so blah and the sauce had no flavor .
0	tasty , but not real butter pecan .
1	their pies could use more sauce to balance out all that bland crust .
0	either way , on a saturday night , i would n't recommend going here .
1	very disappointing , bland food , burnt pizza crust .
0	one of the worst steak sandwiches i 've ever eaten .
1	i like thin pizza with an initial crunch then some chew to the crust .
0	the food , however , is mediocre at best .
1	no flavor on the crust whatsoever and the tomato paste .
0	it 's a hit and miss .
1	the crust is like cardboard , sometimes even a little burnt .
0	way too expensive if you ask me .
1	but the crust was like shoe leather .
0	wan 's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with _num_ other friends .
1	the crust is super thin and ca n't hold anything .
0	it 's really sad actually .
1	had no crust on it .
0	it 's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows .
1	now the sauce has no taste and the crust is thick and doughy .
0	i should have known then that it would be a bad experience .
1	the pizza had ok flavor but the crust was absolutely paper thin and horrible .
0	waitresses do not make much of an effort .
1	pecan crusted trout was tasteless .
0	otherwise , negative stars would be in effect .
1	the crust is incredibly thin .
0	i do n't normally feel compelled to complain but that is ridiculous .
1	it all comes down to the crust -- i threw it out .
0	most of the time , they 're downright rude .
1	valentine 's day pizza picked up : wrong crust , lukewarm .
0	my husband 's pasta had even less flavor than mine .
1	it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
0	i do n't need to spend my money there .
1	the pizza crust is rubber and just strange tasting !
0	it was also an outrageous $ _num_ dollars .
1	just a couple of bites - mostly crust and barely any filling to savor .
0	`` nah '' it was _num_ .
1	i could see the crust in some areas .
0	wo n't be back .
1	filling was good , but the crust was really soggy , even the edges .
0	but then again he knows everything is crap in his store .
1	crust should be crusty , not like a big slab of white bread .
0	reason i book reservation is to have enough seats ahead of time .
1	the herb crusted chicken was extremely dry .
0	i do n't know how this place has stayed in business for so long .
1	silverware covered in old crusted food .
0	i should know better than to have high expectations .
1	however , the sausage and mushroom thin crust i had was mediocre at best .
0	thank you for your horrible customer service i will never be back.
1	but i realized that it was gluten free , not the standard crust .
0	i 'm not a fan of that .
1	the crust was soggy and had little flavor .
0	the food here is ok but not worth the price .
1	thick , deep crust pizza with good chunks of buffalo chicken .
0	i heard her talking about customers very badly .
1	the worst was the crust !
0	the service is not only poor , but the staff are rude .
1	too bad , because the crust was excellent .
0	they ca n't even give you the courtesy of trying on their dresses .
1	the crust is just too overly seasoned .
0	there is no excuse .
1	the gluten-free however , came out with the crust burned .
0	also the restaurant is not really clean either .
1	food was cold and chewy and i had ordered crispy thin crust .
0	most of the bags that contained these watches were missing something .
1	i 'm scared to see what an actual thin crust pizza would be like .
0	never going back .
1	this crust was like cardboard .
0	smoke bomb disappeared !
1	the cheese did n't taste right , the crust was like a soggy bread .
0	i will not recommend this establishment in the future .
1	the crust was limp and doughy .
0	menu says `` soup '' , no particular type .
1	i got a pizza that was almost all crust and mediocre toppings .
0	when you try to cancel it takes forever and they are rude !
1	the crust was so thin you need your reading glasses to see it .
0	days passed and no call .
1	the crust is hard and flavorless .
0	horrible customer service and they always screw up our orders .
1	too many tomatoes piled on a soaked crust and box .
0	maybe part of the problem was expectations ?
1	we ordered a thin crust and it was extremely salty .
0	waited _num_ minutes for two glasses of wine .
1	one was the wrong size wrong crust .
0	even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us .
1	all you get is undercooked crust .
0	dirty tables , i agree with the other reviews here .
1	the crust was mediocre .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	sauce was way too sweet and crust was way too chewy .
0	i was sadly mistaken .
1	crust was also just a boring crust .
0	diner _num_ - steamed clams .
1	the crust was tasty but i hardly ate any of the cake itself .
0	at this point , i am done .
1	the crust was insanely chewy to the point of making your jaw hurt .
0	this spot would n't have lasted a year in nyc .
1	i could n't even see the shrimp underneath the thick crust of cajun seasoning .
0	i wasted my money , and i will never , ever go back there .
1	how does a pizza hut run out of garlic breadsticks & medium crust ?
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	i had a slice tonight and the crust was soggy ( ugh ! )
0	my friend ordered veal and they brought him sausage .
1	crust had no flavor .
0	we just ignored this and ate the calamari , as is .
1	the top crust is not flaky at all .
0	i have driven _num_ miles in the car since beginning of september .
1	the pizza was flavorless and the crust tasted like cardboard .
0	it does n't work .
1	the crust was so thin it was soggy everywhere but the edges .
0	the bread pudding was ice cold and hard as a rock .
1	undercooked flat crust , bland marinara , and canned mushrooms .
0	poor service that leaves tenants to fight mildew on their own .
1	the crust is tasteless .
0	received bad service today .
1	there was nothing special about the flavor of this pie crust .
0	i just hate to see it .
1	crust tends to be overcooked so if like that , this is the place .
0	avoid !
1	the crust was flavorless .
0	they complained that our house was not clean and scared off the potential tenants .
1	my daughter ordered two large regular crust cheese pizzas and i brought them home .
0	terrible experience .
1	there are only so many crust options .
0	no hello on entering .
1	the pizza - decent crust , but totally lacking flavor .
0	$ _num_ , including tip .
1	the crust was hard and flavorless .
0	it was n't even crowded .
1	flavorless pizza , full of grease & tasteless crust .
0	it was like an old sweet an sour sauce with a little spice .
1	the crust was overly dense and chewy , not at all flaky .
0	whatever it was , it was gross .
1	a large cheese thin crust pizza is _num_ bucks .
0	our food tasted frozen and overcooked .
1	crust was ok and the pizza sauce was bitter .
0	has n't made me sick , again .
1	they specialize in thin crust pizzas .
0	the portions here are huge ( the one constant ) .
1	tonight , we got the thin crust .
0	this food , though , it was n't good .
1	the cheese is like rubber , but the crust is chewy .
0	i really wanted to like this place but alas it just was n't happening .
1	the crust was like shoe leather tonight and hard to eat .
0	waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu .
1	the parmesan crusted chicken was terrible .
0	horrible service and food .
1	we ordered stuffed crust with marinara sauce .
0	much closer to bland than anything .
1	first bite ... the crust was doughy and chewy and tasted strongly of flour .
0	the service is awful .
1	i have nothing good to say about the crust of the pizza we received .
0	the potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall .
1	the crust was literally like cardboard , the cheese was rubbery and over-cooked .
0	they were very quick ( food ordered and delivered in under _num_ minutes ) .
1	the pizza crust is really , really salty .
0	starbucks is not the right one for me .
1	crust was the only part worth eating .
0	and a generally miserable experience .
1	a little greasy for my taste but the crust was good .
0	and the store is dirty , just as others have said .
1	both had no flavor and the crust was chewy and lousy .
0	because you could n't fit me in within a day i get screwed ?
1	for my appetizer , i chose the sausage in crust .
0	lamb chops and shrimp pasta were just ok.
1	the chicken was lackluster and barely crusted or cooked .
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	goat cheese crusted in nuts .
0	i tried a bite of it .
1	did n't even enjoy the pizza crust .
0	it was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots .
1	we were expecting a thin , crisp crust with almost sparse toppings .
0	however , the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor .
1	the crust was dry and tasted like days old bread .
0	worst hotel i have yet to stay in as a consultant .
1	the crust was n't flaky and it was n't even layered right .
0	unfortunately , that was the high point of this service .
1	the pizza was thin crust , square cut , and cold .
0	their service is a hot mess !
1	the texture of the crust was comparable to cardboard .
