0	no soup for me apparently .
1	this place was nearby so i decided to check it out .
0	the bed was dirty too .
1	anyway , we sip our disappointing drinks and decide to order an appetizer .
0	the bill .
1	i have tried it _num_ or _num_ times before i decided to go elsewhere .
0	update : i received a very much appreciated phone call from the owner today .
1	get there at _num_ and decide to pass the time by getting a bite .
0	terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
1	if you do decide to rent be very careful !
0	our server was attentive , almost to a fault .
1	so i decide to try a coffee tree for once .
0	worst customer service .
1	you can decide for yourself which to pick .
0	the moo shu pork was forgettable .
1	my gf decided french toast was fine .
0	it 's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable .
1	therefore , we decided now , we will definitely not return anymore .
0	i 've had way better chinese sushi at giant eagle of all places .
1	i decide to give them another shot and get my oil changed .
0	the cheese ruined this pie .
1	you decide which is worse .
0	we ordered _num_ family portions of _num_ different dishes .
1	i usually just get take out nowadays if i decide to stop by .
0	soup not hot , waitress and cook fighting loudly .
1	as we left we all decided not to come back , thank god .
0	the pasta dish would have been very good had it been seasoned enough .
1	after _num_ minutes in a traffic jam without parking , we decided to leave .
0	i sat in the little snack area and drank it .
1	check it out and decide for yourself .
0	and there are n't as many rest stops .
1	the next visit we decided to stick to the plain cheese pizza .
0	the upscale prices did not match the dingy and dirty store .
1	i decided to play it safe and ordered the broccoli in garlic sauce .
0	my friend lives near here so i came to satisfy my deli sandwich craving .
1	i decided to drop of my absolute favorite boots to rave .
0	there 's no smoking inside , of course , but it always happened .
1	after a couple rounds of that i decided to just find everything myself .
0	the sauce is very forgettable and watery .
1	so i decided to run my car down to sun devil auto .
0	we were disappointed .
1	last week i decided to give them a second try and replaced my order .
0	but they are n't reliable .
1	not sure why i keep deciding to come back here .
0	maybe that 's for atmosphere , but it was not enjoyable .
1	we decided to give it a try and disregard the bad reviews .
0	no ketchup ?
1	he decided not eat his food .
0	this was by far the worst hotel experience i 've ever had .
1	be very careful if you decide to live at this apartment complex .
0	additionally , the experience at the salon left much to be desired .
1	mark ordered the chicken fried steak , i decided on the hawaiian burger .
0	food was flavorless , plain .
1	ok , so i finally decide to take advantage of my insurance .
0	the pasta i got was good , but nothing to write home about .
1	i had a groupon so decided to try it .
0	do n't worry but i wo n't come close to this restaurant again .
1	_num_ minutes after ordering the mozzarella sticks , they decided to come out .
0	sausage was disgusting .
1	if you decide to try this place during peak hours wear comfortable shoes .
0	very disappointing easter dinner .
1	ca n't decide if i 'll give this another shot or not .
0	not a good sign .
1	mary decided to tell me `` you need to hurry it on up !
0	no potatoes or any other filling except a few peas .
1	if i ever decide to return , i will update accordingly .
0	the chicken nuggets come out under par .
1	not complaining , i decided to buy another at that cheap of a price .
0	hot water , not much of it low water pressure as well .
1	so , i decided to go with _num_ hotcakes .
0	it 's a little annoying .
1	very glad i decided to not come here .
0	_num_ .
1	if you decide to try this place stick to pizza with marinara sauce .
0	the dining room breakfast was served in was tacky and the coffee awful .
1	i decided to try this place because they deliver and oregano 's does not .
0	this was not nearly as good .
1	so we decided to go that route and ordered pizza around 5:30 pm tonight .
0	staff was friendly and drinks were reasonable but nothing to rave about .
1	i probably will try another place when i decide to do this again .
0	this was such a sour experience .
1	however , this time , we decided to also try the golden steer .
0	i got a fill and a fix because i broke a nail .
1	corporate recently decided to stop their happy hour on saturdays .
0	i was not impressed by anything here .
1	so , i decided to sit outside as i had already ordered my food .
0	actually , there are not `` two sizes '' of `` one scoop '' .
1	for my third tattoo , i decided i wanted to go to fu 's .
0	my husband and i stayed in pittsburgh for weeks and wanted to have pho .
1	he actual looked disappointed that we decided to stay .
0	i was in a time crunch , so paid anyways .
1	my group decided to check it out and was very disappointed .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	i was driving through and decided to spend a night here .
0	while it was ok , it was n't great .
1	my last experience was mediocre and still decided to give this place another try .
0	it was all mushy breading and very little chicken .
1	so me and my husband decide to split a dish .
0	other times , it does n't seem so busy .
1	we decide we might as well take the courtesy shuttle to galleria mall .
0	because i 'm not prepared to pay $ _num_ for a single visit ?
1	after another ten minutes , i finally decide to drive myself .
0	do n't use the drive-thru .
1	was craving sushi and decided to give this place a try .
0	they sprayed the windows but obviously allowed them to air dry .
1	unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight .
0	each visit was more bizarre than the time before .
1	can we sit down and look at the menu before deciding ?
0	super disappointed in this place .
1	decided to stop in for a beer and potatoes skins and wings .
0	hardly saw any of that today .
1	unfortunately we have decided that the third time is not the charm .
0	- ambiance is nice , upscale , not too loud .
1	so consider my advice if you decide to purchase here .
0	wonton soup and a mediocre fortune earns this one ( _num_ ) golden star .
1	my boyfriend and i decided to split the platter , which was horrible .
0	as far as the menu , i was n't impressed .
1	so lazy employees decide to take off early .
0	overall , i would n't go back .
1	just decided to try this place tonight on a whim .
0	felt like i was in someone else 's hood .
1	if i decide to go back , it will be takeout .
0	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
1	so dirty i decided i could not eat here .
0	very bad service .
1	when i parked again i decided i should 've walked around the whole truck .
0	very bad purchase experience .
1	forty five minutes into this whole deal , we decided that enough was enough .
0	i stopped by to see them , asking them to give me a price .
1	earlier this week i decided to order a rather large order to be delivered .
0	friday night is apparently not the night to go .
1	anyway on this trip i decided an off the strip stay would do .
0	i wish there were other options of stores similar to them in the area .
1	just decided to take money out of my account .
0	i do n't want anyone else to go through this .
1	we decided on the two salmon salads & both were horrible .
0	no way would i ever stay at this motel again .
1	so we decide to go last evening and man were we disappointed .
0	unacceptable .
1	i decide i want no part if this scene .
0	battered and fried .
1	decided to try something new other than starbucks , completely regret it .
0	i went to this restaurant saturday for the first time .
1	after reading reviews on yelp we decided to try this place .
0	lamb chops and shrimp pasta were just ok.
1	usually you leave that for the customer to decide .
0	it was super busy and only _num_ employees were making food .
1	i request a booth and decide on the buffet .
0	and the waitress did n't return until after we were done eating .
1	_num_ weeks passed and i decided to follow up on it .
0	the food was even worse than i remembered .
1	after about _num_ min of waiting , i decided to go to the counter .
0	weird experience .
1	you decide which is more important .
0	the waitress did n't take the coke off of the bill until i asked .
1	fortunately i used a groupon deal before deciding to register for regular classes .
0	_num_ .
1	was so uncomfortable for me that i decided to snap his pic .
0	avoid !
1	i 've decided to return to my old vet .
0	smoked salmon plus creamy sauce , yum .
1	lol so we said screw it and decided to check it out anyway .
0	and there was no alcohol in it .
1	anyways , lost the recommendation name and decided to yelp around that area .
0	could n't keep my eyes open !
1	i drove by and decided , hey i will try them .
0	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
1	no vote , just a letter that they have decided to not allow it .
0	but then i had to wait more than _num_ minutes to get my food .
1	after _num_ more minutes , we decided to leave .
0	horrible place !
1	could not eat it but did n't complain just decided to let it go .
0	i wish someone had informed the port authority of this .
1	after all the hype i have heard i decided to try this place .
0	is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on ?
1	not from az but decided on a business trip to get my nails done .
0	the toppings were terrible ( pepperoni , sausage .
1	after not hearing from him for almost a week , i decided to call .
0	i used to order takeout here once every month or so .
1	he ate less than half before deciding it was time to stop .
0	oh , with _num_ pitiful shrimp on top .
1	thinking that they would know best we decided to give it a try .
0	the hotel itself is ok .
1	i decided to call back , hoping to get another receptionist .
0	not a good idea .
1	after the 2nd trip , i 've decided not to come back .
0	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
1	i probably would have complained , but we decided instead to pay and leave .
0	the gyro itself was mediocre .
1	we decided on the tuesday special - all you can eat chicken and ribs .
0	they continued to stare for several minutes , unbelievably unprofessional .
1	i decided i was n't willing to pay nursery prices and left empty handed .
0	the sauce they were drowning in seemed to have almost a chemical taste .
1	in any case , i decided moon valley chiropractic is no longer for me .
0	$ _num_ down the drain .
1	decided to check out this pho place after some drinking and gambling .
0	wow , this was just embarrassing ( for them ) .
1	we decided to try the place again thinking it was a bad night .
0	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
1	i was by myself so decided to sit at the bar .
0	horrible .
1	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
0	anyway , i 'm never going back here .
1	decided to try his pa , brenda , and immediately liked her .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	decided to come and give them another try no food on buffet .
0	i 've got to ask myself why do i keep doing this .
1	stayed maybe _num_ minutes and decided to head to sunset station .
0	coming here was usually pretty exciting .
1	however , i decided to give ihop one more try .
0	why even keep this historical , old , dingy , dirty room ?
1	my first visit was so bad i decided i should try it again .
0	the service was terrible .
1	i decided to go there and place my order .
0	my husband 's salad , italian chopped , was better .
1	front office staff has been the deciding factor for me in this choice .
0	do not believe he cares about his patients .
1	definitely decided next year , we 're doing turkey at home .
0	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
1	tonight we decided to go back and had high hopes .
0	it 's horrible .
1	i decided to recently eat here again and i completely regret it .
0	i waited about _num_ mins and still no menu .
1	we then talked about what alternatives there were and decided on chicken fingers .
0	for $ _num_ a person it was terrible .
1	so quickly , my boyfriend and i decide on a lunch entree instead .
0	but last few times i have gone it has not taste the same .
1	decided to give a chance again this summer and it 's worse !
0	_num_ ) red beans rice and sausage was not good .
1	so i was grossed out and decided not to eat .
0	you will be disappointed .
1	i got my eyebrows done for $ _num_ and decided to get a haircut .
0	just do n't expect fantastic korean bbq .
1	then they decide to charge me the annual patient fee !
0	the owner is very pretentious and rude .
1	deciding not to get it , i placed it on a near by shelf .
0	very noisy .
1	i decided at that time that i could not wait any longer .
0	please do not give them business .
1	i decide to leave the bike there .
0	the location also seemed a bit sketchy ; i 'd avoid this one .
1	we continued to wait another _num_ minutes then decided to leave .
0	the entrees were dull and lacked seasoning .
1	had a gift card from xmas so decided i better use it , lol .
0	we 'd probably never go back .
1	i did n't decide to check on the work cause its a tire patch .
0	if you are going to shop here , do not use their delivery service .
1	i decided to just pay and leave because the ring looked so sloppy .
0	the elevator moved really slow .
1	still deciding , huh ? ''
0	_num_ .
1	afternoon rolls around i decide to call them .
0	what a horrible experience .
1	decided to try this noodle cafe and was highly disappointed !
0	no drafts or specials on a friday when we got there at _num_ .
1	why do people decide to come to wal-mart and do meet and greets ?
0	the hilton would probably have been better or perhaps any of the other hotels .
1	my girlfriend and i decided to attend your 7pm bingo session .
0	wo n't come again to this place ... .
1	not wanting to stand there all night i decided to jump in her line .
0	avoid !
1	so i decide to call napoli based on yelp reviews .
0	the pizza was bland , tasteless .
1	i lost my appetite after the bug incident and we decided to just leave .
0	the size that i ordered required zero alterations .
1	if you decide to buy online , good luck !
0	then , in june , my maid of honor calls me .
1	and after her comments , i 'm so glad that i decided to leave .
0	i do n't like coleslaw .
1	i decide not to go this restaurant anymore .
0	simply a bad experience .
1	if you do decide to go here , only go to mr. brian .
0	was she having a bad day ?
1	decided to give another chance today , and i get robbed .
0	dry rice , no flavor , greasy .
1	my girlfriends and i decided to go out for dinner and drinks tonight .
0	the server takes my plate , and says they would make it right .
1	decided to give the elephant bar a try despite the reviews .
0	stale .
1	recently i decided i need to splurge on myself and get a chanel bag .
0	dirty and slow .
1	decided to give them another chance and was disappointed .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	but because i have n't yelped in a while , i decided to entertain .
0	high prices , horrible service !
1	so almost _num_ hrs later i decided enough was enough .
0	this place is terrible !
1	on top of that we missed our movie and just decided to go home .
0	the crab dip was another disappointment .
1	this went one for _num_ minutes before we decided to get up and leave !
0	my only regret is i can not leave a 1/2 star rating .
1	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
0	only _num_ stars for location .
1	then they decide gee guess we better keep her overnight just in case .
0	i did n't think it was that good .
1	waited _num_ minutes before the lazy waitress decided to come greet me .
0	what 's worse ?
1	so i decided to try thai house again as my craving was strong .
0	worst service .
1	it 's not like i took a long time deciding what i wanted .
0	over crowded , loud , and not a relaxing experience .
1	so we decided to finally try it and made a huge mistake .
0	my water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it .
1	we sat down and looked at our menus to decide what we wanted .
0	we 'll be enjoying breakfast elsewhere in the future .
1	we decided to ask the hostess to seat us in the dining room instead .
0	i gave this place two tries and was disappointed both times .
1	just decided that we spent our last dollar there last week .
0	the mediocre : everything else .
1	i decided to try this since it was a full service wash .
0	Neutral
1	we could n't sell the house we decided to rent it out .
0	not to mention they do n't fill your drink !
1	my husband and i decided to try a new place tonight .
0	i ordered two chicken finger kids meals and two adult meals .
1	i wish i 'd read these reviews before deciding to stay here .
0	cold food !
1	please do your research before deciding to purchase from carmax .
0	i am upset to report that this tasted rather bland .
1	so i gave it some time i decided to give breakfast a shot .
0	worst experience in a long time .
1	decided on henry 's since we were close by and there was no wait .
0	terrible service .
1	after an hour and half we could not wait so we decided to leave .
0	not impressed .
1	oh well we are renting a car this week and decided to use avis .
0	worst customer service at this place .
1	we almost walked out , but decided we will give them one last shot .
0	unless she is really trying to take over the olive garden market .
1	some people just ca n't decide what they want '' .
0	unfortunately , it was not as good as i hoped .
1	just be careful if you decide to visit this clinic .
0	maybe it 's just the built in crowd .
1	, but instead they decided to take advantage of my position .
0	the soup was neither hot in temperature or spice but it certainly was sour .
1	after reading all reviews decided to take my family there boy were we disappointed .
0	the lox bagels are not even made open face .
1	decided quickly this was not okay and got up and left .
0	additionally , they did not smell so well .
1	the drive thru line was horribly long so we decided to dine in .
0	this crust , while thin , did not have flavor and was hard .
1	you decide whether or not i was taken advantage of .
0	it was generous for the `` _num_ scoop '' order .
1	i decide not to order from this place .
0	not good .
1	bottom line , be careful if you decide to purchase a ford .
0	it was horrible .
1	last night i decided to give it another try and got crappy mozzarella sticks .
0	slow kitchen right .
1	however , tonight i decided to try their new california bowl .
0	there are no descriptions for any of the rolls .
1	then when i decided to leave they charged me about $ _num_ in fees .
0	the miso soup was barely average .
1	hand leftovers decided not to eat them .
0	my issue was the price , $ _num_ .
1	i decided to stop in for lunch since i now work in the area .
0	we wasted $ _num_ on spoiled food .
1	to make matters worse , the staff decided to add gratuity to our check .
0	you 're not going every which way to try and find things .
1	waitress brought the drinks and we asked for a couple more minutes to decide .
0	it was n't bad , just nothing great .
1	the flavor was bland , so i decided to add chili paste .
0	everything is basic with a large price tag .
1	but last night we decided to go in for dinner and drinks .
0	it 's dirty and weird .
1	but , i live closer to fletcher so i decide to go there instead .
0	could n't remember anything .
1	only a ten minute wait was indicated , so we decided to stay .
0	oh wait though .
1	i went over to pick up the car and decide what to do .
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	decided to walk outside and call because reservations at a sports bar is questionable .
0	literally worst service i 've ever received at a hotel .
1	i have decided that i hate this place .
0	i woke up with bed bug bites all over my body !
1	sat down for _num_ min before i decided to walk out .
0	never going back .
1	took another _num_ minutes if not more before a waiter decided to come over .
0	i do n't like this place at all .
1	establishment was not busy at all , decided to seat ourselves at the bar .
0	she was generally nice and probably embarrassed for serving such crappy food .
1	it always seems busy so tonight we decided to give it a try .
0	i mean , i understand you do n't care about _num_ dollars .
1	my husband and i almost decided to go with this company .
0	it was $ _num_ a piece for my wife and i to get in .
1	we decided to try room service ... what a mistake .
0	my other issue is their restaurants are all filthy .
1	after about _num_ minutes we decided to just leave .
0	drinks were not good .
1	wash your hands if you still decide to go .
0	_num_ .
1	_num_ minutes later as we waited , a cockroach decided to join the party .
0	i was n't standing behind the people 's sitting at the bar .
1	rather than die a painful death i decided to stop eating there .
0	at that point , she said i 'll grab you water and bread .
1	after several minutes of this , i decided to ask for a refund .
0	it 's not romantic , just dim .
1	have n't been to native in awhile and decided to try them out again .
0	if you send them an email , they do n't check it .
1	but ultimately i decided to buy , and get financing through vw credit .
