0	fish market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity or new management .
1	it took quite awhile for just the drinks to get delivered .
0	nothing special .
1	everyone 's food , once brought out , was cold when delivered .
0	why every time i come in here , it 's really hot ?
1	ok , it took over two hours for the driver to deliver our food .
0	average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
1	they do n't deliver to the luxor .
0	took another _num_ minutes to get the drinks .
1	each of our four person party 's entrees was delivered 5-10 minutes apart .
0	one of my party has still not received his chicken sandwich .
1	called today to order a pizza was told they wo n't deliver to me .
0	well what a mistake i made .
1	the correct chair was finally delivered _num_ days after it was ordered .
0	_num_ sundaes were $ _num_ .
1	this is unfortunately the one that delivers to my house .
0	the flavor of the dough is generic and salty .
1	our waiter delivered the soup and salad , but forgot the dressing .
0	i chose a sugar cookie and mexican cookie .
1	chips and salsa was delivered .
0	the management is horrible and never understanding .
1	i immediately placed my order for _num_ tons of rock , delivered on time .
0	so this past friday i held a birthday dinner for my mother here .
1	much better pizza even if they do n't deliver .
0	they even screwed my order .
1	but it just fails to deliver too often .
0	never going back .
1	soup and salad were delivered at the same time .
0	atmosphere : typical chinese takeout place .
1	the flowers delivered were nothing like what is shown on the website .
0	four star _num_ diamond yea right .
1	the food is already bland , then to deliver it cold ?
0	over priced , over hyped but a hell of a time regardless .
1	took _num_ hours for one pizza to be delivered .
0	it was a disgrace .
1	then they rescheduled my appt due to doctor leaving office to deliver a baby .
0	was going to try the buffalo pizza .
1	food was delivered _num_ minutes later .
0	however , when we got there the buffet was well picked over .
1	as i sat down to meet my friend his drink was delivered .
0	the romaine is especially pitiful .
1	slow service ... took almost two hours to deliver on two separate occasions .
0	however the experience here was not very good !
1	first , the pizza delivered was not what i ordered .
0	they were returned to me a full size smaller than i dropped them off .
1	i 'm not sure what was delivered , but it was not mongolian beef .
0	Negative
1	it was not delivered on wednesday .
0	do n't bother eating here .
1	they delivered bad service .
0	i never used the sauna , so i can not comment on that .
1	our wine was not delivered until after our steaks arrived .
0	i asked for my money back .
1	after delivering the meals , the server never checked back .
0	the salad was nothing special .
1	not to mention the fact that entire boxes of flooring were delivered damaged .
0	i asked for my check and barely ate anything .
1	this company has not even delivered our couch yet and we are already unhappy .
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	the mall ring circle , henderson , nv delivered _num_ damaged pieces of furniture .
0	service was terrible .
1	bottomless fries but the staff never comes back after delivering the initial order .
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	the food that was delivered to us was simply inedible .
0	_num_ minutes later we were sat .
1	and _num_ minutes later our food was delivered .
0	add that to the place , the staff , the price - go elsewhere .
1	$ _num_ to deliver a substandard arrangement less than _num_ miles ?
0	this was the worst service and experience i have ever received !
1	tea station was able to deliver where volcano failed .
0	water glasses stayed empty for almost _num_ minutes !
1	_num_ minutes later , our food was delivered .
0	after the renovation the place lost its center !
1	the tile from the bone yard was delivered .
0	sadly , the professionalism of the front desk never got better .
1	when they finally delivered our goods , so many things were smashed beyond repair .
0	but sadly , it was n't .
1	( and the quality delivered is mostly poor . )
0	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
1	the bill was delivered but the dirty dinner dishes were never removed .
0	not crowded but service was quite slow so i took off a star .
1	she only delivered our initial drink order and a water refill .
0	the business is not run the way it has been in the past .
1	delivered our desert in a to go container without us even asking !
0	i ate two of the _num_ tenders ( seven ! )
1	it was delivered to me with tomato and american cheese .
0	_num_ separate different roaches in a matter of _num_ minutes in the same restaurant .
1	the info screen says they deliver but they do n't .
0	i paid _num_ at my local giant eagle .
1	they literally just threw the wings in the fryer and delivered it to us .
0	i would give this eat n park location zero stars if i could .
1	they have an excuse for everything and deliver nothing .
0	the food on the buffet was cold and tasted old .
1	when i arrived they delivered my luggage to the wrong room .
0	buses are late all the time .
1	however this place fails to deliver far below on our expectations .
0	the second time about 2-3 months later was just awful .
1	after waiting _num_ minutes , it was delivered ... with no noodles .
0	both the waitress and the bartender were extremely rude .
1	the bruschetta was finally delivered and it was nothing to get excited over .
0	i gave them all my contacts information to reach me .
1	the manager was very rude and the waitress forgot to deliver the appetizer .
0	i mean really , this is ridiculous .
1	classic bad business : under delivering after over promising .
0	go to meat & potatoes instead , and order a sandwich there .
1	never was delivered food , promised refund would go through .
0	the kicker is that this was n't the first time this has happened .
1	it took _num_ minutes for our three entrees to be delivered .
0	the only compensation we got were $ _num_ game cards .
1	this is the second time pizza has been delivered cold .
0	there 's no day pass .
1	negative : the food sounds good but does n't deliver you to flavor town .
0	hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway .
1	did my flowers even get delivered ?
0	we mention our reservation , he says no problem _num_ min ... great !
1	the three pizzas i had delivered were all cold , dry , and overdone .
0	whoever recently took over , should be ashamed .
1	we waited over _num_ hours for the food to be delivered .
0	it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ?
1	they then delivered the wrong chair .
0	i could not even eat one !
1	ok i was not expecting much , and they delivered .
0	such a shame .
1	the chip order was not delivered .
0	very quick but kinda confusing to find the place .
1	_num_ minutes to deliver orders to the _num_ cars in front of me .
0	you are better off going to another nearby dry cleaner .
1	also their pricing is high for the poor work they deliver .
0	but getting to that point was one disaster after another .
1	this store also does n't deliver the bagels to your table .
0	zero flavor , zero filling , frozen wan tons ?
1	my order was scheduled for delivery on may _num_ , but was not delivered .
0	not best cake in america by a long shot .
1	drinks are delivered he disappeared again for another 10-15 minutes .
0	i usually get the steak salad which used to be good .
1	but the deliver guy was so weird .
0	i made an appointment weeks ago .
1	that was fine but then _num_ 1/2 later was when it was finally delivered .
0	the table they sat us at , smelled so badly !
1	then she delivered my food and told me my toast will be up soon .
0	- they want $ _num_ for cheese on their eggs .
1	i had bedroom set deliver to my home on saturday march _num_ , _num_ .
0	in the meantime , date was unimpressed with the chicken .
1	the baked potato was delivered piping hot .
0	we called again and he said that they could n't find our car keys .
1	just tell me you are n't going to deliver .
0	wrong !
1	seating was quick , order was taken quickly , salads were delivered quickly .
0	but no .
1	called the closest store to find out they can not deliver .
0	i just do n't know how a business in _num_ can operate this way .
1	they hd no drivers to deliver what they messed up on .
0	the only thing this place has going for itself is the decor .
1	so this is my second time getting pizza from rosati 's delivered .
0	terrible service !
1	wrong dishwasher delivered the first time .
0	the food went from amazing to mediocre without missing a beat .
1	floral arrangements are not delivered as they appear online .
0	in a bad frame of mind , i tried my food .
1	it took them _num_ hours to deliver my one pizza .
0	the pie it self was a real mess .
1	what was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip .
0	clearly , i was never meant to know the price of this ring .
1	it was delivered cold and tasted like cold cheese bread .
0	i did n't think it was that good .
1	check was delivered halfway through meal .
0	i will never go back though .
1	i ordered online to have a mixed bouquet delivered on mother 's day .
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	water delivered with no straws , had to ask .
0	pizza was fine but nothing special .
1	was not able to deliver to my location .
0	terrible .
1	_num_ were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered _num_ .
0	i will never go back to that place again .
1	i like a traditional natural manicure and this place does not deliver .
0	he said no because we didnt discuss it .
1	the meal was not delivered together .
0	again , very bland .
1	the older man that delivered my flowers had a horrible attitude .
0	so , my wife got up and we walked out of this place .
1	ordered from them only because they were open and delivered after 10pm .
0	well i went there on january _num_ to return my mattress .
1	when the pizza was delivered , i noticed an additional $ _num_ charge .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	waitress delivered our water and drinks then nothing further for about ten minutes .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	she also `` overcharged for burrito and never delivered an ordered side dish .
0	last night i decided to give it another try and got crappy mozzarella sticks .
1	they consistently deliver the worst service of any restaurant i have ever been to .
0	i could n't taste salt or pepper or garlic or even feel any heat .
1	made my first delivery order on wednesday to be delivered thursday .
0	hot & sour soup was highly americanized , not very hot or very sour .
1	_num_ minutes late the drinks were delivered .
0	sad to say the other reviews i read of this place are accurate .
1	delivered half an hour later than quoted .
0	the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
1	our expectations were not too high and the restaurant delivered just that .
0	both drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol .
1	aj 's fine foods did not deliver the quality that i was expecting .
0	if you do n't have the time just go next door to the subway .
1	i would run far away from this hospital and deliver elsewhere !
0	very common problem in these apartments .
1	my nightmare began after getting the car delivered from this dealer .
0	it 's sad to me that someone would open a coffee shop like this .
1	no we do n't deliver have a nice day .
0	the second haircut was great , but styled horribly .
1	but it sure does n't deliver .
0	i am standing waiting for our table _num_ minutes past our time .
1	both times my pizza was delivered at room temperature .
0	i thought the turkey was slimy and tasted weird .
1	when she delivered their food there was not a single mention of the delay .
0	i do n't need to spend my money there .
1	good concept but does n't deliver .
0	absolutely horrible customer service !
1	carl promised me certain things if i bought a car and did not deliver .
0	my experience at this friday 's was not what i was expecting .
1	i placed an order online to have the flowers delivered at 3pm .
0	it is a shame because buffalo blues does have potential .
1	no one check on us after the food was delivered .
0	there are just too many misses in my book though .
1	one minute later all of our food was delivered cold .
0	some of the worst service ever .
1	it took an hour to deliver and i got chicken fingers and fries .
0	the food sucks .
1	i literally had my soup and salad delivered within _num_ seconds of each other .
0	sorry buds !
1	both pieces were delivered damaged .
0	overall , let me say that the restaurant is becoming dated .
1	they said they were delivered so they could not give me my money back .
0	sorry , but our pizza was cold .
1	medications not delivered on schedule .
0	does n't even deserve one star !
1	what was delivered was an unappetizing mess .
0	butter served with the bread was so hard it bent the knife .
1	the last time i finally got pizza delivered it took over _num_ hours .
0	none of the three ever tried to assist .
1	_num_ wonton soup was forgotten , but they did deliver a replacement asap .
0	i 'm really torn by this review .
1	no answer and they never delivered the pizza !
0	this is a very small irish pub .
1	it was supposed to be delivered on tuesday .
0	i was rushed out and my polish was n't even hard yet .
1	most of my order was not delivered .
0	she just sat there and read a magazine .
1	plus they try to charge for food they failed to deliver .
0	way too over priced .
1	they could just never deliver my paper consistently .
0	it was pasta , after all , one small serving of each .
1	the first time we ordered and had it delivered , everything was awesome .
0	very disappointed .
1	even after constant complaints , this company has continued to deliver sub-par service .
0	ugh , my coworker spread open the spinach leaf .
1	we purchased a high end mattress that was delivered on may _num_ , _num_ .
0	hands down , this was the worst we 've ever had .
1	longer for drinks to be delivered .
0	_num_ .
1	_num_ minutes later our over cooked food gets delivered by bus boy .
0	it was very , very bad .
1	they informed me that the sofa would be delivered promptly at _num_ .
0	looks and taste both scored a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	pizza is always delivered under cooked .
0	so painful !
1	cactus flower should be embarrassed for the product they are delivering .
0	however , the customer service lacks excellence and the wifi is completely unreliable .
1	arrangement delivered looked very different from picture online .
0	i see why this place is hurting for business .
1	i waited _num_ hour and _num_ minutes for my pizza to be delivered .
0	very bad service .
1	overly expensive attorney who will not deliver any results !
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	i ca n't believe they delivered it to us .
0	my wife 's dinner was bland .
1	there were never delivered .
0	for all the hype this was very disappointing .
1	almost _num_ minutes after calling , our food was delivered and it was cold .
0	it is wrong .
1	i like domino 's pizza when i just want to have cheap pizza delivered .
0	from the food to the prices , you could n't find better .
1	do n't promise the public hours and do n't deliver .
0	avoid harris grill .
1	but i was also delivered some super soggy crab rangoon .
0	get me out of here !
1	i took my business elsewhere who were more than glad to deliver my order .
0	nobody tried to even convince us to stay .
1	not one of these four chairs were delivered to our home today .
0	very disappointed with this place .
1	not that hard to deliver mail .
0	maybe i 'm spoiled with good vietnamese food but this was terrible .
1	they took over _num_ minutes to deliver our order .
0	they know they sell out before _num_ and they only open at _num_ !
1	when he delivered the check i told him it was not good .
0	they 're big , but again nothing special .
1	every load they delivered was crushed or in pieces .
0	_num_ .
1	parmesan crusted chicken salad should have never been delivered to customer .
0	i 'm truly not out to get anyone with writing a negative review .
1	at least once a month our sunday paper is not delivered to us .
0	i over cooked greasy fries like everyone else .
1	you then never refund my money and i never get my package delivered .
0	somewhat disappointed would best be the title for my review .
1	when my dinner was delivered , no gravy .
0	however that is not what pittsburgh is about .
1	it should have been delivered in _num_ to _num_ weeks .
0	it 's a tiny long bar just like the old irish pubs .
1	model cleaners failed to deliver _num_ shirts and _num_ suits in june .
0	as far as the menu , i was n't impressed .
1	driver went back to the restaurant and the manager delivered the food .
0	food was _num_ out of _num_ for this type of bar / restaurant .
1	as soon as i hung up the phone , the food was delivered .
0	then the ultimate insult : _num_ kids came in selling candy bars .
1	this was unacceptable since our paperwork said it would be delivered the 21st .
0	i left them as i was not in a rush .
1	by the time it was delivered , it was extremely tough .
0	if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
1	very unprofessional and get this this supposedly delivered to the home .
0	unfortunately , the hair did not stop there .
1	you may want to consider having the pizza delivered .
0	did n't finish this dish .
1	i checked with them if they deliver and they said yes .
0	the service was mostly friendly but i was disappointed in my meal .
1	the more i spend the more you charge to deliver ?
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	earlier this week i decided to order a rather large order to be delivered .
0	when make turns , there is noise from front wheel .
1	i was delivered a blank look , with no offer of further assistance .
0	but i 'm a tourist here , and wanted to try it .
1	paid for sunday delivery in advance and they do n't deliver !
0	if you are in the aaa , you 'll know i 'm calling .
1	my pad thai was delivered without the peanuts .
0	the food was ok , but nothing special .
1	alot more than was delivered here .
0	if i could give this place less than one star i would .
1	when the doctor finally arrived , he quickly delivered the baby and left .
0	first , let me say i wish you could leave _num_ stars .
1	delivery driver delivered pizza and we tipped in cash .
0	not very complicated .
1	i called at _num_ and they said it would be delivered in _num_ minutes .
0	)
1	they wo n't deliver if you 're more than _num_ minutes away .
0	very slow .
1	there was much confusion among several waiters before my food was finally delivered .
0	the food was awful .
1	should n't promise things they ca n't deliver on .
0	no appointments available for tomorrow .
1	the furniture was not even delivered until 2pm that afternoon .
0	do not take your clothes there because they will damage or lose them .
1	they do n't deliver to our area so we picked up .
0	this hotel is really dated , and the rooms smell funny .
1	so , i am assuming they were delivered by a neighbor .
0	she failed to follow-up when she promised .
1	took an hour to deliver _num_ miles and the food was barely edible .
0	did n't know you could mess up chicken lo mein .
1	it should n't take more than an hour to make and deliver a pizza .
0	we also waited over _num_ minutes before someone even took our order .
1	the chicken wings were delivered nice and hot , crispy but lacking in flavor .
0	if i wanted a microwave omelet i would have gone to burger king .
1	apparently the lady who took my order wrote it down to be delivered tomorrow .
0	_num_ minutes later , our food and the bill arrived .
1	once delivered , remember late , i could not believe what i had seen .
0	finally they figure it out and give us the roasted chile .
1	i ordered it they delivered it ... omg ... what the hell ?
0	i ate at this restaurant last night with three dining companions .
1	she claimed they did n't deliver to his address which was _num_ mile away .
0	sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook .
1	after the wait i was expecting greatness but this restaurant did not deliver .
0	actually , there are not `` two sizes '' of `` one scoop '' .
1	the wait staff were completely absent outside of delivering the food .
0	i suppose , then , i should n't have been surprised by the food .
1	i dunno if i was expecting too much but this certainly did not deliver .
0	strawberry pies being the exception to the rule .
1	should n't have even delivered that desert .
0	most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
1	osaka did n't deliver on this experience at all .
0	sorry chef jeff .
1	all five of us were completely let down by what was delivered .
0	i 'd give it zero stars if i could .
1	_num_ ) soup was delivered cold .
0	i am not holding my breath here .
1	there 's not many mexican places that deliver and they would corner the market .
0	he was there for approximately _num_ minutes .
1	i would not have minded , if the food delivered was actually warm .
0	went to getaway last night for famous fajitas .
1	our _num_ other kids were delivered in california .
0	was n't impressed .
1	they delivered pizza with the wrong toppings .
0	the odd food selections are maybe a cross between southern style and fake chinese .
1	i decided to try this place because they deliver and oregano 's does not .
0	nothing has changed .
1	they called to deliver some test results and i missed their call .
0	they do n't respect your privacy at all .
1	wrong pizza was delivered .
0	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
1	it was supposed to be delivered in a week .
0	not planning to come back and recommend everyone to stay away from this place .
1	they just delivered the worst meal when we are freaking starving !
0	pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
1	they forgot to get me my dinner , its okay i only just delivered .
0	she talked to the computer screen instead of to my face .
1	was told my table would be delivered in one week max , probably sooner .
