0	they apologized which i appreciate , but it does n't fix anything .
1	talked to someone in the loyalty department who said they fixed the problem .
0	no such luck , since it was prime dining time on saturday night .
1	after _num_ minutes with loyalty department i am no longer a tv customer again .
0	very disappointed with this place .
1	service department kept me up to date on status overall experience was great .
0	do n't be fooled !
1	but do n't expect much in the service department .
0	really sad about this one .
1	and i 'm not sure why they have a b from the health department .
0	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
1	there billing department is very unprofessional and unorganized .
0	the person that seated us was curt and unfriendly .
1	slowest deli department in town .
0	stay away and never look back .
1	worst service department we 've ever experienced .
0	_num_ outside , _num_ inside .
1	great help from tracy and heather tonight from jewelry department .
0	i was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone .
1	very responsive and honest service department .
0	ca n't win 'em all , right ?
1	service department is always helpful and friendly .
0	the onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can .
1	the have a nice produce department and the meat counter is always helpful .
0	why did n't i have to show some email to get the free treatment ?
1	side note : the service was phenomenal , no problems in that department .
0	i sadly had to throw most of it away .
1	this rating is strictly for the service department .
0	i left my intended purchases and walked out without buying .
1	they have a nice deli , meat department , and a pharmacy .
0	it came with mashed potatoes which were definitely from a package .
1	the communication and follow up from the service department is horrible .
0	because i 'm not prepared to pay $ _num_ for a single visit ?
1	the shoe department is hit or miss .
0	bingo , could n't have said it better .
1	however , since purchasing the vehicle , the service department has only disappointed me .
0	_num_ min from when seated . )
1	we have also emailed the store and ups claims department with no success .
0	horrible !
1	the garden department is rather large as is my list .
0	the crust was not like usual and to much sauce .
1	first off in the pharmacy department there is zero customer service !
0	also the restaurant is not really clean either .
1	running shoe department had decent options but barely any help to speak off .
0	are these the same people running this restaurant ?
1	their meat department is completely inept and shady .
0	the service can also be rather slow .
1	what brings me back is the service department .
0	the food on the other hand - absolutely horrible .
1	difficult to find help in any department .
0	so tired of this place .
1	craig in the hot food department is amazing !
0	more disappointing than the service was the food , which was really underwhelming .
1	they also have a great christmas section with department _num_ and other collectibles .
0	also , alcohol in the air here too .
1	best service department on the planet !
0	it was a disgrace .
1	the photo department is the worse !
0	giant eagle is one of pittsburgh 's more expensive grocery chains .
1	my experience is only with the service department , but it 's been great .
0	so dissapointed and will never use them again .
1	i love the service department at hyundai tempe .
0	our first visit deserved a _num_ but this visit was a _num_ .
1	hands down best service department and parts department in the valley !
0	good food , but poor service at this particular location .
1	her customer service far exceeds those experienced in other department stores .
0	he was not asian .
1	i had a horrible service in the customer service department .
0	we were disappointed with our entrees .
1	love the floral department !
0	the service was terrible .
1	very well staffed , they are all well versed in their department .
0	it was just average , nothing special .
1	they probably would n't pass a health department inspection .
0	i guess i expected fabulous -- but everything was just good , nothing spectacular .
1	their service department is so horrible i do n't even know where to start .
0	risotto , while one of my favorites , is n't pasta .
1	we feel really welcome and we get great service in the service department .
0	the drop off process for returning your cable box is ridiculous .
1	however , dealing with there sketchy service department afterwards is terrible .
0	the only bright spot was the waitress .
1	there is never anyone in the meat department .
0	Neutral
1	much left to be desired in the customer service department .
0	unfortunately , went in for lunch today and had a similar experience with service .
1	worst deli department i 've ever been to .
0	sometime you just get one that is n't .
1	major frustration dealing with the kitchen department !
0	they refuse to put anything on paper .
1	very kind and billing department was considerate .
0	this would easy go for $ _num_ at other places during lunch .
1	now i have the brands that i love all in one department store !
0	the meatballs were greasy and very bland .
1	the selection is amazing in virtually every department .
0	it 's really frustrating .
1	this store has the worst customer service department in my experience .
0	this was a moderately steady thursday night .
1	nothing was done , and i had to call the health department myself !
0	however , lots of seats since the place was empty .
1	she said she would call the department and have someone there look for them .
0	he also suggested me to go to er if not getting better .
1	service department has let me down two out of two times .
0	ugh .
1	quite pissed off how long it took to get someone to the electronics department .
0	as i said above : it 's worse than the bureau of motor vehicles .
1	however , the employees in the meat department are very rude .
0	breakfast is cheap , and definitely very poor quality .
1	they have the worst customer service department .
0	they were also extremely greasy and had zero flavor of any kind of sauce .
1	called to discuss bill never received a return call from billing department .
0	the meat was so tough , i gave up after a few pieces .
1	the service department is prompt , extremely knowledgeable and honest !
0	i wo n't go back to this location .
1	small animal department : let 's just not even go there ... .
0	my alfredo was tasteless .
1	everyone is so helpful , specially lynn in the window treatment department .
0	i 'm not from here , so maybe i do n't share the love .
1	i received excellent service in the intimate department .
0	if no stars could be given that would be more accurate .
1	the billing department is a mess .
0	it was hardly halfway full .
1	would highly recommend the guys in apache 's service department .
0	owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal .
1	that department has really gone down hill over the past year !
0	i wo n't be going back , just because my personal taste .
1	the service department is terrible .
0	if you do n't have the time just go next door to the subway .
1	the highlight of the service department is randy .
0	the steamed mussels arrived in a grey broth that looked like sewage water .
1	with the sales department and with the service department .
0	so gross !
1	clothes were thrown all over the floors in every department i walked in .
0	the worst salon experience of my life .
1	it 's like a bad it department .
0	i made a reservation for _num_ on a saturday night .
1	your class & style redeemed this service department once again today .
0	i could n't even finish it .
1	madison public health department had burger king hire a pest control company .
0	quite possibly the most miserable hotel experience of my life .
1	very impressed with the selection in every department .
0	come now , i barely drink alcohol .
1	i cant believe the health department gave this place an a+ .
0	would never consider going back .
1	acura of tempe service department are rip off artists !
0	this guy seems nice but he 's actually not .
1	i am writing to report poor customer service from within the vehicle service department .
0	for dinner i ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes .
1	every department of this dealership is great .
0	if it is busy expect to be treated poorly .
1	randy , in the service department , has been wonderful to work with !
0	we left overall feeling disappointed in the service and the quality of the food .
1	great customer service and they got ok service department .
0	was also told i get free $ _num_ gift certificate at restaurant.com .
1	i highly recommend this dealership and their service department .
0	in fact , all of the food is becoming gross .
1	i only needed some liquid foundation in the beauty department .
0	the drive-thru is only slightly faster at 10-15 mins .
1	the pharmacy department here is useless .
0	way overpriced for just ok food .
1	so thank you andrea from jewelry department .
0	Negative
1	i highly suggest this location to be looked at by the health department .
0	this restaurant is so gross and it 's dirty .
1	the people who work in the service department are incredibly rude .
0	it was clear servicing customers was an inconvenience to him .
1	this review honestly does n't include the va 's er department .
0	it took _num_ 1/2 months for my office furniture to arrive .
1	the cream cheese sauce was kinda weak in the flavor department .
0	it 's so cold - like sit with your coat on cold .
1	their service department has let me down time and time again .
0	but also way over prices .
1	ricky in the service department is awesome .
0	i really do n't know how this place got any good reviews .
1	the paint department at this home depot is totally inept any customer service whatsoever .
0	worst experience at a restaurant ever .
1	the service department does not deserve even one star !
0	it 's not me .
1	do not use the service department .
0	wrong it was smaller portions at a higher price .
1	however , the billing department is full of absolute morons .
0	i have driven _num_ miles in the car since beginning of september .
1	unfortunately , i can not say the same about their parts department .
0	the wait staff is slow and management has no clue .
1	the gentleman that works on the children 's department is amazing .
0	man were they wrong !
1	the cosmetics department has all the brands and great salespeople .
0	our waitress was very polite , though .
1	great scenery , but my meal was underwhelming in the flavor department .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	the staff for the most part , in each department were helpful and knowledgeable .
0	this is on a weekend ( saturday night - sunday morning ) .
1	my lawyer could not get a response from the billing department .
0	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
1	years and years of spilled food / blood from the meat department and etc .
0	and while you 're eating too ... it 's so disgusting .
1	i had a good experience with the service department !
0	so , i had been wanting to try this place for some time .
1	the service department sucks .
0	service was okay not the greatest but not the worst either .
1	the service department here is terrible here .
0	if i could give this place less than one star , i would .
1	avoid this dealership and especially this service department .
0	she and i were both a little nervous about getting poor service .
1	the finance department only took _num_ minutes , what a pleasant surprise .
0	waitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order desserts .
1	it was also lacking in the taste department .
0	the only good thing this restaurant has going for it , is their bar !
1	had the worst guy at the men 's shoe department `` help '' me .
0	cutting too many corners .
1	the _num_ young guys that work in the deli department are extremely rude .
0	$ _num_ ?
1	this restaurant needs serious training in the customer service department .
0	the new pitas tasted like a doughy pancake .
1	but the health department needs to check this place out .
0	overall it was just ok food served by an incompetent waiter .
1	i can not be more upset with the pharmacy department .
0	do n't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes .
1	this store has gone south in its cleanliness in the produce department .
0	but this was pretty bad .
1	i am very unhappy with their billing department .
0	ugh .
1	the 2nd part is my _num_ star rating in the department of false advertising .
0	for a coffee shop , the food and drinks here are mediocre at best .
1	service department is very rude and lack communication skills .
0	you do n't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that .
1	madison has plenty of excellent choices in that department .
0	seating inside is very limited .
1	refund or not , i 'm calling the health department and maybe the news .
0	unfortunately , it appears to be very poorly managed .
1	the guy from the service department was so condescending .
0	they have no clue what the word `` toasted '' means .
1	it feels like the men 's department is just set up as a courtesy .
0	she had zero personality .
1	the floral department is well stocked and well kept .
0	i have never visited a store with such a bad staff .
1	the shoe department here , as previous reviewers have mentioned , is pretty awesome .
0	ridiculous .
1	pretty horrible customer service in the parts department .
0	however , i hate it because i believe the alcohol and food is overpriced .
1	told him we 're gon na report u guys to the health department .
0	this giant eagle maybe the worst supermarket i 've ever been to .
1	service department refreshingly professional .
0	strange odor - musty old smell .
1	luckily the local health department has a clinic that only charges $ _num_ .
0	an average price , i 'm ok with that .
1	this salon needs to be shut down by the sanitation department !
0	they have an assortment of beer and wine .
1	i will never again buy vw because of their service department .
0	update : _num_ hours later and still feel sick from this meal .
1	service department is horrible !
0	so i ordered _num_ for myself and my gf .
1	my advice is to avoid the service department and save yourself the headache .
0	both were very dry and lacked flavor .
1	the manager was n't doing much better in the service department .
0	for three days no one called or picked up the clothes .
1	my experience with the service department at this dealership worse than terrible !
0	get the diagnosis and get several estimates to compare .
1	victor in the paint department never called back like he said .
0	this location though has horribly slow service .
1	great grocery store over all with the exception of the deli department .
0	i do n't like chains a lot , but some i tolerate .
1	but i strongly believe that the staff in their housekeeping department are not honest .
0	i said no thanks .
1	pharmacy department could improve on getting things filled correctly .
0	horrible !
1	ugh this service department makes me so mad .
0	did n't say a word to us .
1	less than pleased with the henderson chevrolet service department .
0	my salad came out shortly after the appetizer sliders .
1	the service department is awesome !
0	my food was cold and bland , my kids food was cold .
1	i explained that i couldnt leave because my car was in the service department .
0	she sent it back .
1	_num_ employees hanging around the camera department as i started to look at options .
0	no wonder the service was horrible !
1	the shoe department is a mess it 's not worth your time at all !
0	how can i help you today ? ''
1	great experience with the parts department overall .
0	so i do n't need to tell you how nasty that was .
1	she transferred me to the henderson department .
0	there 're not much options on the menu .
1	great service department ... i could n't have asked for me .
0	well , it was overpriced and the food was terrible .
1	a special thanks for the floral department !
0	she simply said that sometimes they are n't told when someone is seated outside .
1	review is for the service department .
0	i had visited this restaurant in the past and remember it being much better ?
1	every department seems to be : how should i put it `` lazy '' .
0	anything dealing with food is a train wreck .
1	well would you know they realized they bad no one here from that department .
0	hands down , this was the worst we 've ever had .
1	shane from the produce department was so kind and helpful .
0	total waste .
1	the service department is also a great team .
0	but they are n't reliable .
1	very nice folks in the rental department .
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	definitely a cut above what you find in department stores selling suits .
0	otherwise , food and prices are not worth a stop .
1	has to be the worst service department i have ever been to .
0	cool sports bar , pool tables and ample flat screens .
1	i can not imagine how the health department has not closed it down .
0	i will not go back until they clean up the place .
1	horrible horrible place in the service department .
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	horrible shoe department .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	the financing department was extremely patient with all of my questions and very helpful .
0	wild dogs could n't drag me back .
1	the service department is great .
0	after she was treated properly , she healed quickly .
1	they however lack in every other department .
0	last week i went in with a busted window screen frame .
1	david from the service department is amazing !
0	seriously , fuck this place .
1	purchased a car there in _num_ and the sales department was pretty good .
0	the drive thru is flat out dangerous .
1	i have received the worst customer service in this nordstrom 's cosmetic department .
0	pretty rough , but not completely unbearable .
1	this place needs to be shut down by the health department .
0	there is no lobby .
1	and michael in the finance department was personable and efficient .
0	everything is bland .
1	the only problem has been the service department .
0	worst climbing gym i have ever been to .
1	absolutely worst service department we have ever dealt with .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	worst photo department i have ever seen .
0	still , i think there are newer hotels that provide the same .
1	your bakery department sucks big time .
0	but oh , how the standards have fallen !
1	their alcohol department is enormous !
0	we did n't , as this was our first visit .
1	service department lacks customer service .
0	the attempt at adding flavor came with the chipotle mayo and sour cream .
1	this is unacceptable behavior for management of a department store .
0	it 's just bad .
1	i called the services department for an estimate service time for an oil change .
0	the next morning we tried to leave and it was nearly impossible .
1	they run specials that are good especially in the meat department .
0	fairly mediocre , even by the relatively modest standards of home depot .
1	never use the alterations department at david 's bridal at paradise valley !
0	lamb tasted like the grill and not at all like lamb .
1	this company must have idiots in their marketing department .
0	furthermore , i have ordered the shrimp with garlic sauce .
1	department is a hot mess !
0	got a bang trim , a low # _num_ cut , and a wash .
1	they have the best service department in the area !
0	( this becomes important later . )
1	it really has the look and feel of a fine department store .
0	fuck that i do n't need to be disrespected like that .
1	we also have had bad experiences with the sales department since .
0	saturdays there is a cover for the dj which was $ _num_ .
1	not a great grooming department & customer service stinks .
0	Neutral
1	the sales department is great .
0	you 're probably asking why order that when at a fish market .
1	the chat person did not know and referred me to calling their sales department .
0	ca n't comment on any other time but this really hectic one .
1	as soon as i pulled in service department they were not polite no advice .
0	i waited _num_ hour and _num_ minutes for my pizza to be delivered .
1	no response to floral department .
0	we have stayed in westin hotels all over the country .
1	either way i would strongly recommend avoiding this place , especially their service department .
0	they know they 're going to get customers in regardless .
1	horrible and dishonest service department .
0	i would never recommend this boutique to a bride unless you want added stress .
1	talk to chris in service department for answers to your questions .
0	was somewhat disappointed with my order from bagel factory today .
1	unfortunately , the service department has taken a turn for the worst .
0	hot & sour soup was highly americanized , not very hot or very sour .
1	their service department ripped me off .
0	i dropped off _num_ shirts at this establishment just before thanksgiving .
1	worst experience of any service department that i 've encountered .
0	i 've had better meals at the complimentary continental buffet at the holiday inn .
1	horrible horrible horrible customer service and their credit department !
0	pirates , steelers , penguins etc ?
1	butcher department is good too .
0	that 's about where the positives stop .
1	there is no method to department arrangements .
0	went here and of course had the worst experience getting my bridesmaid dress .
1	very poor customer service in the contact lens department .
0	but for those considering a long distance purchase , just beware a bit .
1	both steaks seemed to be severely lacking in the salt department .
0	the garbage and mail are very inconvenient .
1	this whole department is insane .
0	do n't worry but i wo n't come close to this restaurant again .
1	the fact is the service department is beyond the rip off limit .
0	i told my friend to forget about it .
1	terrible billing department .
0	go here to die !
1	probably the worst paint department you can imagine .
0	no frills .
1	love , love & love michelle in the bakery department !
0	no way .
1	the selection at the women 's shoe department is fantastic .
0	not crispy at all assuming thats why it was so fast .
1	the guys at this service department are as top notch as it gets .
0	i should not be responsible for the bill .
1	the shoe department is one of my favorites !
