0	this one , however , leaves a lot to be desired .
1	walked through the store to the service desk .
0	only _num_ stars for location .
1	front desk employee did n't care much about my complaints .
0	they really are the only thing this place has going for it .
1	also in the morning there is no one managing the front desk .
0	it gets packed .
1	rude front desk staff .
0	bread is awful .
1	no one at the front desk bothered to let us know this .
0	they were not met here .
1	the front desk is defensive and rude from the start .
0	certainly , this was not worth the $ _num_ price .
1	the front desk people did not seem to have it together at all .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get someone to take the bill .
1	but wait ... did you call the desk after talking to the dr ?
0	it varies bus by bus , time of day , and more .
1	such bad customer service at the framing desk .
0	the guy was obviously knowledgable about mattresses but he was rude and condescending .
1	the dog volunteers and front desk were so friendly .
0	and i am certainly not a fan of the olive garden .
1	he talked to his manager while i sat at his desk waiting for him .
0	needless to say ... i will never go there again !
1	the front desk 's customer service left a little to be desired as well .
0	_num_ .
1	never enough cashiers or employees at customer service desk .
0	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
1	girls at front desk are rude and short .
0	the beds are very comfortable so you can get a good night 's sleep .
1	every time i call the front desk is nothing but rude and unprofessional .
0	only passable pasta was the pear & ricotta ravioli .
1	the reception desk is a complete mess of confusion and chaos !
0	i keep forgetting how not good this location is .
1	the front desk was helpful .
0	btw , no one ever showed up to fix the air .
1	there was a small fridge , flat screen but no desk .
0	very rude and once they get paid have no ethics .
1	the front desk had people coming in complaining every time we were up there .
0	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
1	no desk , no real work surface but an oversized tv tray .
0	so , i will never be back .
1	from early on i was not impressed with the front desk clerks .
0	it was juicy and smothered in bleu cheese .
1	the front desk was rude .
0	her potatoes were ice cold and sandwich luke warm .
1	the toilet stopped up and i called the front desk .
0	the omelet was uninspired .
1	the front desk says it is probably someone smoking outside .
0	no offer of water , or a drink .
1	front desk tells me they could not find me in the system .
0	i threw my mean in the garbage .
1	front desk on check in was nothing special .
0	_num_ .
1	bottom line he was rude he left the desk and someone else took over .
0	good idea , but poorly executed food .
1	the front desk girl tried to put the red tag on my dog .
0	my hope is that they fix their problems .
1	front desk booked me with wrong nail tech .
0	the pizza was cut all messed up as well .
1	front desk staff and a couple nurses are rude and short with you .
0	_num_ .
1	the front desk clerk had no desire to handled any of my concerns .
0	it was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots .
1	the front desk staff is unfriendly and does n't pay attention to the desk .
0	i do not get the hype behind this place .
1	the staff at the desk was friendly and check in was very fast .
0	the whole burger just tasted like nothing .
1	i immediately went to the front desk and she gave me another room .
0	extremely rude lady works there on sundays .
1	no one was at the desk .
0	i have never been treated so terrible in my whole life .
1	front desk staff is extremely rude .
0	estimated delivery time from an online order : _num_ min .
1	the front desk clerk would not get off the phone .
0	korean barbecue requires either the patron or the server to cook at the table .
1	i sat with my luggage in the lobby right near front desk .
0	we did n't , as this was our first visit .
1	what i found unacceptable and disrespectful was the attitude of the front desk staff .
0	i do n't need anything fancy but this was pathetic .
1	went to the front desk and showed him my bite marks .
0	shady and terribly run nail salon .
1	the front desk staff is the worst i 've ever encountered .
0	there was absolutely no excuse for his attitude .
1	front desk staff is clueless .
0	do n't walk away .
1	the front desk clerk apologized and said housekeeping should have returned .
0	the sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing .
1	despite several complaints at the front y desk it was n't fixed .
0	this used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat .
1	also the guy at the front desk is somewhat rude .
0	but it was not the dress she ordered .
1	but unfortunately run by incompetent front desk staff .
0	delivery was fast but the food was terrible !
1	surly staff that was never at the desk .
0	it was gross .
1	there 's a sitting area and desk .
0	`` ok , sir .
1	i spoke with brian at the desk who was very polite and professional .
0	big disappointment .
1	the _num_ people that sit up at front of desk are generally rude .
0	that does n't say too much for the rest of them .
1	the check out desk was also unprofessional .
0	needless to say we wo n't be back !
1	i called the front desk , and was told someone would call me back .
0	the second haircut was great , but styled horribly .
1	the front desk gave us the wrong room key .
0	there was absolutely no salt of them when they came out .
1	i was at the cashier desk to pay my bill .
0	to each his own , i guess .
1	but my room smelled like stale smoke and the desk was really small .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in ages .
1	after sitting for _num_ minutes after my appointment time i approached the front desk .
0	then customer service wouldnt help me .
1	the lady at the desk is like _num_ years old .
0	order something other than a burger and you do n't get much better .
1	our greeting at the front desk was awful .
0	man were they wrong !
1	our most recent purchase was for a desk that would fit with our decor .
0	soup has no flavour and it seems to have excessive msg .
1	the front desk gave me keys to an occupied room .
0	not going for it .
1	the check-in desk was super slow during my stay there .
0	why anyone would willing go here to eat is beyond me .
1	when i went to complain the woman at the front desk did not care .
0	its owner , gary , enjoys parking in handicapped parking spaces .
1	the desk was very apologetic .
0	i want to like this place , but just ca n't .
1	jeff at the front desk was helpful and courteous .
0	was really excited to try this out .
1	saturday night we called the front desk to get a late checkout .
0	we never got a call about the reservation time which was annoying .
1	so i walked to the front desk with wet hair and inquired .
0	mushy spaghetti drenched in the worst sauce i ever had .
1	the front desk staff is incompetent .
0	worst customer service .
1	front desk girl does n't acknowledge you when she checks you in .
0	gross .
1	the front desk service was not very good .
0	order : big mac , large fries , diet coke .
1	the girl stepped aside and we walked up to the hostess desk .
0	thank you for your horrible customer service i will never be back.
1	the ladies at the reception desk are horrible !
0	the same style etc , just a different ring that fit .
1	the hotel staff at the front desk is not attentive .
0	i stayed here for a week .
1	their front desk people are very rude .
0	not cool .
1	and the lady at the desk was rude !
0	they gave me a nice receipt .
1	i 'm very disappointed with the front desk staff at this office .
0	the entrees are horrible .
1	even the girl behind the desk was shock with your answer toward me .
0	tonight was the worst experience we have had for a very long time .
1	it is under new management according to the menu at the front desk .
0	well , my update has half of my original rating .
1	there was another person sitting at the desk in front of her .
0	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
1	there are many times that there are _num_ people at the front desk .
0	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
1	the front desk staff are very disorganized .
0	the pasta at applebee 's are definitely not worth the $ _num_ they charge .
1	do n't desk staff has no idea what they are doing .
0	the coleslaw was a couple pieces of lettuce with some carrots .
1	the front desk staff were very courteous and the coffee and breakfast was acceptable .
0	my heels still looked as bad as they did when i walked in .
1	do not trust what the front desk personnel tell you .
0	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
1	i 've had better reception from the front desk staying at a holiday inn .
0	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
1	the girls at the front desk are rude .
0	my husband 's pasta had even less flavor than mine .
1	d. reception desk : lack of a sense of urgency plus no follow-up .
0	i wo n't be getting one again .
1	really need to teach the front desk ladies about customer service .
0	food was fine , wo n't go back for fear of the server .
1	the lady at the front desk is unprofessional and made me feel uncomfortable .
0	negatives : the lighting , the decor and the smoking .
1	had to go run down to the front desk for towels all the time .
0	_num_ - a lot of the drinks did n't have prices on them .
1	the front desk is rude .
0	no thanks .
1	his wife also runs the front desk and she is rude and offensive .
0	mani = _num_ star .
1	i asked the front desk and they got me in _num_ minutes later .
0	no way would i ever stay at this motel again .
1	on my first the front desk persons were slow , unfriendly and grumpy .
0	i read online that it opened at 11am , wrong .
1	the button to call the front desk on the phone does not work .
0	extremely disappointing .
1	no one at front desk to sit us .
0	i really do n't get giant eagle .
1	front desk service not helpful , none will tell the hours for breakfast .
0	when it was brought back , there was a small hair in it .
1	when i checked in , the front desk staff was missing .
0	it is dirty and the employees are lazy and exceptionally slow .
1	on two occasions the front desk has done everything to avoid making an appt .
0	it tasted like charcoal .
1	rude front desk clerk , jack .
0	really wish i would have looked at yelp before booking here .
1	to top it all the front desk clerk makes the comment `` whatever . ''
0	first , our waitress was not well informed of the offerings that evening .
1	immediately apparently means _num_ minutes later after you call again to the front desk .
0	i was not even acknowledged .
1	david at the front desk was zero help at all .
0	my boyfriend had their philly cheesesteak and he could n't finish it .
1	lazy front desk .
0	possible the worst restaurant i was ever in .
1	worst front desk staff ever .
0	food takes forever and it does n't come out right .
1	we ate here on the suggestion of the desk clerk where we were staying .
0	what a disappointment .
1	there were two girls at the front desk , neither could have been bothered .
0	it was fried tofu in soy sauce with red pickled chinese chilli .
1	i called front desk and they sent housekeeping to my room .
0	rude cashiers .
1	the front desk called me up and asked me to leave !
0	the baked potato was awful and the service was mediocre .
1	glad they have an information desk .
0	the bedroom however seemed to dull car noise a little better .
1	after seeing this i rushed down to the front desk to question the charge .
0	extremely disappointing and appalling .
1	horrible , horrible rude staff at front desk .
0	do not take your clothes there because they will damage or lose them .
1	i immediately went back to the front desk and asked that this be corrected .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	i 've never had any problems with the fuel desk staff .
0	the lamb burger was also overcooked .
1	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
0	not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff .
1	the front desk would change my room but at an extra cost .
0	cigarettes are not a replacement for tea bags !
1	the associates at the front desk are unprofessional and sloppy .
0	when that was fixed , the lines did n't roll over properly .
1	people at front desk are not friendly , borderline rude .
0	they then corrected it and charged me a flat fee of $ _num_ .
1	when i checked out , the front desk staff was missing .
0	what a mistake .
1	front desk staff seriously needs to be fired .
0	both were very dry and lacked flavor .
1	the front desk staff is as rude as can be !
0	i will not visit this restaurant again .
1	took _num_ minute to call me to the desk to take my co pay .
0	the waitstaff are very unprofessional all standing around and talking loud near your table .
1	chit chatting about personal business is not something u do at the front desk .
0	_num_ $ later , i tossed it and walked out , miserable .
1	i called the front desk again , only this time a girl answered .
0	i then took inventory of my suits and found that _num_ suits are missing !
1	the front desk attendants seemed to be relatively bored with helping me .
0	money trouble ?
1	when i went to talk to front desk was told no refund no refund .
0	i 've tried and tried to give this place a chance .
1	the ladies at the desk can not give any clue for a time wait .
0	rude staff doesnt know what they are doing .
1	guy on the front desk has the attitude problem .
0	when we checked out i spoke to manager & showed her my bites .
1	jasmine the front desk is not in anyway interested to help us .
0	you may want to consider having the pizza delivered .
1	the problem was the ladies at the front desk .
0	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
1	they were understaffed and check in desk was slow .
0	unless she is really trying to take over the olive garden market .
1	the _num_ people at the front desk ignored us when we first came in .
0	not sure if i 'll try again .
1	and , the front desk do not appear to be happy .
0	she did not apologize and says that it will take another _num_ minutes .
1	the front desk is incredibly rude .
0	and , all were nothing to write home about .
1	the front desk girls were not friendly or helpful as well .
0	the drop off process for returning your cable box is ridiculous .
1	the ladies at the desk were straight up rude .
0	tables were not very clean .
1	however , today , the guy behind the desk was rude and condescending .
0	the service was terrible .
1	the gentleman dennis at the front desk informed us this was not true .
0	disgusting phone etiquette and completely appalling .
1	the front desk girls are beyond rude .
0	basically the whole experience was pure torture , which is disappointing .
1	the girl at the front desk was rude and seemed miserable .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	there was even a running water fountain right there near the reception desk .
0	i called back at 10am instead .
1	the main reason is due to the poor customer service from the front desk .
0	i spend _num_ dollars on soggy food that lacked flavor .
1	the front desk attendant was dead inside , and the room was absolutely disgusting .
0	was told there would be no problem .
1	they call you to the desk within _num_ minutes and have you processed .
0	sooo wrong .
1	terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
0	note that risotto , the only entree with a price , is $ _num_ .
1	my last three visits the front desk has been rude .
0	never coming back again , it was such a waste of money !
1	the ladies at the front desk are completely rude and unprofessional .
0	our garlic bread came out literally black .
1	seven women sitting , standing , talking behind the desk , ignoring patients .
0	poor food poor excuses and apparently poor ownership .
1	the front desk has no customer service skills after you check-in .
0	maybe i 'm just salty about the wait .
1	since i was supposed to stay another night , i called the front desk .
0	where i am at , really there is no delivery but these guys did .
1	he put me in the first room , next to the front desk .
0	chef 's special was penne in a light alfredo sauce with crab and shrimp .
1	she was sitting at a desk in the middle of their building .
0	horrible business practice here .
1	front desk person advised no appointments sat .
0	they tried to fix the broken telephone but were n't really successful .
1	man was sitting at desk and never bothered to greet .
0	this fast food place almost always gets my order wrong .
1	the problem with this studio is the woman at the front desk .
0	crappy 's is more like it ... sorry i could not resist !
1	customer service is terrible and front desk is very unorganized .
0	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
1	the front desk is terrible .
0	king nasty !
1	asked front desk for housekeeping and they never came even after two requests .
0	service is mediocre and slow .
1	horrible front desk service !
0	he was very busy working on multiple people at the same time .
1	finally a young woman came out and approached the desk .
0	truly the worst mall in america .
1	the front desk is not helpful at all and is so rude .
0	not pleased with all the hidden costs behind my hair color service .
1	first off it is hard to find the hostess desk .
0	not sure we will be back .
1	the girl behind the desk told me it was $ _num_ per box .
0	i dread it at this point .
1	front desk help was somewhat rude and short with responses .
0	her ex must have ran , not walked away from her .
1	i was treated very poorly by the front desk employee .
0	but seriously , there are still restaurants that allow smoking ?
1	rude people run the front desk and security .
0	i will not go back again .
1	i thought that this was a ridiculous policy and went to the front desk .
0	but i do n't get it .
1	the worst customer service at front desk .
0	this place is n't very good .
1	front desk staff is friendly but otherwise this place is a complete bust .
0	my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
1	sadly , the professionalism of the front desk never got better .
0	sounded like i was flying a helicopter .
1	bad service , rude desk clerks , terrible management !
0	?
1	the lady at the front desk is absolutely rude rude rude rude .
0	i 'm never going back , and you should n't either .
1	but nobody was in the front desk like _num_ minutes .
0	for appetizer , we had the kimchi pancakes , which were not fully cooked .
1	desk was unable to resolve issue .
0	this place is terrible .
1	later , i saw him behind the front desk .
0	needless to say none of us wanted to order another round of drinks .
1	no front desk service for _num_ mins when i arrived .
0	the place is dirty too .
1	the front desk girl a few different times was n't friendly at all .
0	if i could give less than one star , i would .
1	there are six pieces of fruit put out on the front desk each morning .
0	the manager was rude .
1	the front desk lady and whoever answered the phone is quite dumb and rude .
0	the front waiting area was in mass confusion .
1	front desk ladies are ghetto and awful .
0	no ... not a sir and i wanted to order mozzarella wheels .
1	in regards to the facilities , the front desk people are hit and miss .
0	the menu was prix fixed at $ _num_ .
1	front desk was rude and not helpful whatsoever .
0	third sign i chose to ignore .
1	the whole place reeks of cigarette smoke including the front desk .
0	the baristas are not friendly .
1	the girl at the desk was nice but management seemed overwhelmed and rude .
0	the only reason i gave it a _num_ is because the steak was good .
1	standing here right now waiting for someone to help me move a desk .
0	their service is a hot mess !
1	the desk ) until i 've given the room the all clear .
0	walking on it with shoes on disgusted me .
1	the front desk girl does not even know what the hell she is doing .
0	i should know , i 've dealt with at least a dozen .
1	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
0	this was n't the cleanest place .
1	front desk people are unprofessional idiots .
0	never been here before .
1	i tried calling front desk and it was busy .
0	last i had the vegetarian curry dish , the only vegetarian main i found .
1	girls in the front desk were extremely rude .
0	wrong .
1	front desk and outside staff were friendly .
0	ridiculous .
1	the woman at the desk knew i was upset and was annoyed by that .
0	guess not .
1	the only person there was front desk person ... was here on vacation .
0	the place is old and outdated , and the restrooms were horrible .
1	stopped by & front desk had no idea what i was talking about .
0	she was as useless as a tsa agent .
1	account numbers and account holder names sitting all over christopher the teller 's desk .
0	the service is really spotty too .
1	front desk customer service is horrible and the wifi connection is even worse .
0	mine needed a bit more sauce to make not as dry .
1	i left there not because of docs but because of their front desk .
0	the pot roast by comparison had no flavor whatsoever .
1	they only had one desk clerk working plus answering the phone .
0	original post written september _num_ - i do n't recommend this company .
1	front desk was clearly a temporary place .
0	the worst part of this last visit was the service .
1	no security at all , just a young girl behind the front desk .
