0	i 'm not a huge fan of this location .
1	eh , went here on christmas for dinner .
0	we waited over _num_ hours for the food to be delivered .
1	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
0	i called aaa and the service and follow-up were both appalling !
1	finally , we went on a saturday for dinner and it was insanely crowded .
0	rude cashiers .
1	needless to say our dinner was ruined .
0	her meal was so hot she could n't eat it .
1	just had dinner at this location with my boyfriend .
0	rooms are poorly designed .
1	my girlfriend and i came to have some dinner around _num_ pm .
0	we did n't get anything , and that was a little disappointing .
1	we were a group of _num_ for dinner our poor waiter had no help .
0	!
1	for a destination dinner , i think not .
0	the drive-thru workers are rude and they give you crap food .
1	the dinner ( some kind of fish ) was salty .
0	!
1	wo n't be back for dinner .
0	this is the absolute worst steak n shake i 've ever been to .
1	for an average dinner , you 'll be spending $ _num_ to $ _num_ .
0	obviously , if you choose to patronize this establishment , pay cash .
1	waited _num_ min for a cold dinner .
0	- kind of dead on a monday night with 3/4 of the place empty .
1	thanksgiving dinner disappointment !
0	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
1	for our dinner , we were given a salad , entree , & tiramisu .
0	ok , no big deal .
1	for almost $ _num_ we had a very disappointing dinner .
0	they charge me for their mistake .
1	my family of _num_ went for dinner on a saturday night .
0	it is not worth it .
1	we had a reservation for _num_ for a casual business dinner .
0	service was just awful .
1	however , last night 's dinner was just plain bad .
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	the service at dinner time is bad , bad , bad .
0	waste of time .
1	so this past friday i held a birthday dinner for my mother here .
0	manager embarrassed himself .
1	but a $ _num_ dinner for _num_ i expect more .
0	i could n't eat anymore .
1	unpleasant experience when you spend $ _num_ on dinner .
0	my sides , german potato salad and braised red cabbage , were equally awful .
1	the apps were good but do n't eat dinner you 'll regret it .
0	twenty mins to close but was told that the kitchen was closed .
1	i walked to find dinner .
0	not the cleanest establishment .
1	for dinner , not that great .
0	their sauce is so thin and tasteless .
1	he kept running away as we were trying to give him our dinner order .
0	i would never recommend this boutique to a bride unless you want added stress .
1	wondering if it was made last dinner rush .
0	rude .
1	stopped in for dinner tonight and was greeted promptly and seated very quickly .
0	this was a friday , and he said he 'd call back on monday .
1	the dinner alone was _num_ dollars ( split amount _num_ people ) .
0	i do n't need to spend my money there .
1	our dinner was $ _num_ .
0	rude service , and pizza was subpar .
1	my girlfriends and i decided to go out for dinner and drinks tonight .
0	i ordered fried chicken , greens , yams , catfish , and banana pudding .
1	breakfast gets a _num_ , dinner gets a _num_ .
0	she was appalling and rude .
1	my dinner arrived hot and the halibut was bland and little overcooked .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the salad with the lobster roll , hold the bread .
1	i just do n't want to have to survive my dinner .
0	i ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce .
1	me and my wife went here for dinner tonight and the food was horrible !
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	first off my husband and i went to dinner here on a thursday night .
0	drink prices are n't anything special and cocktails are n't that strong .
1	the atmosphere is quiet and a little awkward at dinner time .
0	i do n't understand this either .
1	i ordered the tempura dinner and was very disappointed .
0	she however did not offer to comp the meal .
1	today , my mother and i went to native for dinner .
0	found out he left less than a month after this incident .
1	not a good dinner place .
0	i brought my boots here to get fixed .
1	went for dinner on a tuesday at _num_ pm ( july _num_ ) .
0	the only good thing is that the drinks are cheap .
1	my husband 's dinner , pollo fundido , was not any better .
0	terrible .
1	service was not good , they forgot about us after our dinner was served .
0	if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
1	i was really looking forward to having dinner here .
0	the portions were really small .
1	$ _num_ dollar for dinner for _num_ without alcohol .
0	do n't care .
1	_num_ of us came here for dinner and ordered burgers and drinks .
0	stay away unless you 're just buying tires !
1	i 'm out _num_ ( for _num_ tacos ) and no dinner to eat .
0	it wasnt horrible , it just wasnt great .
1	once our dinner came , everything went downhill .
0	this was a horrible experience .
1	had two very disappointing dinners here .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	straight to the garbage and off to buy dinner for the second time tonight .
0	i was just really turned off from that experience .
1	we were tired and somewhat sad and looking forward to a nice dinner .
0	i wo n't go back to this location .
1	went in at _num_ ; _num_ for an early dinner .
0	she had to check with kitchen several times to answer our questions .
1	the bread they bring to the table before dinner was n't very good .
0	got ta say , i 'm not a fan of this place .
1	maybe they do a better job for dinner , i do n't know .
0	and there was no alcohol in it .
1	have not had lunch or dinner here .
0	i would n't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend .
1	very empty at dinner time on a thursday .
0	it is not safe for kids !
1	haha i could n't stop looking at it during dinner .
0	the sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive .
1	almost booked a company dinner for _num_ here too !
0	the times i 've been here , its been an ok experience .
1	went with _num_ others for a weeknight dinner .
0	basically , this was the worst roll i could imagine .
1	we were willing to try again , so we went for dinner tonight .
0	by far the worst service we 've had in a while .
1	i invited my grandparents to meet me here for dinner back in march _num_ .
0	i do n't like this place at all .
1	i just went for dinner and ordered the honey mustard glazed salmon .
0	the menu is n't particularly veg friendly , but it 's not too bad .
1	we finally came here for dinner but we were disappointed .
0	i thought the turkey was slimy and tasted weird .
1	but probably not for dinner .
0	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
1	it was _num_ minutes before the `` birthday girl '' received her dinner .
0	this spot would n't have lasted a year in nyc .
1	not an enjoyable dinner _num_ 1/2 stars .
0	overall the food , service , and atmosphere deserve _num_ star .
1	peter piper pizza was a way better choice for dinner last night .
0	the market square location has the most horrible service i 've ever experienced .
1	so , i planned my boyfriend 's birthday dinner to be there last night .
0	soooo disappointing !
1	had the absolute worst dinner experience tonight at tgi fridays on harris blvd .
0	the main ingredients just seem to be lacking in quality .
1	went for dinner , service was terrible , food was worse .
0	i do n't know if they hate working there or hate serving people .
1	needless to say i was invited for a group dinner and graciously obliged .
0	i am able to help move , i just could n't do it alone .
1	went here for dinner with a group of _num_ .
0	thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table .
1	went today for early sunday dinner and will not go back .
0	the flavor is ok but why is the dog so skinny ?
1	i just wish i tried this one for lunch not a full dinner .
0	what a disappointment !
1	unfortunately the steak tips and eggs that i ordered for dinner were foul .
0	i am definitely disappointed .
1	we had dinner there tonight .
0	i 'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant .
1	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
0	_num_ .
1	we had dinner tonight and tried several dishes .
0	our waitress was hit or miss and we waited awhile for the bill .
1	visited on march _num_ for dinner with a large group .
0	note that risotto , the only entree with a price , is $ _num_ .
1	went for dinner tonight and was disgusted .
0	the wait staff -- not too pleasant !
1	after dinner drinks at the bar did n't go so well .
0	the place was empty .
1	this is not the place to go for dinner .
0	our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
1	my husband and i recently ate at radio maria for dinner .
0	wo n't be coming back after this visit .
1	i can put up with a lot of things for a cheap dinner .
0	the worst mani/pedi of my life .
1	we tried it again tonight for our anniversary dinner .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our drink order .
1	booked thanksgiving dinner for _num_ people a week in advance .
0	deserts were nothing less than stellar , and the service was awesome .
1	but for dinner ... way overpriced , way overrated .
0	the food was prompt , and the salad was more than enough to share .
1	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
0	i had to wait _num_ hours just for a pick up for this crap .
1	we had dinner tonight and were so disappointed .
0	this is where i get a serious case of the sad .
1	we spent hundreds of dollars on dinner and wine .
0	the overall condition of the hotel was n't promising on first entrance .
1	saying that this dinner was awful is an understatement .
0	so i 'm not sure how much he 'd approve of this bar .
1	it then took quite awhile for our dinners to start arriving .
0	the bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time .
1	all dinners are served with green beans and a tiny corn on the cob .
0	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a lot more flavor .
1	we ordered `` dinner '' from here tonight and were seriously disappointed .
0	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
1	i stopped by to pick up some dinner after i landed at airport .
0	what an embarrassment .
1	ate dinner here a week ago .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	bad management , ca n't hold a dinner service on a saturday night .
0	big league cities need big league transportation .
1	however while waiting two hours , we repeatedly asked our server about our dinner .
0	so why do they get _num_ stars instead of just _num_ ?
1	prix fixe dinner for two with the cheapest bottle of wine on the menu .
0	avoid if you want anything but americanized junk food .
1	my boyfriend and i went to dinner here last saturday .
0	Neutral
1	very disappointing birthday dinner for my son .
0	at this point we still had not seen our server .
1	i had the dinner at this place few months back and it was disappointing .
0	worst dry cleaners ever .
1	$ _num_ spending ) for a holiday dinner this past christmas .
0	it looked pretty awful like a hard , dry , high school cafeteria lunch .
1	my husband and i went this past saturday for dinner .
0	it was a huge pile of spaghetti in a bowl .
1	went there for dinner on a recommendation and were really let down .
0	i do n't even really know where to begin with this review .
1	very disappointing easter dinner .
0	shrimp and scallop with garlic was bland as hell .
1	my girlfriend is a vegetarian so one can imagine this ruined her dinner .
0	the only reason i gave it a _num_ is because the steak was good .
1	i do n't see myself ever wanting to come back for dinner .
0	Neutral
1	however , i was really disappointed with the our dinner .
0	none of this is exaggeration .
1	our entire dinner was bland .
0	slowest deli department in town .
1	i was too drunk and full of pita donuts to eat my dinner .
0	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
1	i am not even sure why i ate my dinner .
0	no frills .
1	we ate our dinner quickly because of how hungry we were .
0	also the driver forgot to bring my drinks .
1	last visit was saturday december _num_ for dinner .
0	bartenders were terrible and not attentive .
1	as dinner was my treat , i felt very awkward asking for prices .
0	we talked to the manager i 'm assuming which did n't really care .
1	it is usually pretty empty , lunch or dinner time .
0	i 'm sure you can find better accommodations in this price range and location .
1	do n't go here expecting a nice quiet lunch or dinner .
0	the blueberry mojito had an overpowering taste of rum .
1	unfortunately , we discovered the tortillas had expired in the middle of dinner .
0	this place is trashy .
1	last night 's dinner was no different .
0	eggplant parm was a little better than average .
1	neither of us touched our dinner , we were afraid to eat it .
0	that is not what you want to hear first thing in the morning !
1	dinner one night was nice but over priced .
0	the bread is _num_ % of the meal .
1	in particular , do not eat dinner in the depressing restaurant .
0	it is all watered down and gross .
1	came in at dinner time and it was quite busy .
0	however , this past visit was unfortunate .
1	there was not very much included with our dinner .
0	they should n't even call it italian food .
1	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
0	this shell station is horrible .
1	stopped in for dinner about 8pm tonight .
0	the food was terrible !
1	not the best dinner they have eaten .
0	it was not even blackened .
1	party of _num_ sit at the patio for drinks and relax before dinner .
0	avoid this place .
1	what a disappointing easter dinner .
0	_num_ .
1	i gave him my drink order and then he asked for our dinner order .
0	utterly , totally unbelievable .
1	i really enjoy the atmosphere however the food is worse than a microwave dinner .
0	horrible customer service !
1	they then brought out two manicotti dinners which were fine .
0	i had the thai beef salad and it had about _num_ strips of beef .
1	for a dinner that cost more than $ _num_ -- i certainly expected more .
0	it was _num_ of us and _num_ ppl got their checks .
1	my wife and i went to pf changs tonight for dinner .
0	i also got a _num_ pack that cost _num_ dollars .
1	and sell hungry but will opt out of yelp for dinner tonight .
0	the table they sat us at , smelled so badly !
1	unfortunately , we were all pretty underwhelmed with most of the dinner .
0	the waitress who seemed to be rushed did not offer any recommendations .
1	seems more often than not , something is missing from my combination dinners .
0	hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway .
1	i 'd been to hillstone twice , once for lunch and once for dinner .
0	this is not the courtyard i was expecting .
1	i got a flounder dinner there recently , asked for some extra tartar sauce .
0	i left them as i was not in a rush .
1	the only bright side of this dinner was the pleasant waitress .
0	do not shop at best buy .
1	i tried to order huevos rancheros which is not on the dinner menu .
0	i would n't go back .
1	and that old oil taste stayed in my mouth long after dinner was over .
0	terrible terrible service .
1	we went for dinner based upon the reviews and was very disappointed .
0	i think she got _num_ out of every _num_ drink orders correct .
1	it made for an unpleasant dinner .
0	_num_ there service is awful , _num_ there prices are awful .
1	i was just at a wine dinner tonight .
0	it looked like they had not worked on this field in many months .
1	this was the most disappointing dinner we have ever had .
0	shady and terribly run nail salon .
1	went in tonight for the turkey dinner , and chicken fried steak .
0	waste of time and money .
1	horrible graduation dinner .
0	this resort is most definitely not worth the ladies weekend .
1	_num_ turkey dinners , and both dishes were served cold .
0	i 'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible .
1	we went to dinner there last night and it was horrible .
0	i 'm genuinely disappointed with the recent changes .
1	then , i go to check out , my dinner was $ _num_ .
0	needless to say , will be my last time going there .
1	menu presents typical appetizers individual cuts rolls bento boxes and dinners , again typical .
0	he literally walked around the restaurant to find someone , but could n't .
1	my boyfriend 's dinner was a real disappointment , however .
0	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
1	i 'm quite annoyed that i wasted $ _num_ for dinner tonight .
0	zero stars .
1	i am embarrassed because this was my boyfriend 's birthday dinner .
0	way too much coleslaw .
1	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
0	my hubby ordered coffee , cobb salad and filet .
1	even the pre dinner biscuits and scone were bland .
0	the delivery driver arrived about _num_ minutes later .
1	then , it was an even longer wait to order dinner .
0	there was no attendant at the booth when we left .
1	have went here for dinner before , it was okay but not great .
0	there are better options .
1	it appeared the az restaurant week menu was our only option for dinner .
0	ridiculous .
1	why ca n't i get them on my dinner ?
0	the service did n't get any better .
1	i have not eaten in the dinner area yet .
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	to pay this price for dinner and still walk out hungry is sad .
0	the drive-thru is only slightly faster at 10-15 mins .
1	went to macayo 's on central last night for dinner .
0	terribly overrated .
1	after dinner we went on the deck so my daughter could feed the ducks .
0	i was disappointed .
1	lunch service seems worse than dinner .
0	i do n't really have a good review for this place .
1	but we wo n't be back for dinner .
0	i 'm nothing if not organized .
1	last night we got our dinner to go , and it was pretty bad .
0	um no , its like $ _num_ extra for delivery .
1	i could 've made my own chicken dinner at that point .
0	ca n't recommend the place .
1	unfortunately , our dinner just kept disappointing .
0	but the dipping sauce for the tots were on point .
1	the best part about the dinner was probably the indian fry bread .
0	this store is terrible .
1	sadly , dinner tuesday evening on my most recent trip was a disappointment .
0	someone needs fired !
1	the dinner left a lot to be desired .
0	meh is the only thing i leave here feeling .
1	the dinner , which cost us over $ _num_ , was mediocre at best .
0	do n't waste your time !
1	we were given _num_ dinner menus for _num_ people .
0	hate the place !
1	all in all , not my dream dinner , but just okay .
0	i wo n't be coming here again .
1	i went out with three others on a friday night to grab some dinner .
0	nothing that really stands out .
1	bobby and i came here after dinner and sat up at the bar .
0	it smelled badly like wet dog .
1	went to dinner with _num_ other people and we left disappointed .
0	and the pedicure was really really painful !
1	i had join my _num_ adult children for dinner there friday night .
0	apathetic service staff all around , the peanut and i were really disappointed .
1	okay so last night _num_ of us came here for dinner .
0	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
1	my dinner there was a substantial miss for a pretty substantial price .
0	i 'm not paying $ _num_ to get rushed service .
1	but , i would not come back for dinner .
0	customer service was poor and unfriendly .
1	maybe it was the awful dinner spot they put my husband and i at .
0	very disappointing menu .
1	i was trying to find a place to have dinner tonight .
0	still , would not recommend .
1	we could n't stay and wait one more hour until they serve dinner .
0	the toppings on my salad were barely there .
1	i drove twenty minutes on a friday to get my family dinner .
0	they have completely horrible , rude customer service reps .
1	dinner upstairs was a poor experience .
0	_num_ stars for plate glass window people watching !
1	my wife 's dinner was bland .
0	he then was really rude and never gave us napkins or forks .
1	before i ate anything at dinner something in the belly was n't feeling right .
0	gross !
1	luckily we had a fabulous dinner at another restaurant instead .
0	told _num_ minute wait for food .
1	friday night dinner service and out of bread ?
0	just bad .
1	horrible dinner .
0	if i could give the place zero stars , i would .
1	for dinner i ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes .
0	we will not be coming back again .
1	dinner for _num_ here , will run you around $ _num_ or more .
0	skip to the second time .
1	saturday evening , for dinner , was an experience that left us very disappointed .
0	if i were to go back , it certainly would not be to eat .
1	tried to take my wife for a birthday dinner .
0	the sales lady made an annoying appearance every ten minutes .
1	i could have made dinner that night for way cheaper .
0	lidia 's is an upscale olive garden with slightly better wine list .
1	thanksgiving dinner at $ _num_ per head was very disappointing last evening .
0	i was meeting up with _num_ other people there .
1	went here with _num_ other friends for dinner .
