0	drinks are not made properly and the draft beer was warm .
1	some of the drivers work harder than others .
0	_num_ minutes later , she finally brought it back for me to sign .
1	they do n't keep fresh food out like they should for the drivers .
0	they serve beer and wine !
1	when they arrived , the driver neglected to bring us our pepsi .
0	Neutral
1	the driver dropped us off at the restaurant without an issue .
0	the manager was rude when giving me my order .
1	driver wayne was late and rude .
0	inconsistent again .
1	beware of letting drivers handle your luggage for you .
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	the driver clearly took more orders before getting our fixed pizza out .
0	some good some bad .
1	if their drivers were the best , no one would ever move .
0	and , most sadly , the cup of coffee was weak .
1	i gave ace driver two $ _num_ bills asking for change .
0	stay away unless you 're just buying tires !
1	awful cab driver .
0	i 'm sorry , this place is simply not good .
1	driver : am i supposed to guess where you are going ?
0	first - the water at this establishment is disgusting .
1	so the driver got the tip in cash and on the credit card !
0	this is rather expensive as well .
1	the shuttle drivers were nice though , so they have that going for them .
0	they have no clue what the word `` toasted '' means .
1	so i do n't blame the driver .
0	plus , beer was _num_ !
1	called again at _num_ driver was still on his way .
0	there were five very small shrimp on the plate .
1	however , your delivery driver asks if you want change back .
0	she not only lost out on a past customer .
1	when the driver came it was $ _num_ .
0	worst experience at a restaurant ever .
1	driver was rude as well .
0	and am not a fan of the _num_ % .
1	so customers beware of the drivers using your credit card .
0	hostess was very awkward when seating us .
1	we were outside _num_ min early in the heat and never saw the driver .
0	to boot , the beer was pretty expensive .
1	bad customer service , bad drivers , long wait times on hold for dispatch .
0	so very rude .
1	thier driver must think they own the road .
0	the bartender looked at us but kept pouring drinks ( rude ! )
1	i did n't worry about it , but the driver did apologize .
0	every thing about this place is wrong .
1	so she insisted on finding another driver that could be here in _num_ minutes .
0	they were also extremely greasy and had zero flavor of any kind of sauce .
1	the delivery driver arrived about _num_ minutes later .
0	our pizza was burnt .
1	made the driver drop me at the dennys and called discount cab .
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	the driver did not say two words to us .
0	the third haircut was just awful : styled awful , looked strange .
1	awful experience with a driver from ace cab today ( # _num_ ) .
0	_num_ .
1	driver : the strip looks like a mess .
0	i chose a sugar cookie and mexican cookie .
1	but the service from the driver directly was terrible .
0	no one .
1	- the driver who picked us up was absolutely awful .
0	do they train them to be rude and ignorant ?
1	the operator said the driver came to the hotel already and picked up passengers .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	as a truck driver it is a common stop for fuel .
0	just not a good value for the $ .
1	they hd no drivers to deliver what they messed up on .
0	not even the potato pancakes tasted good .
1	driver calls , asks me to meet him at valet .
0	what they said was `` i do n't know what you 're talking about .
1	the driver , a middle aged asian guy , was less then helpful .
0	i wo n't be going back to see him again .
1	the driver showed up at the two hour mark with our pizza .
0	never ever whatsoever !
1	the driver ripped me off !
0	would n't recommend going out of your way for a slice .
1	once in baggage , i did not see a driver with our name .
0	just a mess .
1	the driver did n't even acknowledge it and would n't do anything about it .
0	you 'll have a much nicer experience .
1	- chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool .
0	the last visit i overlooked the $ _num_ gnocchi special .
1	being it was on the driver side it was hard to miss .
0	my girlfriend ordered chicken alfredo .
1	we have a packed bus and the driver is just standing outside .
0	without them i 'd have gone hungry that night .
1	i asked the taxi driver to take me to a good strip club .
0	all i could taste was citrus .
1	when i got there , the driver was very rude .
0	it looked like someone 's basement or garage with tables in it .
1	you should never have to wait for your driver .
0	this was some of the worst food i 've ever had .
1	please check your order before you leave the driver through window .
0	i was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant .
1	this driver wo n't take it .
0	employees would much rather carry inappropriate conversations for the work place than assist .
1	their driver left without checking out or telling anyone .
0	i am not sure if i will go back which is really a shame .
1	they have the worst delivery drivers and dispatch people i have ever encountered !
0	the only bright spot was the waitress .
1	the driver could drive .
0	i get the location is close but it is not worth the grief .
1	the driver was inconsiderate , not to mention very late .
0	well , this place is beyond horrible .
1	the shuttle driver just sits there and does not help in anyway .
0	if i could give negative stars i certainly would for this place .
1	the driver said , glad one of us knew where they were going .
0	the chicken was all dark meat and tasted aweful .
1	however , the driver stopped , and said he could smell something weird .
0	bad decision .
1	after _num_ minutes , and still no driver , i called back .
0	do n't bother .
1	the cab drivers decide which calls they want and which ones do n't .
0	this is not a bad place to live .
1	then was told by the delivery driver that there was nothing he could do .
0	i signed up as they knocked at my door .
1	the last two times i was waiting for my driver .
0	the prices on the menu do n't seem that bad .
1	the driver offered no apologies .
0	felt like i was in someone else 's hood .
1	i do n't drink i am just the dedicated driver .
0	she thought the potato side was just so-so .
1	they took my info and said a driver would be on the way .
0	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
1	both of the drivers were prompt , courteous and helpful .
0	because i really want to like harris grill .
1	driver took the tiny bins and left our marked bin which was bursting full .
0	but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
1	she took about _num_ minutes trying to locate my driver .
0	overall rating - just an ok .
1	the driver told him to call in to let them know .
0	do yourself a favor and avoid the original fish market .
1	also the driver forgot to bring my drinks .
0	do n't bother with this place !
1	the price was fair and the delivery driver was nice .
0	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
1	the driver did n't care .
0	this is the first time i feel compelled to write a bad review .
1	`` i will check with driver and call you back in _num_ minutes . ''
0	being next door to corporate you would have higher expectations .
1	went here cuz our white cab driver told us it was good .
0	i really like the chili .
1	loved vegas but hated the limo drivers !
0	i do n't think i have one good thing to say about this place .
1	ok , it took over two hours for the driver to deliver our food .
0	what was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip .
1	the ride was fine , the driver was friendly , van clean , etc .
0	it 's fairly disgusting ( sticky tables , trash everywhere ) .
1	i asked what it said and the driver could n't read it either .
0	it was just strange .
1	the driver called me two different times for my address and cross streets !
0	the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
1	our driver stopped in the middle of the driveway not at valet .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	the driver was not the issue .
0	the vet met with us for a very short amount of time .
1	to my surprise , the driver turned left onto las vegas blvd .
0	the burgers are rather bland and burnt .
1	`` your driver will be there in _num_ mins . ''
0	everyone hates it ... and unfortunately i drive it frequently .
1	our bags came several minutes later , still no driver .
0	this place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising .
1	driver was good , but company was not .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	will was our driver .
0	disappointed but not giving up , we ordered one of each and proceeded .
1	i have zero bad things to say about any of the drivers .
0	i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
1	but hey , the delivery driver got a hell of a tip .
0	avoid this place at all costs !
1	the only plus was the shuttle service and driver .
0	he asked me if i had $ _num_ cash on me .
1	the _num_ stars if for the delivery driver only .
0	never ever get the all-you-can-eat .
1	at _num_ the taxi driver called me and said he 's coming from fremont .
0	please do not adopt any pets from here until they update their standards .
1	the drivers are usually a hit or miss .
0	it 's not even good bacon !
1	the driver also could n't be bothered to even pull the items out .
0	these hoagies are the most pathetic hoagies i 've ever seen or eaten !
1	the driver was great , to bad he does n't answer the phone .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	in the meantime , the driver offered the excuse of traffic and construction .
0	too bad .
1	the driver says yes , of course , and i get in .
0	they were not fresh , or cleaned very well .
1	they also cut back bus services and lay off all these bus drivers .
0	ok then , how about i just have a diet pop .
1	boyfriend was our designated driver for the evening , so why the hell not ?
0	the staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order .
1	although delivery was prompt and driver pleasant the food in taste was poor .
0	i 'd give this store negative stars if there was an option .
1	there the driver passed out the boxed lunches and nothing to drink .
0	bad idea .
1	rude drivers and late service .
0	i waited _num_ mins in the lobby .
1	first cab driver got horribly lost .
0	needless to say , this completely ruined my meal .
1	the driver said that they are going to charge me anyway .
0	eventually , i found bland tomatoes and shredded iceberg lettuce hidden far below .
1	she claimed his ca drivers license confused her .
0	it did n't taste fresh at all .
1	apparently the driver was in the wrong spot .
0	i do n't know whats worse , terrible service or this filthy venue .
1	we could hear dispatch and drivers yelling at each other over the radio .
0	the service was the worst i 've ever encountered .
1	the driver apologized and it was still hot .
0	the place is just older and needs some renovations .
1	same non english speaking driver and a repeat performance .
0	even the server commented on the lack of a sauce .
1	they could n't find the driver .
0	unfortunately , it was not as good as i hoped .
1	driver went back to the restaurant and the manager delivered the food .
0	the bread was even bad .
1	the driver showed up in an suv instead .
0	what we got at long last was so disappointing .
1	the driver does n't hold the door open for my wife or daughter .
0	horrible experience again made sandwich wrong for 3rd visit .
1	he said all these drivers in charlotte suck at driving .
0	i 've had the fried oysters before , and they were pretty good .
1	ten minutes later a driver called and said he was on his way .
0	the slaw was reasonably good and cold .
1	handed the driver _num_ bucks .
0	worst parking lot in pittsburgh .
1	i called the driver back and told me i was n't there .
0	in addition , the knowledge of the associate was lackluster .
1	somewhat still a fan but our driver was horrible .
0	we were in a hurry because of limited visiting hours .
1	delivery driver delivered pizza and we tipped in cash .
0	and the store is dirty , just as others have said .
1	better luck with your driver !
0	make sure no flies land on your food .
1	the delivery driver was super nice , but it was all downhill from there .
0	i closed the door and she walked away .
1	the driver seemed friendly enough and made a little small talk at the door .
0	the pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible .
1	the delivery driver tried calling me because he could not find my apartment .
0	waiting _num_ minutes for a cold club and cup of soup is totally unacceptable .
1	the driver only had $ _num_ on him .
0	my overall point is just be careful working with them .
1	driver showed up at _num_ when i was n't home .
0	described as being served with butternut squash , brussel sprouts and cauliflower .
1	called the company and driver says it 's not in there .
0	i just do n't understand why they 're so lazy .
1	another driver today at 4:30 .
0	would n't recommend .
1	i had crappy service provided by driver with car # _num_ .
0	it was awful we could n't find any positive in it .
1	finally , our driver was incredibly annoying .
0	i hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
1	i called the driver to cancel and he hung up on me .
0	the prime rib was fatty and cold .
1	the limo driver gets a tip .
0	it 's not worth the money .
1	the driver had no idea where the place was which kind of surprised me .
0	the shrimp were dry and overcooked .
1	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
0	they next wanted to try my hands and i refused .
1	the driver was polite and friendly .
0	worst ever at everything they do .
1	they claimed that the driver would n't answer their phone .
0	again this is pittsburgh not philly , dc , or ny .
1	`` the driver got lost '' ... really ?
0	strawberry pies being the exception to the rule .
1	the driver finally shows up and it 's the wrong keys !
0	no drinks .
1	the counter staff is mostly rude and the drivers certainly need manners as well .
0	they refuse to put a camera in the package room , parking lot too .
1	rental bus drivers worst in the nation .
0	staff was supposed to help with a reservation and dropped the ball .
1	not the drivers fault .
0	i would n't be as concerned if i were here for pleasure .
1	you should know where you are going if you 're a cab driver !
0	here 's where i ran into problems .
1	the delivery driver was nice not a problem .
0	i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables .
1	if i had known that i would n't have added the second driver .
0	decided to give them another chance and was disappointed .
1	and the drivers refuse to acknowledge it .
0	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
1	i have zero problem moving over in order to allow faster drivers to pass .
0	typical fast chinese food .
1	i was threatened by the delivery driver after he messed up my delivery address .
0	it must not have been bad because i do n't remember anything about it .
1	our cab driver could not understand any english to save his life .
0	the pizza crust tasted like pizza hut .
1	mean employees that were literally yelling at drivers .
0	just do n't take your dry cleaning here .
1	save yourself the money and the time and take drivers education online .
0	not a huge deal , but annoying since we asked them to do that .
1	the driver was very apologetic and seemed to be as frustrated as we were .
0	i did n't even know you could go wrong with chicken marsala !
1	the drivers are rude and the cars are dirty .
0	there 's nothing about this specific location that is bad .
1	the driver has already asked me _num_ times what airline i 'm flying .
0	put the tires in my basement , no problem .
1	i hung up , called back and was told the driver had the order .
0	unfortunately , i did not have the great experience others did .
1	`` the driver does n't have them . ''
0	the only thing worse than the food is the service .
1	neither did the driver .
0	they should be serving free meals to anyone they stick at that table .
1	i ran over and stopped the driver explaining that we have an account .
0	the locals that like this joint must have smoker destroyed taste buds .
1	the delivery driver did n't speak enough english to communicate with .
0	the music the guys played was all stuff from like _num_ .
1	proceeded to wander baggage claim looking for our driver .
0	highly recommend that no one ever goes here .
1	the driver supposedly was there , but was nowhere to be found .
0	i 've eaten there many times in the hopes that maybe i missed something .
1	i tried to get them to radio the cab driver but they would n't .
0	terrible for business travel .
1	finally , drivers range from super friendly to scary or just rude .
0	ugh .
1	the second driver joseph made up for the first negative encounter .
0	but this was pretty bad .
1	the driver did not take our bags when we arrived .
0	worst elevator system i 've ever come across .
1	funny thing is the taxi driver first took me to a massage parlor .
0	also the pizza was bad .
1	the driver was wonderful but the tour guide - just awful .
0	not sure why people like it so much .
1	i give them a _num_ star only because the driver was fantastic !
0	and it 's not just coffee , and not just target .
1	just poor form on the drivers part .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	even then i will probably still have to deal with the crazy taxi drivers .
0	it 's not 5-star , it 's pizza .
1	all they do is take a copy of your driver 's license .
0	lamb tasted like the grill and not at all like lamb .
1	when my group was picked up at our hotel the driver was very rude .
0	unfortunately , the wi-fi here is miserable .
1	the driver actually told me i should get a cab .
0	i looked at my boyfriend who checked his watch while i checked my iphone .
1	drivers rude and late !
0	ours was n't plain and simple .
1	once there , there was no apology from the workers or driver .
0	when we checked out i spoke to manager & showed her my bites .
1	the driver showed up right on time which was great .
0	however some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross .
1	horrible experience bad bus driver who did n't care for a disabled american vet .
0	people are rude there as well .
1	called the restaurant and was advised the driver is having gps issues .
0	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
1	hotel staff and bus driver said this has happened numerous times .
0	later they apologize for the error .
1	the driver confirmed that we were going to devil 's martini , old town .
0	clearly , i was never meant to know the price of this ring .
1	many times drivers do not even have napkins .
0	it does n't work .
1	my uber driver picked me up _num_ minutes after requesting .
0	no appointments available for tomorrow .
1	as a truck driver delivering to this facility it is absolutely a miserable experience .
0	their food is gross and i 've seen nice running around in there .
1	the first shuttle driver was the only saving grace here .
0	dim lighting that makes me want to sleep .
1	the driver apparently went to the wrong sheraton .
0	did they think they could get away with it and we would n't notice ?
1	there goes the tip for the driver .
0	eventually i had enough and left , which they still probably did n't notice .
1	in summer , the driver had the heat on .
0	i 'm glad i took my money elsewhere .
1	i will say though that our driver roman , i believe , was awesome .
0	the sandwich was just gross .
1	i had no problem adding a $ _num_ tip for the driver .
0	terrible .
1	the driver then told me that he is picking up the 7:30 am crew .
0	this used to be my favorite steak house in charlotte .
1	sorry , have your driver come get it .
0	oh my god ... .
1	well , your driver just cost you a customer .
0	nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls .
1	some drivers can be surly or just downright ignorant .
0	went to this place for lunch last saturday , party of five .
1	she came out and spoke to the driver about lack of directions .
0	not a good vegan experience .
1	had a horrible experience with cab driver no _num_ .
0	i 'm not sure if this is working hard or just desperate .
1	_num_ stars for the friendly drivers and the bottle of champagne in each limo .
0	the empty cup is still in front of me though .
1	mark answered and said they were waiting on a driver to take my ticket .
0	my aunt picked up lunch , and left the tip .
1	the cab was clean and he was a safe driver .
0	thank you for horrible customer service and a useless watch .
1	first night : we were picked up on time and driver was friendly .
0	ok , i did , and i stopped eating .
1	my drivers license expired _num_ days ago .
0	this results in my paying $ _num_ i should n't have had to pay .
1	delivery driver grabbed the money and made a b line for the door .
0	needless to say , she would n't leave us alone .
1	to put another driver on the vehicle was more than twenty per day .
0	i only go there when dragged by coworkers .
1	if a driver spent too long there , the driver would get written up .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	the driver was _num_ mins late with no call .
0	literally , anywhere .
1	that cab driver was nice though .
0	`` it 's not coming off !
1	the trip to the wynn was handled professionally by the driver .
