0	i hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
1	the husband had a shredded beef enchilada & taco combo .
0	he was great but everything else was extremely slow .
1	_num_ stars for the enchilada .
0	i made a very simple order online -- very difficult to screw up .
1	she loves the the burrito enchilada style with green sauce and rice and beans .
0	very disappointing .
1	the enchiladas are not good .
0	hostess was very awkward when seating us .
1	their enchilada sauce is the best .
0	what a horrible experience !
1	the enchilada sauce tasted like it came from a can .
0	they just are n't nice .
1	bacon wrapped shrimp are phenomenal as well as the crab enchilada and shrimp ceviche .
0	terrible !
1	the enchilada was a soggy mess !
0	the bloody mary was pretty awesome for what i assume is a pre-made mix .
1	shredded beef tasted very bland in both the enchiladas and taco .
0	extremely rude lady works there on sundays .
1	best beef enchiladas in the world !
0	so , after all was said and done , my sandwich was just ok .
1	the beef enchilada had fatty pieces in it .
0	it was not superior by any means but very nice for the average express .
1	i got two enchiladas , one chicken and one beef .
0	instead of _num_ .
1	my husband tried cheese enchiladas with _num_ different salsa and thought it was good .
0	we went on a sunday and i expected a wait , which was fine .
1	love the red chicken enchiladas , they 're spicy and fresh and amazing .
0	clearly , customer service nor quality of food are valued .
1	i ate two bite of my enchiladas .
0	i expected at least decent and i was extremely disappointed .
1	the cheese enchiladas had no flavor and their red sauce was just bland .
0	i rarely write negative reviews .
1	i got the chicken enchilada plate with rice and beans .
0	it 's not me .
1	my husband also loved their cheese crisp and cheese enchiladas .
0	just like the butter and jelly packets sitting in the booth at denny 's .
1	chicken enchiladas had no flavor .
0	the receptionist can not handle tips at all .
1	watch out for the enchiladas because they pack a spicy and delicious punch !
0	not impressed .
1	i asked for green enchiladas , instead i got red .
0	the cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert .
1	my enchiladas were bland , taco meat was `` not good '' .
0	sweating at the lanes while trying to hold a loaded gun .
1	no cheese or onions in either of our enchiladas .
0	just dont expect anything amazing .
1	ordered a combo : sour cream enchilada , taco and tostada .
0	for $ _num_ with the owner .
1	they added their corn in the enchilada .
0	the food here is awful .
1	excellent tamales , enchiladas ... .
0	busy , slow and awful .
1	we ended up ordering some cheese enchiladas with salsa instead of the regular sauce .
0	that 's is bad business !
1	cut into a cheese enchilada , the cheese was not even melted .
0	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
1	but oh , those enchiladas ... wow !
0	having curly hair , i 've had my fair share of terrible haircuts .
1	chicken enchiladas were so-so , a little heavy on the sauce .
0	the hotel rooms were dirty and service was terrible .
1	they seem to put raw onions in everything , including the cheese enchiladas .
0	i will tell people not to go there and i will never go back .
1	had the # _num_ taco , beef enchilada and tostada .
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	the enchilada was really salty and the lettuce was basically a spoon full .
0	the frozen carmel coffee drink was much better than fruit smoothie .
1	i ordered a chimichanga enchilada style and it was terrible .
0	my biggest complaint though is the housekeeping staff .
1	taco and enchilada happy hour plate .
0	items do n't have price tags .
1	i got these chicken enchiladas that were said to come with beans .
0	okay , but wo n't be going back soon .
1	the enchiladas were good but ruined by too much cheddar which overpowered the enchiladas .
0	the runny quinoa was a mess and hard to boot .
1	the guacamole tostada and red chili burro enchilada style are both absolutely delicious .
0	i must admit , i do like the brews .
1	there was barely any cheese in the enchilada i had .
0	potato pancakes taste like they had vinegar in them .
1	my favorite item is a beef burro enchilada style with a side of beans .
0	this place is hit or miss .
1	their enchiladas were good .
0	and another which was not the one my husband had ordered .
1	i love their breakfast burritos , and their awesome enchilada sauce .
0	no thanks .
1	i like the chicken enchilada soup and ceasar salad .
0	they ended up making a new one and the wait was over _num_ minutes .
1	they refuse to put green chile in enchiladas .
0	i will not return to this place again .
1	the enchilada sauce also needed some spice .
0	they just do n't run a very professional operation .
1	we got one beef enchilada , one chicken enchilada and a shredded beef tamale .
0	back and forth a total waste of time .
1	had the spinach enchilada ... excellent chips are fresh and service is good .
0	_num_ ) my hot chocolate was just gross .
1	the cheese enchilada looked like a day old left over drenched in salad water .
0	i continued to stand there , and finally she ( lindsey ) greeted me .
1	husband had chicken & cheese enchiladas and said they were bland .
0	talk about unpleasant .
1	the chicken in the enchiladas was dried and old .
0	it sure is n't the food .
1	my hubby likes to sit at the bar and order the chicken enchilada pizza .
0	the bathroom was gross .
1	my boyfriend did n't care too much for his chicken enchilada either .
0	they simply did n't care .
1	the enchiladas were the real disappointment .
0	the three pastas were very , very basic .
1	i ordered the good ol standby : beef taco and cheese enchilada and rice .
0	he was there for approximately _num_ minutes .
1	the enchilada was rubbery and salty , but no other flavor .
0	the corned beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special .
1	my enchilada plate was creamy and flavorful !
0	so frustrated .
1	i would still like to try the mushroom enchilada .
0	when i received my order i immediately opened it to take a bite .
1	i ordered a chicken taco and enchiladas .
0	when to pay is confusing .
1	i usually order the taco & enchilada combo plate , which is absolutely delish .
0	although i love the store , this store has horrible customer service .
1	off the top of my head i said a chicken enchilada .
0	_num_ .
1	enchiladas are fantastic , the tacos are good , honestly we love this place .
0	however , we were not offered any and forgot about it until this morning .
1	the enchilada sauce topping was also quite flavorless .
0	the food was underwhelming and pricey .
1	unfortunately , the enchilada was horrible .
0	my steak hoagie was actually two mini sandwiches .
1	what i recommend is the mole enchiladas !
0	_num_ .
1	really good fajitas , enchiladas , and margaritas !
0	she said it was salty but the pasta was bland .
1	i needed something to wash down the dry enchilada .
0	pretty rough , but not completely unbearable .
1	the taco was soggy from the tasteless enchilada sauce .
0	total waste .
1	i asked for sour cream for my enchiladas which never came .
0	the service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service .
1	and , they make their enchiladas with white cheese which is not authentic mexican .
0	they will ruin your car .
1	they have the best enchiladas of anywhere i have tried .
0	apparently they feel that frozen cakes are acceptable for events .
1	the lunch specials are awesome , i recommend burritos enchilada style .
0	all in all this place is n't that bad .
1	the chicken enchiladas were extremely dry and tasteless .
0	horrible service .
1	my husband and i got the shredded beef tacos and enchiladas .
0	the entire bag was a soggy mess .
1	the beef enchilada was cold .
0	i would not stay here , it 's not worth the money they charge .
1	but yeah , the enchiladas were pretty tasteless , especially for $ _num_ .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	got spinach enchiladas and they were so good .
0	this visit was n't horrible , but definitely kinda unpleasant .
1	best taco and enchilada in town .
0	we were very disappointed .
1	the enchilada sauce tasted like it came out of a can .
0	i had dessert , which was _num_ flavors of gelato .
1	is n't there supposed to be `` shrimp '' in `` shrimp enchilada '' ?
0	the screens were tiny and the women 's restroom smelled of stale piss .
1	chimichangas , enchiladas and menudo are my favorites .
0	- the fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here .
1	the chicken taco and enchilada were ok.
0	luckily , we had two $ _num_ dollar bills and it worked .
1	awesome enchiladas !
0	my girlfriend had a similarly bland meal .
1	always have the burritos enchilada style as maria 's enchilada sauce is great .
0	after pasta , comes the protein , that includes meatballs , then finally salad .
1	i had the new mexico enchiladas and they rocked my world .
0	and it all is so bad .
1	had the enchilada one , very tasty .
0	way too much cheese .
1	i ordered the beef enchilada platter .
0	on top of that he is very rude and has no customer service skills .
1	made me want some enchiladas .
0	did i mention the cake was dry ?
1	the enchilada was okay , but the tamale flat out sucked today .
0	well , the customer service did n't get much better .
1	great enchiladas .
0	why the need to put lobster in a dye ?
1	shredded beef or chicken tacos are great , as are the burritos and enchiladas .
0	they charge for internet service in the room , that 's so _num_ !
1	the entrees including a nacho platter , enchiladas ... were okay but nothing memorable .
0	the cashier was very polite , inviting , and helpful .
1	only giving a _num_ star rating because they changed the chicken enchilada soup .
0	not a lot of fat on them .
1	his chicken mole enchiladas were even worse !
0	disappointed but not giving up , we ordered one of each and proceeded .
1	because we were talking about enchiladas we assumed that he was getting enchiladas .
0	the dough , sauce , cheese ... even the pepperoni was bland .
1	the sauces ( for enchilada , chile relleno ) were wonderfully flavored .
0	the food was very poor .
1	i enjoyed enchiladas with beans and rice and was very pleased with my choice .
0	not sure if the manager makes th e employees clean or not !
1	my enchiladas and rice were ok , nothing special .
0	went to soba to celebrate my sons birthday .
1	the enchiladas were poorly made and for the most part tasteless .
0	this was a moderately steady thursday night .
1	great enchiladas , beans , and rice .
0	bad service !
1	it looked like it was a deep fried enchilada , not a burrito .
0	not only was the food bad but the service was terrible .
1	the enchilada was soggy and flavor was worse than put of a can .
0	you know what was the worst thing , though ?
1	i ordered a combo plate , trying a beef enchilada and a chicken taco .
0	no thanks .
1	i got about _num_ bites into my _num_ enchiladas and just gave up .
0	my order was wrong .
1	the last thing i tried was the beef enchiladas .
0	i was wrong .
1	my enchilada was n't anything special , the taco 's were a little bland .
0	mediocre food service and atmosphere .
1	the dark mole on chicken enchiladas was outstanding .
0	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
1	the salsa reminded me of enchilada sauce and it 's spicy !
0	not bad , a little tasteless , but why bother ?
1	omg , their cheese and onion enchiladas are superb !
0	salads , sandwiches , burgers and entrees we have all had before .
1	my chicken enchilada was edible but tasted like one of those frozen entrees .
0	while sitting there we noticed _num_ other parties walked out as well .
1	the enchilada was covered in a kinda bland mole .
0	needless to say .
1	their chicken enchiladas are disgusting .
0	the ramen soup was bland .
1	plus i really do love the cheese enchiladas .
0	( _num_ ) they do n't have ready access to email .
1	the enchilada was cold and tasted like mush .
0	the bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion .
1	again , the stacked beef enchilada 's were void of any flavor at all !
0	ugh .
1	worse than the garbage they call their enchilada sauce .
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	their taco 's are amazing as are their enchilada 's .
0	the meat was very dry and falling apart but not over cooked .
1	i had green chicken enchilada and the salad garnish was sad and limp .
0	however , my father and i shared the porterhouse for two .
1	spinach enchilada was tasteless .
0	once seated , i practically had to beg for a wine list .
1	the chicken enchilada was generous with the chicken portion but pretty forgettable .
0	for $ _num_ i 'd expect a lot more .
1	the sonora enchilada is an excellent vegetarian meal here .
0	visited on a friday night and it was pretty crowded .
1	the mushrooms in our enchilada were canned , and then burned .
0	not really .
1	second time , chicken enchiladas and it was dry as hell .
0	very low quality food for the price .
1	try everything , i loved the oysters and the crab enchilada .
0	the pot roast by comparison had no flavor whatsoever .
1	my food was not good- i ordered the breakfast enchilada .
0	bland is the best description .
1	my mom 's cheese enchilada was n't cooked either .
0	the worst chinese food i 've had .
1	the only saving grace was the chicken enchilada soup ... that was downright heavenly .
0	oh , and the lunch special pricing is not bad at all .
1	cheese enchilada was also horrible .
0	no problems with my oil change .
1	ordered mexican food , `` enchilada `` , tamale , taco plate .
0	the sauce was disappointing .
1	the cheese enchilada was cold .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	green chile chicken enchiladas , oysters and with the right person ... perfect .
0	not a call , not the estimate , nothing .
1	the beef and cheese enchiladas with rice and beans are excellent !
0	also , the home fries were just mediocre .
1	great cheese enchiladas , shredded beef tacos are sooooooo good and price is right .
0	okay thai food , nothing special , and overpriced .
1	my entree was the poblano mole enchiladas .
0	the business is not run the way it has been in the past .
1	the chips & salsa and enchilada 's were delicious !
0	the onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can .
1	but the shrimp enchiladas were very good .
0	it was fried tofu in soy sauce with red pickled chinese chilli .
1	i always get a bean burro enchilada style and a taco .
0	normally , i have had the best experiences there .
1	love their rice and their enchilada sauce .
0	for me the food was terrible .
1	ordered the combo place of tostada , enchilada and taco .
0	i was disappointed in the food !
1	great enchiladas ... i could go on and on .
0	there was no salad or pasta side offered .
1	the cheese in the enchilada was very odd , like thin spaghetti .
0	as it is right now , do not patronize this business .
1	cheese enchilada was ok.
0	to any new potential new customer out there , please be warned .
1	i split the risotto and a combo plate of spinach and chicken enchiladas .
0	not very tasty .
1	green chili enchiladas with chicken are fantastic .
0	how the heck do you get that order wrong ?
1	good enchilada sauce !
0	i ordered my spicy tuna and salmon rolls , both came within _num_ minutes .
1	my hubby gets shrimp enchiladas green and they are so good also .
0	we proceed to wait another _num_ minutes until a _num_ top opened up .
1	my coworker ordered the chile relleno and chicken enchilada lunch special .
0	employees show no sense of urgency .
1	the enchiladas were tasty , but everything else was very mediocre .
0	appetizers : nothing really wrong here .
1	i asked for _num_ taco , an enchilada , rice , beans and chips .
0	simply awful !
1	the enchilada was better of the two in my opinion .
0	i stop in every week for it .
1	tonight i 'm trying the seafood enchilada and is really really good !
0	i get it , you wan na have a mom and pop shop .
1	a simple order , two chicken enchiladas .
0	go to meat & potatoes instead , and order a sandwich there .
1	it 's a good place to go and get an enchilada or carne asada .
0	horrible drink ( old fashioned ) ?
1	by mistake , she received a cheese enchilada instead .
0	the two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though .
1	i got the cheese enchilada with refried beans and rice along with a margarita .
0	also they do not take credit or debit cards .
1	the cheese enchilada was bland , and the red sauce tasted like wallpaper paste .
0	the spring rolls were nothing special and heavy on something off flavored .
1	the enchiladas ( chicken ) had little chicken .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	cheese not melted in the enchilada and the tacos were on these weird shells .
0	fried rice super bland .
1	really nice flavor on the enchilada sauce .
0	furthermore , the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par .
1	other than the cheese enchilada everything was really dry and flavorless .
0	the toppings were terrible ( pepperoni , sausage .
1	i was told by my party that the chicken was good in the enchilada .
0	two stars because i really like the drinks here .
1	love the spicy salsa , the meatball soup and the enchiladas .
0	as for a place to spend money uptown i 'd skip it .
1	awesome margaritas and the three enchilada dinner was amazing !
0	waitress wiped off table and pushed crumbs into my lap .
1	their combinations stink - people do n't just eat enchilada 's !
0	annoying ?
1	my sister 's enchiladas were n't too bad .
0	will not be returning .
1	i order cheese enchiladas and the cheese was not melted inside .
0	me : `` please may i just have my beer ? ''
1	they came back with another cheese enchilada .
0	we were starving waiting on our food .
1	there was more lettuce on my plate than enchilada .
0	i should 've known better .
1	was served freezing cold enchiladas and pizza .
0	gave me a texas number .
1	smothered in enchilada sauce .
0	not same price .
1	i love the red chile burrito enchilada style , it is my favorite .
0	why give french fries with most of them burned ?
1	the tamales , burritos , carne asada and enchiladas are great .
0	she clearly has no clue , pride or care in coffee making .
1	our enchiladas were stone cold .
0	holy ... cannoli ... get me out of here !
1	best enchiladas in town !
0	what a complete waste .
1	i ordered chicken enchiladas with verde sauce .
0	so many great bakeries in pittsburgh so i would not go back .
1	enchiladas are best !
0	none of that .
1	i ordered two beef enchiladas with a beef taco , rice and beans .
0	no way , no how .
1	had the chicken enchilada 's and had horrible food poisoning out both ends .
0	why did n't i have to show some email to get the free treatment ?
1	i always get the stacked enchiladas with extra onions & lettuce .
0	i 've contacted the hotel manager twice and have received no response from her .
1	spinach enchiladas were mushy and flavorless - probably frozen spinach and too much cheese .
0	only once was it under par .
1	my husband ordered two enchiladas , one machaca and one chicken .
0	dirty and old looking bakery .
1	best enchiladas -- ever !
0	called two days later to confirm it was ready .
1	my absolute favorite entree is the lobster & shrimp enchiladas .
0	the chowder was basically flour stew with potatoes .
1	i had my usual enchiladas but something was missing .
0	the food was not great and not worth the price at all .
1	decent , but not worth $ _num_ they charged for simple enchiladas .
0	so i then went on to tell her what i wanted on my burger .
1	enchiladas were just ok nothing special .
0	i only took _num_ bite and did n't want anymore .
1	and the enchiladas were also very good !
0	this restaurant is horrible .
1	enchiladas were pretty good .
0	they said they have no idea where the dogs are now .
1	the enchilada sauce was basically just tomato sauce .
0	pittsburgh is known for their worst transportation !
1	best green chicken enchiladas i 've ever had in my life !
0	i 'm _num_ .
1	you have not had great red enchilada sauce until you 've had this one .
0	so i drove _num_ hours there on a weekend to renew .
1	the cheese enchilada was awful .
0	i sat in the little snack area and drank it .
1	it cost over $ _num_ for an enchilada & a grey bean tostada .
0	we are never going back .
1	i ordered the enchiladas and the corn tortillas were hard and no flavor .
0	chef 's special was penne in a light alfredo sauce with crab and shrimp .
1	i 've had orange chicken , a salad , and chicken enchiladas .
0	there are better restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	red burro enchilada style with rice and a diet coke .
0	the salad had way too much iceberg lettuce and tasted like crap .
1	i ordered the chicken taco and enchilada with rice and beans .
0	skip this place - there are other decent cheap eats downtown .
1	( seafood enchilada was similarly terrible , and expensive ) .
0	i ordered the seabass and it really was n't anything spectacular .
1	chips were tasteless , pretty sure my enchiladas were made with alfredo sauce .
0	as it is , i wish i 'd gone somewhere else .
1	i had one of the best enchiladas from here .
0	i love bbb ; however , this location is terrible .
1	i had the two enchiladas and shredded taco plate , about $ _num_ .
