0	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
1	cozy and inviting environment .
0	the spinach pie was ok .
1	good quality , great value , in a comfortable laid-back environment .
0	i would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage .
1	friendly staff and a really nice environment .
0	i did n't get it .
1	it 's a very uncomfortable and hostile environment .
0	so i would say , sure - check them out .
1	streets of new york has quality food in a comfortable environment with friendly service .
0	the chicken nuggets come out under par .
1	great people that care and very open environment .
0	both drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol .
1	great environment .
0	that was $ _num_ down the drain .
1	great place to kick back enjoy a beer and the environment .
0	was n't very busy which was a plus .
1	cute environment which is right behind vincent 's on camelback .
0	in addition , they offered me tea , coffee , or water .
1	love the environment and the food was really good .
0	my husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked .
1	the food was alright , the environment was nice , but the service sucked .
0	to add insult to injury , the only restaurant in the hotel sucks .
1	the environment of the office was very nice and comfortable .
0	if i could give it _num_ stars i would .
1	wonderful food in a relaxed environment .
0	watch the dried bulk stuff - it 's old and stale .
1	excellent food , great service , pleasant environment and reasonable pricing .
0	finally , _num_ mins later ... that 's one hour , folks .
1	the restaurant is pretty new , and the environment is nice .
0	it looked pretty awful like a hard , dry , high school cafeteria lunch .
1	cajun queen serves up consistent cajun food in a fun environment .
0	the wait staff -- not too pleasant !
1	the restaurant environment was attractive , appeared clean with rather dim lighting .
0	are they going out of business ?
1	cool environment and great sushi .
0	let me first tell you that i 'm not really a sushi guy .
1	especially how long you have to wait in this questionable environment .
0	it was all bread and coleslaw .
1	not only is their food top notch , the environment keeps me coming back .
0	the drinks were n't anything special either .
1	fantastic food and great environment .
0	cold food ?
1	not a family environment at all and horrible people !
0	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction .
1	it is loud and the kids will not enjoy the environment .
0	sunday went by then monday went by .
1	i loved the outdoor environment with options to shop , eat and relax .
0	just very greasy , very salty , poor excuse for chinese takeout .
1	inconsistent food , dirty environment , rude staff and not a positive experience .
0	i was forced to locate another vet when i adopted a new kitten .
1	easy , tasty greek food served well in a nice environment .
0	the service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse .
1	not exactly the family friendly environment i think of when i think of panera .
0	you should skip this place for sure .
1	it does n't seem like a very friendly or welcoming environment personally .
0	anyway , we sip our disappointing drinks and decide to order an appetizer .
1	excellent owners and staff with a very inviting and unique environment .
0	servers are chatting , not paying attention to tables .
1	environment also nice .
0	he kept loudly requesting a credit card and the women did not have one .
1	they offer a trendy environment with courteous staff and incredibly talented stylists .
0	for $ _num_ , it was n't worth it .
1	the environment when you walk in is simply impressive .
0	king nasty !
1	good variety of standards and super friendly environment .
0	they gave me my cast and i left at _num_ .
1	it was a fun environment , and the food is delicious .
0	the food is inconsistent , but often good .
1	not to mention the price is right and the environment is wonderful as well .
0	this place is going downhill fast .
1	this has been the worst customer service environment i have ever had !
0	waitress never apologized .
1	the service there is good and so is the environment .
0	it 's tacky too hot .
1	as always a smoke free environment is worth driving to madison for .
0	make sure your opening and closing time is listed correctly .
1	great sliders , fun environment .
0	but the customer service is by far the worst i have ever experienced .
1	great place , great food , and a beautiful environment .
0	he needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made .
1	such a friendly staff and environment .
0	almost three days later , i had n't heard back from them .
1	excellent food , superior iced tea and a fabulous environment .
0	an hour .
1	nice environment ( inside and outside ) , and nice service .
0	guess not .
1	good food , excellent staff , nice environment .
0	fairly mediocre , even by the relatively modest standards of home depot .
1	bad environment , worse food .
0	went in there with friends knowing `` friends '' but everyone was rude .
1	are n't nail salons supposed to be a relaxing environment ?
0	did n't matter that our food was n't correct and our drinks were empty .
1	while espresso royale has a good environment the actual drinks are absolute crap .
0	turns out this was n't the case .
1	plus , we felt really uncomfortable in the environment .
0	the salads came out and the plates were a little sloppy in appearance .
1	love the environment and private .
0	lidia should be embarrassed .
1	it 's a clean , fun and relaxed environment .
0	once they have you they make it hard to escape .
1	it 's such a nice environment and the waitstaff is funny and friendly .
0	this pizza is not good .
1	these did n't also the environment and customer service was sub-par .
0	that said ... for _num_ people , my lunch tab came to $ _num_ .
1	good food but lacks a family friendly environment .
0	both plates were mediocre at best .
1	great service and clean , classy environment !
0	you should avoid it at any time .
1	cozy upscale environment that was very neat and clean .
0	i dont even bother coming here anymore .
1	micheladas - authentic homemade mexican food and awesome drinks and friendly family environment !
0	it begins with no signs saying where the hotel is at .
1	lots of room to sit , comfortable environment and the food is incredible .
0	the beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating .
1	too bad their store environment is so nasty .
0	i ordered the country sausage potatoes , pumpkin pancakes & grits .
1	the environment is very intimate , very special .
0	the food was very poor .
1	excellent pizza and great environment .
0	did they think they could get away with it and we would n't notice ?
1	the environment was very sketchy and unsafe .
0	hostess was great , service was adequate .
1	good coffee and environment with internet to do work .
0	second , the rolls here are sloppy .
1	the environment was awkward and weird .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	excellent customer service , friendly environment .
0	_num_ the bread .
1	customer service and environment were awful .
0	a completely clueless one , that 's what kind .
1	good irish comfort food eats , friendly waiters , relaxed environment .
0	terrible .
1	the environment was hostile and unprofessional .
0	the food was less than average .
1	plus the environment is fun and kinda retro .
0	sorry chef jeff .
1	it 's a fun environment that always leaves us coming back for more .
0	i called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be _num_ mins .
1	what a great environment !
0	they really overload the sandwiches with coleslaw and french fries .
1	always friendly good service and casual environment to chat and talk .
0	their texture was rubbery and they had a `` reheated '' taste to them .
1	cute environment .
0	i was definitely not wowed by the sushi here .
1	it just was n't a great environment .
0	should n't you be doing this for all of your clients ?
1	the staff is very professional and friendly & environment is clean .
0	also , they did n't have much of a sushi menu at all .
1	the presence of a television nearly ruins the otherwise perfect environment .
0	i spent almost _num_ minutes for some nachos .
1	amazing bartenders and servers ... great environment and the food is beyond delicious !
0	noise level -- painful ?
1	everyone in the staff is extremely friendly - very positive and relaxing environment .
0	another couple ordered the cajun pasta and brewery beef tips .
1	very welcoming and friendly environment .
0	stay far away from this place .
1	decor is lacking greatly and the overall environment was quite dirty and messy .
0	the person checking me out was not hospitable .
1	nice environment .
0	unacceptable .
1	the environment is really neat and wait staff is generally very welcoming .
0	they know they sell out before _num_ and they only open at _num_ !
1	i would certainly not come back to this location for the unwelcoming environment .
0	the breakfast bar is lame .
1	the environment is relaxing and quiet enough to easily carry a conversation .
0	they use some oil which smell different that killed the taste of my pizza .
1	modest environment with excellent food .
0	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
1	nice authentic environment .
0	small flies flying around restaurant .
1	i felt welcomed , and in a peaceful environment .
0	gross .
1	good environment !
0	i would n't go back .
1	the environment of the place is really relaxed .
0	aside from the poor service and chaos , the food was pretty good .
1	the whole environment of the restaurant was very old and dirty .
0	booked an appointment , and they fixed the issue .
1	it 's a very cozy , inviting environment with fantastic service .
0	this was flat , one note .
1	i love the environment , cozy and vintage .
0	i wasted my money , and i will never , ever go back there .
1	super cool and chill environment , we will definitely be back !
0	the head massage was painful and rough .
1	i have never been to such a horrible environment filled with scam artists .
0	the place is empty .
1	service is fast and clean environment !
0	at least the place was quiet -- there were empty tables everywhere .
1	the environment is quaint .
0	i gave it one star because of the waiter .
1	the entire environment is spotless !
0	only reason i would go back is speed .
1	the food tasted good but it was not worth the dirty stale environment .
0	it was tasteless , and the fruit center was nothing more than filler .
1	very friendly , clean cooking environment , and great food .
0	i would not order this again .
1	the environment is very charming and warm .
0	if you like sandwiches with french fries piled on them , go for it .
1	we loved the environment and the bar .
0	you 're probably asking why order that when at a fish market .
1	just such an ugly stale environment all around .
0	instead of about _num_ '' _num_ '' it 's about _num_ '' thick .
1	great location , ambiance , cocktails and chill environment .
0	i just feel like i 've had much better pizza elsewhere around town .
1	it 's a nice open environment and they have a great selection of brews .
0	one star for the ridiculous overcharge .
1	they have done a wonderful job of creating a tranquil environment .
0	i 've been a yelp user for years .
1	the environment is very , very cozy warm and inviting .
0	we waited over _num_ hours for the food to be delivered .
1	clean and warm environment .
0	my advice : locals must not know shit from their asshole .
1	very cool environment but the worst and slowest service .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	great environment great location with easy parking and access to downtown pittsburgh .
0	other than losing your stuff , they seem like nice guys .
1	great prices , huge portions and friendly environment .
0	i usually do both dry cleaning and wash and fold here .
1	great environment , well decorated , a piano man and great food .
0	the fitness center lacks a fan , so working out gets too hot .
1	great haircut and good environment .
0	nothing special .
1	decently priced , delicious food and clean environment .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	it is a very casual environment and the service is always good .
0	the employees did not seem to care and had no sense to work faster .
1	super professional environment .
0	no marinara sauce .
1	great staff and even better environment .
0	this showmars used to be awesome .
1	wait in line to enter a very loud , busy , environment .
0	`` every christmas story ever told '' was slow and not that funny .
1	clean environment & happy employees .
0	they were returned to me a full size smaller than i dropped them off .
1	such a pity because it 's a really cool environment .
0	i am paying almost _num_ bucks for this sub .
1	the salon also creates a relaxing environment .
0	i 'll stick with trader joe 's for my alternative market , thank you !
1	fabulous food in a casual environment .
0	worst service ever !
1	very nice environment .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	clean environment , friendly and professional staff .
0	does n't even deserve one star !
1	but overall a great environment .
0	below par on every way .
1	it was a very friendly and professional environment .
0	ball within the already limited selection .
1	great fries , chi town environment .
0	the chicken breast was so small .
1	keith keeps a very clean environment .
0	i would be hard pressed to ever return .
1	great atmosphere and fun environment .
0	needless to say i am extremely displeased with my services here .
1	excellent service , delicious food in a family environment !
0	like i said , olive garden , only local .
1	good service , friendly environment , good food .
0	honestly i do n't consider this place a mall .
1	food is prepared and presented well in a warm and cozy environment .
0	update ... shadyside inn refunded the charges from our stay .
1	the food , service , environment and specially everything was totally amazing !
0	will not go back there , ever !
1	i enjoyed my food , my wine , and my environment .
0	i dont know , i do n't care .
1	wait staff was friendly , environment was nice , delicious food .
0	i should n't have to look for something , it should obviously be there .
1	this is one of my favorite bars , its a cool relaxed environment .
0	i gave them all my contacts information to reach me .
1	the environment is cozy but the food was a bit too salty for me .
0	the pasta was mushy -- way overcooked .
1	awesome food , friendly staff , great environment .
0	this time we literally got sat at a table in the kitchen hallway .
1	add in the environment and this is not a great place .
0	basically , this was the worst roll i could imagine .
1	i always enjoy the environment .
0	better than nothing , i suppose .
1	the food is great every time , and the environment is super cozy .
0	i made an appointment weeks ago .
1	shame on you north carolina for encouraging a hostile environment .
0	went to barnes and noble waterfront with _num_ books on my list .
1	always wonderful , very fresh and a pleasant relaxing environment .
0	the only items that are good there are the bacon and toast .
1	the environment was awkward because it feels like the employees do n't get along .
0	i walked in and was ignored .
1	just for the environment i would recommend it .
0	first time i 've eaten here i went during lunch time .
1	the environment was tasteful , old world european and exceptionally clean and organized .
0	the kicker is that this was n't the first time this has happened .
1	yummy everything -- wonderful people -- great environment !
0	for some reason two drinks came out to $ _num_ .
1	dirty environment and waitress was so rude to us .
0	estimated delivery time _num_ minutes actually delivery time _num_ minutes .
1	come for the comics ; stay for the fun environment .
0	she just kept trying to cover her ass instead of listening to my concerns .
1	slow bad service , kind of dirty , stale environment .
0	i wo n't be coming here again .
1	overall not super friendly environment .
0	this place is a fusion of olive garden and red lobster .
1	the airport environment feels very rushed and stressful .
0	sad thing is , i 've been here a couple times .
1	i walked in to an environment that was not well lit .
0	maybe i should cut down on the costco dogs ?
1	consider spending three or four hours in this informative and relaxing environment .
0	the only dish we liked was the chicken dish .
1	the environment did n't seem the cleanest .
0	thats as american as fortune cookies .
1	we were surprised by the friendly environment , good food and terrific service .
0	that is a downfall .
1	great selection of food , and very humble environment !
0	it was all i could taste .
1	i do n't recommend this place to anybody , not a customer friendly environment .
0	all i could taste was citrus .
1	great staff and environment .
0	the gyro sandwich for $ _num_ was ok at best .
1	the environment was also top notch , a bunch of magazines and such .
0	probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	it is a very fun casual environment .
0	he was so rude and ruined our friday night .
1	the environment is inviting and friendly .
0	decided to give them another chance and was disappointed .
1	very relaxed environment .
0	i really hate this place .
1	very comfortable environment .
0	if you do n't have the time just go next door to the subway .
1	love the environment and the atmosphere !
0	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
1	good food and nice environment .
0	but maybe they 're not even trying !
1	i love this coffee shop 's environment .
0	it 's ... just ... not that good .
1	it 's a clean , friendly environment .
0	fries with burger were luke warm .
1	very friend staff and a pretty casual environment .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	i found the service , food , and environment very fun and enjoyable .
0	nothing special .
1	has a really comfortable and relaxing environment .
0	once again we leave this place unhappy and dissatisfied .
1	i did not feel safe in this environment .
0	the chicken piccata was flavorful , but not as expected .
1	the food was decently made and the environment was welcoming .
0	assuming this was due to the discount , i did n't complain .
1	you 're paying for the fancy environment and rich experience .
0	then , she sat _num_ small parties there .
1	chips and salsa , great environment , i 've found a new favorite !
0	overall :
1	this place is great , very blue collar food and environment .
0	it does nothing to support the brand of lidia .
1	it 's a casual and comfortable environment .
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	great tasting toppings and nice cosy environment to eat in .
0	needless to say , we were disappointed .
1	that being said , my two star rating is more due to the environment .
0	i do n't know why people are giving it such rave reviews .
1	love the service and environment .
0	the wonton soup i have to say though was very good .
1	the environment is nice and servers are polite .
0	my date 's bruschetta appetizer was bland .
1	great food , beautiful environment .
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	not a relaxing environment at all .
0	i would give carolina auto repair no stars if possible .
1	the staff are friendly and the environment is quirky and eclectic .
0	awful place , to bad i was looking forward .
1	good food , comfy environment .
0	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
1	overall i liked this place , good environment and good food .
0	the worst everything .
1	very dull , non attractive environment and the music is horrific !
0	big box , impersonal hotel .
1	the environment was very comfortable too .
0	this is the first , and probably only , negative review i have posted .
1	not a very comfortable environment at all .
0	but no biggie - we agree to split into different tables .
1	nurses are trying to do a great job in a very harsh environment .
0	diners beware , spend your money elsewhere .
1	the only thing this place has going is the patio environment .
0	my husband & i ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time .
1	always fresh sandwich with awesome bread in a clean environment .
0	it 's good , but too expensive .
1	the super relaxed environment is definitely part of the appeal for me .
0	they have completely horrible , rude customer service reps .
1	very awful , rude environment .
0	i was sadly mistaken .
1	great place , great food and great environment !
0	when the bill comes , it is _num_ dollars .
1	always a fun environment and the staff is always great .
0	$ _num_ credit card minimum .
1	homey comfort food in a warm , friendly environment .
0	i have terrible foot pain and can barely walk .
1	we had a great time in the environment , our server was very friendly .
0	juice is cheap .
1	great environment music playing tvs with the music video .
0	to make it worse , they are supposed to open at _num_ .
1	the environment is so natural and beautiful .
0	the service was the most appalling i have ever experienced .
1	nice warm environment .
0	i was there on a monday , so i just tried the sushi .
1	food was outstanding , our waiter was very knowledgable and the environment perfect .
