0	this is a review of their business practices online .
1	were somewhat disappointed ( probably due to higher expectations ) .
0	also lot _num_ had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there .
1	my artwork is enhanced beyond my expectations .
0	if you hate the public , you should n't work with them .
1	first trip was a late night trip so expectations were low .
0	horrible service .
1	orange chicken w/ fried rice was n't to my expectations .
0	it was pretty busy and there were people everywhere .
1	maybe my expectations were high after our thanksgiving experience , but i was disappointed .
0	very disappointing .
1	the food was cold and did not meet expectations .
0	the inside looked a bit old and run down .
1	some people enjoy this trash , i on the other hand have higher expectations .
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	bravo , elite cleaners , for exceeding expectations .
0	i did n't think it could get any worse ... .
1	all of our expectations from previous experiences fell far short of this last visit .
0	the portions are tiny , and the pho broth leaves you unsatisfied .
1	car was clean and operated to my expectations .
0	arrangement was just ok .
1	however , the food did not live up to expectations .
0	2nd experience , today , equally as awful .
1	this hotel does not meet marriott expectations , even as a budget hotel .
0	they are open late hours , so sometimes that can be handy .
1	my experience did not live up to my expectations at all .
0	my suit coat came back ruined !
1	he certainly exceeded our expectations !
0	horrible service .
1	disappointed that yelp took me here on such high expectations .
0	plus the bread was poor quality .
1	met my thai food expectations .
0	and he had a cd setup -- seriously , cds , in _num_ .
1	their service exceeded my expectations .
0	all i have to say is no thanks .
1	i admit , expectations were high .
0	sorry panda ; this loyal customer has had enough .
1	have low , low expectations before coming here and it shall not disappoint .
0	our waitress was very rude and did n't make me feel welcomed at all .
1	and those expectations should be kept as low as possible .
0	the entrance to this location always smells like spoiled milk .
1	i had low expectations , but i do n't feel those were even met .
0	dim lighting that makes me want to sleep .
1	still , i try to keep my expectations reasonable and was not overly concerned .
0	so , i am fed up with bad service from this state farm office .
1	i do n't have high expectations at a fast food restaurant .
0	i tried pickles tonight for the first time .
1	i just never go with the expectation that i will get my correct order .
0	i really do n't know how this place got any good reviews .
1	keep your expectations low .
0	worst fast food i 've ever been to .
1	we came in with high expectations and they were definitely met !
0	we were seated immediately because it was n't too crowded ( bad sign ) .
1	ah , yelp , you caused me to have high expectations for this place .
0	the mozzarella was unremarkable , deep friend mozzarella in breading .
1	i arrived at the smelly cat with this expectation and was severely disappointed .
0	also , parking is a big problem .
1	my expectations were not that high .
0	the front staff was rude , and the wait was too long .
1	i really enjoy panera , and this restaurant meets my expectations .
0	i kind of felt bad for her .
1	enter with low expectations and be surprised on occasion .
0	the worst part , though , is the service .
1	sadly my last two visits have fallen way short of expectation .
0	get your wallet ready , the prices are crazy high !
1	just limit your expectations .
0	disappointed but not giving up , we ordered one of each and proceeded .
1	walking in was not to expectations .
0	)
1	maybe my expectations are too high since i 'm from chicago ( ?
0	no way .
1	they will exceed your expectations in every sense .
0	in the mean time my sales rep was fired apparently .
1	she takes her time and always exceeds my expectation .
0	w h at a shame .
1	i should know better than to have high expectations .
0	we ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did .
1	this place did not meet our expectations at all .
0	should have listened to my gut on this one .
1	i do n't have high expectations for a diner .
0	plus i was served teriyaki fajitas .
1	they are still _num_ star and live up to my expectations .
0	the walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass .
1	no clear communication whether we should stay or go or any expectations set up .
0	caesar salad should not be too spicy to eat .
1	i went to this mall with some expectation but i was disappointed .
0	i came in with a flat .
1	ive just set my expectations very low .
0	that is not what you want to hear first thing in the morning !
1	it 's chain , keep your expectations low .
0	and , its not good .
1	did not live up to my expectations .
0	water temp on the chair got too cold too fast .
1	my expectations are low .
0	why would you not just get our drinks ?
1	i went here with really low expectations and they somehow managed to fall short .
0	but for $ _num_ , and that 's all you get ?
1	to communicate the time expectation with two holes remaining in the round is absurd .
0	i do n't even see how time warner is even in business !
1	i had heard good things , so maybe my expectations were set too high .
0	stomach hurts all night .
1	he was a step ahead , and every recommendation blew our expectations away .
0	almost every time i have been let down .
1	did n't come close to our expectations .
0	( they had run out of home fries ) .
1	i would have much higher expectations for $ _num_ .
0	poor , slow service .
1	fundido style is great ... and the machaca always meets expectations .
0	never going back to pf changs .
1	however this place far exceeded my expectations .
0	it is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager .
1	i kept my expectations low .
0	let 's face it , this is not japanese food .
1	these guys do n't know how to schedule their shop or manage expectations .
0	no such luck , since it was prime dining time on saturday night .
1	the concierge lounge exceeded our expectations with quality offerings and great service .
0	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
1	not even that could lift my expectations .
0	it was so spicy i could n't really taste anything .
1	i had big expectations for this gym .
0	every time we are seated in the dining area it 's a bad experience .
1	do n't set false expectation .
0	this place is one of the worst dental offices i 've ever walked into .
1	true view windows and glass exceeded my expectations .
0	the flavor in the tiki masala was so bland .
1	despite my high expectations , this restaurant barely made mediocre .
0	i think it was overpriced for a pittsburgh restaurant as well .
1	my expectations were way too high .
0	third , the food was lacking in proper seasoning and without any taste .
1	staff service just exceeded all expectations and everything was enjoyable .
0	i feel like i 'm in line for a bad carnival ride !
1	breakfast was delicious and again blew away expectations .
0	left with : big mac , medium fries , no coke .
1	my expectations were not met , very disappointed .
0	unfortunately within _num_ days one of the diamonds on the halo was missing .
1	i read the awesome reviews on this site , therefore my expectations were high .
0	after standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check .
1	on the other hand , the valet attendant exceeded my expectations .
0	although i love the store , this store has horrible customer service .
1	every time we go , the food and the service exceed our expectations .
0	very slow .
1	sure i will be back , but with lower expectations .
0	find a better management who does n't take your money and piss on you .
1	quality of the print meets our expectations and they deliver in a timely matter .
0	_num_ .
1	so i always go into a new bbq joint with high expectations .
0	the owner has a complete disregard for customers and the customer experience .
1	very disappointing as expectations are always high when eating here .
0	i may come to have drinks , but never to eat .
1	this place was featured on diners and dives , so we had high expectations .
0	i do n't eat seafood often so i would n't know .
1	all in all , i had high expectations and was disappointed .
0	i do n't really have a good review for this place .
1	the service exceeded my expectations based on other reviews here .
0	the last take-out pie we got was less than pleasing to the eye .
1	service was great and everything we ordered exceeded our expectations .
0	the menu was small and underwhelming .
1	maybe part of the problem was expectations ?
0	minus _num_ stars for not being much better than starbucks .
1	the sweater is _num_ % clean now - their work far exceeds my expectation .
0	it 's dirty and weird .
1	ruth chris did not meet my expectations .
0	the place just seemed small and shabby to me .
1	unfortunately , it did not even come close to my high expectations .
0	terrible .
1	the service and quality was met beyond any expectations that i had .
0	long story short , i wo n't go back .
1	i am so sorry that the expectation was so much more than the meal .
0	considering the size of pittsburgh , the bus system here is actually pathetic .
1	reviews set my expectations high .
0	but i 'm really disappointed .
1	maybe my expectations were just too high , i do n't know .
0	needless to say i do n't think i will be returning .
1	what i got did not at all match up with that expectation .
0	not gon na order from here again .
1	unfortunately , our expectations for good chinese food were not met .
0	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
1	going in with high expectations , we left very underwhelmed .
0	it sits in the warmer cases , and looks `` crusty '' .
1	that 's not an unreasonable expectation , is it ?
0	for the main course , i selected the gnocchi and grilled sausage .
1	great experience went beyond our expectations great customer service also .
0	just plain gross .
1	i had normal expectations , but come to find out , reality hurts .
0	it rather looks like a deli counter .
1	brad and his team exceeded my expectations .
0	the only interior cleaning was vacuum .
1	i guess that i should have gotten my expectations in order before going in .
0	but it certainly is sub-par .
1	in a nut shell his service exceeds expectations .
0	worse than cans .
1	it was a shopping experience much below our expectations of j crew .
0	how can i help you today ? ''
1	did n't live up to my expectations at all .
0	furthermore i week later i found my car 's belt system was broken .
1	for such a humble name , this place really exceeds expectations .
0	avoid !
1	but even that fell a little short of my expectations .
0	no tip for you my friend .
1	if your expectations are n't terribly highly then you wo n't be too disappointed .
0	eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $ _num_ .
1	every single item i got in this restaurant was beyond my expectation .
0	what was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip .
1	in fact , the food far exceeded our expectations !
0	this has never happened before and it took me off guard .
1	i went into this dining experience with fairly reasonable expectations .
0	avoid .
1	karen 's more than met my expectations !
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	totally exceeded my expectations !
0	both were so bland i could have prepared a better version at home .
1	so i too had great expectations for this place and was very disappointed .
0	!
1	my expectations for mcdonalds are t rarely high .
0	asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one .
1	most importantly , the flowers exceeded any of my expectations !
0	i shop alot , sometimes too much .
1	high expectations , complete disappointment .
0	rather , they were extremely rude and defensive .
1	i do n't expect royal treatment but the experience was below my expectations .
0	from everyone , including bartenders , which is strange to say the least .
1	granted its ihop but my expectations are higher than what was met .
0	the crust was hard and flavorless .
1	having been in the restaurant business for many years , my expectations are high .
0	nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls .
1	the green beans and corn were overcooked and again not up to my expectations .
0	do not sit by the windows because it was very cold .
1	the staff at this office exceeded my expectations !
0	they were cold but did not taste fresh .
1	i went in with very low expectations .
0	i was disappointed .
1	i will definitely return to this place , it far exceeded my expectations .
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	it 's a chain restaurant , i did n't have high expectations .
0	( i believe it was $ _num_ total . )
1	but the food always meets expectations .
0	not one employee even said hello !
1	that 's my idea of customer service that exceed expectations !
0	i would always suggest it when friends asked me where to go .
1	the fried rice was just way below my expectation .
0	very poor service .
1	had high expectations after seeing episode on diners & dives - was disappointed .
0	no excuse for an overcooked steak ever , and all ordered medium rare .
1	went with the lowest expectations and was n't disappointed .
0	well , the customer service did n't get much better .
1	exceeded my expectations !
0	the delivery driver arrived about _num_ minutes later .
1	however this place fails to deliver far below on our expectations .
0	i have not a single good thing to say about this restaurant .
1	unfortunately it did not live up to expectations .
0	overall , it was a larger than average portion for a good fish sandwich .
1	when i visit a mcdonald 's restaurant , my expectations ate the same .
0	obviously , if you choose to patronize this establishment , pay cash .
1	the food was n't bad , but it was nowhere near my expectations .
0	unfortunately , this place is pretty dirty .
1	big fail on that expectation .
0	finally - a halfway decent tv setup , pittsburgh !
1	our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
0	worst steakhouse experience i have had to date !
1	the taste of the food did not meet my expectations .
0	needless to say ... i will never go there again !
1	now this is $ _num_ so we had great expectations .
0	the seafood was a little undercooked and everything was dripping in butter .
1	fell far short of expectations .
0	the romaine is especially pitiful .
1	it went above my expectations .
0	i will not come for the second time .
1	all in all , as good as advertised and they greatly exceeded my expectations .
0	they do not care about animals , at all .
1	my expectations for airline travel are quite low .
0	they literally just threw the wings in the fryer and delivered it to us .
1	my expectations were n't too high to begin with .
0	no thanks .
1	i 'm so sad writing this review because i had such high expectations .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	( well , they always exceed my mom 's expectations . )
0	_num_ woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable .
1	ambiance , atmosphere , service , food ... all exceeded expectations .
0	the service is terrible .
1	i had very low expectations and the restaurant failed to meet even them .
0	one year after they cut that route after being there over _num_ years .
1	they met and exceeded all of my expectations .
0	the beef was very pink in the middle and was of extremely poor quality .
1	they offer a discount for local orders and always exceed expectations .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	my expectations would have been set and i just would have went somewhere else .
0	i stuck them in my mouth and wow ... they were flavorless .
1	i dont have crazy high expectation in food but this is disappointing .
0	will not be returning .
1	okay , let 's first set expectations .
0	ravioli , chicken breast , sauteed greens and a seasoned broth .
1	we did n't come with any high expectations , other than a free meal .
0	so if you 're coming to drink ... not so bad .
1	this havana cafe location fell very short of our expectations .
0	three strikes jackson 's , you wo n't see me again .
1	i got ta say they certainly met those expectations .
0	everything we ordered was very very bland .
1	it just did n't come close to meeting my expectations .
0	sure enough , a few minutes later it was on my table .
1	after mission i had huge expectations , and unfortunately not one was met .
0	first bite the crust was almost raw , dense , and way too chewy .
1	i had high hopes going in and it exceeded my expectations .
0	while the food remains okay , the service leaves something to be desired .
1	exceeded my expectations by far !
0	not only was my order wrong but the lady was very grumpy .
1	if you decide to trying this place out ... have zero expectations .
0	good food , but poor service at this particular location .
1	the concept was nice but this place really did n't live up to expectations .
0	poor customer service !
1	the food is always good and the service is always above and beyond expectations .
0	their market square location worse .
1	tell sam what you want and she 'll exceed your expectations .
0	the decor was old _num_ 's which could have charm but this did n't .
1	it 's not as if i had high expectations ... .
0	i 've only eaten here once before .
1	those expectations kind of fell flat .
0	this was a complete waste of my time and money .
1	after waiting _num_ minutes of waiting i have the right to have high expectations .
0	the restaurant was n't even half full .
1	not underwhelmed because my expectations were in the right place .
0	anyway port authority to sum it up , is a hot damn mess .
1	this did not meet either of our expectations at all .
0	the thing is the fish does not taste fresh at all !
1	for a $ _num_ bill ( before tip ) , we had higher expectations .
0	said hopefully we come back because service is n't usually this bad .
1	well this was our first attempt at this location and it was below expectations .
0	_num_ .
1	being next door to corporate you would have higher expectations .
0	very bad purchase experience .
1	clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here .
0	we also sent an order of chicken fingers back ... dryer than sand .
1	price is fair , but totally out of my expectation .
0	i have had better seafood elsewhere .
1	he recommended excellent entrees , apps and wine that exceeded our expectations .
0	you 're not going every which way to try and find things .
1	our expectations were not too high and the restaurant delivered just that .
0	it was god awful .
1	just really bad for the price , location and expectations .
0	when we eventually got the appetizer the bread , there were no plates around .
1	only reason it was n't _num_ star , low expectations going in .
0	luckily the waitress did not put up too much of a fight .
1	felt like he went above and beyond my expectations !
0	maybe they should pay me for this responsibility .
1	amazing service , fast , efficient and exceeded my expectation today .
0	he was very rude to us .
1	which is not the expectation i had for this place .
0	_num_ stars because the beer was good .
1	came here with high expectations , but was extremely disappointed .
0	also , service was unfriendly .
1	do n't work with him or at least go in with very low expectations .
0	this is the worst lay out ever for a bar .
1	not that i had high expectations for mall food .
0	we ordered spider sushi rolls , hawaiian chicken , and general tso chicken .
1	the room was pretty crappy for the expectations as well .
0	_num_ up ?
1	failed to meet my expectations based on the description in the menu .
0	dirty , unclean , my friend and i went to lunch here .
1	they made no effort to meet or exceed expectations .
0	we probably wo n't be back any time soon .
1	but the one at center city exceeded each and every expectation .
0	service was okay not the greatest but not the worst either .
1	talk about not meeting your expectations !
0	went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition .
1	i guess my expectations were set too high by all the reviews i read .
0	my mom ordered the mushroom ravioli , which was completely bland .
1	so , yes , i did have high expectations .
0	( old cereal and bread . )
1	but if you come here with low expectations you just might like it .
0	this time it was runny bland mushy rice with extra mushy veggies .
1	our visit , however , did n't meet our expectations .
0	( $ _num_ + $ _num_ ) .
1	they lived up to , and surpassed my expectations .
0	i tried dean 's because i had a coupon for a free hair cut .
1	and our expectations were low !
0	at that time , i even had a terrible interaction with the owner .
1	service is great , food is beyond expectations upon seeing the place .
0	i am giving it _num_ stars only because the manager was nice .
1	i do n't have expectations to see things that would n't have already developed .
0	horrible communication skills and customer service .
1	so , we had similarly high expectations for the pane bianco cafe .
0	i had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer .
1	unfortunately the food did not come close to my expectations .
0	when the oysters came out , they did n't even look like oysters .
1	this did not meet my expectations from reviews and photos that were posted .
0	it was just strange .
1	the entire experience was certainly below my expectations .
0	will not return to this place .
1	it 's ok for low cost , but keep your expectations low .
0	the same style etc , just a different ring that fit .
1	through the years , i developed no expectations for them .
0	the building we stayed in was not full .
1	had low expectations , but food was amazing and the service was outstanding !
0	i did not have a good experience here tonight .
1	if you do , lower your expectations .
0	horrible service and food .
1	this place totally surpassed all my expectations .
0	major disappointment !
1	walgreens new company style and service has far exceeded my expectations with this location .
0	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
1	really amazing experience from start to finish that exceeded my expectations .
