0	waitresses do not make much of an effort .
1	i felt rushed as well only _num_ staff and _num_ customers .
0	the horrible location ?
1	service , felt bad for the cute girl .
0	the only thing mixed about this salad was the iceberg and red cabbage .
1	i felt so mad at this point .
0	so i did n't pay for the white .
1	i felt like the staff was lazy .
0	)
1	i felt very unwelcome here so i will not be back .
0	the corn lacked butter .
1	and i felt like total crap the whole next day at work .
0	and the store is dirty , just as others have said .
1	he then went on and on to a point that felt condescending .
0	it would have been nice to know whom .
1	i felt terrible for her in that situation .
0	super slow , cold fries , freezer burned carrots , rubbery lobster claws .
1	while walking around , i almost felt like a criminal .
0	my son 's macaroni and cheese was salty and cold .
1	long review , but i felt strongly enough that i wanted to post .
0	and was really disappointed .
1	felt like they gave me reheated food .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	felt rushed in and out .
0	oh , but wait until i got my bill !
1	i felt like i was making a kids sandwich , i do n't recommend .
0	we should have requested another waitress at that moment .
1	i felt horrible that my husband paid _num_ dollars each for basically an omelette .
0	the service is really spotty too .
1	i felt sorry for the patients trying to check in .
0	this time , it was ridiculous .
1	but we felt uncomfortable and , frankly , kinda played here .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	next the salon is dirty and i felt super uncomfortable .
0	at first i thought maybe it was a fluke .
1	the only reason we left was because we felt entirely , completely unwelcome .
0	the buffalo pierogies however , was a total miss .
1	she expressed that they were uncomfortable and felt like she was going to fall .
0	but i do n't think i 'll be going back anytime soon .
1	i felt horrible .
0	nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls .
1	long story short , i felt ripped off .
0	the food was absolutely gross !
1	they hardly speak english , and i felt an icy discomfort upon entering .
0	faux wood floor makes everything echo .
1	as dinner was my treat , i felt very awkward asking for prices .
0	but , lately it 's been hit or miss .
1	i could not get my point across and felt horribly disrespected as a parent .
0	_num_ minutes later _num_ people still in line .
1	felt rushed all night and was n't busy and not closed .
0	this was the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	it just felt dry .
0	very disappointed in the quality of what i got .
1	i 'm _num_ and i almost felt too old there .
0	( old cereal and bread . )
1	i felt really , really dirty when i left this store .
0	very rude and unacceptable .
1	the place felt hot and there were flies everywhere .
0	this was my second visit and alas , my last .
1	when we first walked in , it felt like we were in a sauna .
0	terrible customer service and it was my birthday .
1	felt like i was in someone else 's hood .
0	sent the mussels back .
1	but i felt really gross after eating it .
0	needless to say , i will never come back here .
1	i felt so bad !
0	disgusting .
1	felt like someone was holding my whole body down .
0	this place charges $ _num_ for _num_ minutes .
1	it felt like a chicken fried steak .
0	there were zero other people here aside from my friend and i .
1	he was short with his words and the whole room felt awkward at times .
0	worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location .
1	i kind of felt bad for her .
0	this was my first time trying brown bag deli too .
1	yes , we just felt ignored and miserable .
0	worst italian food ever !
1	well , i have never felt more embarrassed in a situation .
0	my husband gave me a gift certificate for this salon .
1	felt that this was very generic .
0	i have better food in m own .
1	i felt bad for the hostess .
0	there 's not much left to say .
1	not a cheap breakfast , but not an expensive one where i felt robbed .
0	but this place was just awful .
1	quite frankly , i felt embarrassed for her .
0	parking is atrocious .
1	the car has not felt remotely right since it was in their hands .
0	i do n't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid .
1	it felt very _num_ inside .
0	no thanks .
1	but from the moment i walked it , i felt invisible .
0	this is an older dick 's sporting goods location .
1	i walked around and just felt odd and out of place .
0	this is the worst company as far as billing & customer service are concerned .
1	after our lunch both of us felt really bad .
0	first of all , house chianti tasted like vinegar .
1	i am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there .
0	_num_ ) the fried chicken was n't really fried .
1	nothing personal , but that is how i felt when i left .
0	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
1	my girlfriend immediately felt sick and only ate one piece .
0	the food i ordered was penne alla vodka , which was pretty tasty .
1	went there with friends for the first time and felt quite disappointed .
0	our entrees , dessert and coffee all came out at different times .
1	i have never felt more uncomfortable going anywhere .
0	i can only believe it 's because there are no other deli 's downtown .
1	i felt bad just ordering free beer so i ordered a sandwich .
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	felt like i was back in jersey , without the good food .
0	no tip , never coming back .
1	i felt really unwelcome the entire time i was in the store .
0	now the bad ... stains .
1	but it just felt completely awful to do that .
0	poor customer service .
1	it was very small and all the fixtures felt cheap .
0	papa j 's is expensive and inconsistent .
1	it was only me and i felt like they did n't care .
0	they also have fake sales .
1	i have never felt so uncomfortable at a mac store before .
0	which i do n't really need .
1	beyond the inconvenience , i felt pushed and uncomfortable throughout the entire experience .
0	they just need a better starting product !
1	i kinda felt like it was disorganized .
0	please ... take your hard earned money elsewhere .
1	i left with a splitting headache and felt sick to my stomach .
0	just terrible .
1	we sat at the counter and felt uncomfortable the whole time .
0	food was overpriced and less than average .
1	i was really disappointed and felt a little cheated .
0	also , parking was shit .
1	the bar area felt cramped and made me uncomfortable .
0	this made everyone extremely uncomfortable !
1	it felt like i ate _num_ avocados as an appetizer .
0	needless to say , none of us finished our food .
1	i felt like this one waitress was very rude .
0	from start to finish , the entire evening was a terrible experience .
1	i felt sorry for him ( ok , i 'm a sucker ) .
0	they are wasting so much money on cheese its sad .
1	i felt safe and secure leaving our little one with them .
0	their burgers are dead to me .
1	i felt terrible for this woman .
0	today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality .
1	i felt disgusted that i actually ate half since i was so hungry .
0	refused to replace them or compensate me for the loss .
1	we felt bad , and stuck around .
0	do n't waste your time eating here .
1	we felt totally ripped off when we got the bill for $ _num_ !
0	for three days no one called or picked up the clothes .
1	strike _num_ : it felt like it was _num_ degrees in there .
0	the food is not incredible and the service is always mediocre at best .
1	i felt like she ignored my mother and i the entire time .
0	( i believe it was $ _num_ total . )
1	i felt uncomfortable so i left .
0	very disappointing experience .
1	i felt extremely uncomfortable there , and the buffet was not worth its price .
0	i wo n't be getting one again .
1	words can not describe how angry i felt when i left .
0	i got home and no extra sides .
1	i felt so embarrassed .
0	none of the pastas had any flavor .
1	i am extremely disappointed and felt like i was robbed in plain sight .
0	this is a bad neighborhood .
1	my sandwich felt apart immediately .
0	they also have a wind problem every time the front door is open .
1	it felt awkward to be there .
0	not a dime every again .
1	felt like my mani/pedi was not done very well .
0	it 's awful and we wo n't be going back .
1	the place was chaotic and my nephew felt ignored at times while in pain .
0	my moo shu chicken was mostly cabbage .
1	i felt horrible for the table next to us .
0	anybody that is not would be totally screwed by these people .
1	felt ripped off and very disappointed .
0	possible the worst restaurant i was ever in .
1	in the end , i just felt ripped off .
0	but the worse is the pasta trio .
1	i actually felt really awful about myself for having ate it .
0	the problem is , they do n't show on the assigned day to clean .
1	i should have looked or felt it before i left the store .
0	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
1	i never felt so ripped off .
0	they were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through .
1	i felt too nostalgic here to give this place one star .
0	i was _num_ minutes early for the bus i was trying to catch .
1	i felt like they would never trust my judgement again .
0	we simply ordered _num_ bagels , coffee and tea for breakfast .
1	i felt their service was horrible and it was their mistake .
0	rude cashiers .
1	felt like going home and changing my chuck taylor 's to dress shoes .
0	i 've never sent back food , ever , but this was ridiculous .
1	for the cost , i felt cheated .
0	neither i nor my husband understood the hype about this place .
1	i felt like i was wasting calories for the day .
0	i 'm not even sure where to start .
1	i 've never felt more cheated from a health care provider .
0	the sticks were not actually pretzels .
1	i felt like pizza so this was closest stop .
0	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
1	we felt the whole thing was a rip-off and will not be returning .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	i just felt like i was being questioned .
0	it was overcooked , like rubber , and served on plain white beans .
1	for $ _num_ a drink i felt taken advantage .
0	the cupcakes were average at best .
1	the first time was last summer and i just felt ill all over .
0	too bad .
1	the burritos were falling apart as clients were eating them and felt really bad .
0	so i then went on to tell her what i wanted on my burger .
1	tried out this place a few times and have never felt welcome .
0	no frills .
1	i felt so sick that i threw up .
0	nails looked nice but only lasted about _num_ and a half days .
1	we did not get any compensation for how disgusted my friends and i felt .
0	apparently my empty glass was n't enough of a visual cue .
1	i felt `` wrong '' for having gone there .
0	honestly , it looked like someone had already starting eating this .
1	i was there at _num_ pm and felt sick about _num_ mins after leaving .
0	this was probably the worst gyro i have ever had .
1	felt like the only thing that was fresh was salmon .
0	real bad .
1	i felt dirty just sitting down .
0	there 's a reason it cost that , because it was n't very good .
1	the only issue i had is their food is not that good i felt .
0	my soup was alright - french onion - pretty standard .
1	she was very rude and i felt pushed around and like a huge inconvenience .
0	how far we have fallen .
1	my wife felt so uncomfortable we had to leave .
0	the waiter was not nice at all !
1	they acted like i was bothering them and i felt rushed to order .
0	your comments have been sent to our general manager , christopher beers .
1	it felt more like an overpriced museum .
0	they did n't wash my hair and the haircut took about _num_ minutes .
1	i would have felt better if she had said that she was sorry .
0	but why support a business that really does n't care about you .
1	it should have felt like an upscale restaurant , but it did n't .
0	could someone have asked us if we wanted a drink ?
1	what felt like a piece of sand in the deep fried cheese crisp .
0	waited _num_ mins for _num_ sandwiches .
1	i felt like i was asking an enemy for a favor .
0	not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day .
1	i felt bad for them because there were just way too many people .
0	rooms were clean and the amenities were fine .
1	i just felt i was rushed out of there .
0	the balsamic vinaigrette was straight vinegar .
1	chicago style toppings were right but felt like a cold smoked sausage not polish .
0	something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad .
1	felt a bit ripped off .
0	i ask again , are they hot ?
1	i felt sick before i got halfway through it .
0	highly disappointing philly cheesesteak !
1	it was n't tough but the texture felt poor and was n't very flavorful .
0	this used to be my favorite place uptown .
1	for what you get , i felt that we were overcharged .
0	it was bitter cold outside .
1	really , i felt like crying .
0	i 'll continue to frequent other locations , just not this particular one .
1	uncomfortable beds felt like laying on rubber sheets .
0	two and a half dollars more is not a little .
1	first the waitress was a bit sloppy and we felt rushed .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	immediately i felt like i had just sliced my lip open .
0	it 's bizarre .
1	no reason why or explanation , it just felt like a cold response .
0	i personally would not go back , even though the food was fantastic .
1	felt rushed even though other tables were available .
0	the coleslaw lacked flavor and the bun was simple white bread .
1	overall experience felt cheap , when the bill was quite pricey .
0	i went and told carmax and they said ford was lying .
1	walking out i felt i had been overcharged for a bad lunch .
0	there 's a reason no one goes here .
1	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
0	i had the pizza and it was mediocre at best .
1	restaurant felt dirty and definitely lack luster .
0	)
1	i sat , i ate , i felt disappointed and angry .
0	the pizza was n't that good either .
1	a few others have mentioned that they felt ignored we must agree .
0	this last experience was by far the most disappointing .
1	we felt very pushed through the system .
0	i will never place an order for me & my coworkers again .
1	but she felt the turkey melt was pretty bland as well .
0	tonight was my second attempt here .
1	as a young adult i felt that i was ignored by staff .
0	continuing on , check out was a nightmare !
1	finally , we felt like the whole restaurant clientele has declined .
0	our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted .
1	bottom line , the rooms felt like a run down embassy suites .
0	what i got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich .
1	i felt she was extremely unprofessional .
0	i do n't need to receive attitude from a receptionist .
1	i felt like i was eating a spicy spaghetti soup .
0	this was such a sour experience .
1	i have never felt worse after a meal or left more dissatisfied .
0	also , the service is slow and poor .
1	basically felt like i was wasting his time asking for help .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	several hours after eating this pizza , i felt like crap .
0	dirty , unclean , my friend and i went to lunch here .
1	after we ate we felt sick to our stomach .
0	does n't even deserve one star in my book .
1	i did n't notice until i took it and felt funny .
0	if given the chance again i would n't have another party here .
1	i felt sorry for the bride and groom .
0	not best cake in america by a long shot .
1	the worst mexican ever felt the quality was better at taco bell .
0	the bar reeks of smoke and the bar table feels sticky .
1	i felt completely ignored for _num_ minutes , will never come back .
0	it was just meh .
1	i personally felt rushed .
0	this is supposed to be the best burgers in the 'burgh .
1	i felt very disrespected .
0	there is no excuse .
1	i felt like we got nothing but a stressful expensive meal instead .
0	the first was flavorless and cold .
1	immediately when i walked in i felt a bad vibe .
0	def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else .
1	it felt like a dish that had been reheated in the microwave .
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	very disappointed we all felt very ill after leaving .
0	i ordered some turkey wrap with a fruit salad for a side .
1	we felt we were being rushed out of the establishment .
0	i 'm not holding up a line .
1	dropping her off felt like an inconvenience on their part .
0	no fuss .
1	unfortunately , we felt ignored by the staff .
0	the manager claims he is very helpful ?
1	it really felt like they cared for helping him .
0	i just ate it and it was a sloppy , greasy mess .
1	i felt like they totally took advantage of me , being a young woman .
0	food was so bad that i threw it in the trash .
1	felt like something was missing in the flavor .
0	i only eat the hot and sour the night we ordered our take out .
1	i felt so hurt at all the effort we put in .
0	they confirmed my reservation on the phone .
1	felt like i just took my car in to the repair shop .
0	then the waitress asked me if i knew the chicken itself was spicy .
1	the waitress was friendly but it felt forced .
0	too bad .
1	_num_ minutes and $ _num_ later , i felt gross .
0	my biggest complaint , however , is what happened with our meals .
1	worst experience here , felt very unprofessional and the rudest staff .
0	bad shelter !
1	even at the discounted price we paid for queens feast we felt robbed .
0	his poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday .
1	i immediately felt sick after eating the creme brulee .
0	worst arby 's in the planet .
1	we felt very uncomfortable there and could n't wait to leave .
0	some of the salads are alright , but its just not good food .
1	this time around though , i felt like i wanted to kill myself .
0	and then she said `` no , what kind of dress . ''
1	as i started to leave , i felt taken advantage of .
0	i went here after a car accident that was not my fault .
1	i felt no need to try the food for fear of more terrible service .
0	$ _num_ burgers , $ _num_ domestic bottles .
1	the dread i felt when i saw them .
0	ok i said i was sorry .
1	yet somehow we still felt like she was trying to hurry us .
0	the karaoke host was just lame .
1	i felt like i had wasted my hard earned money .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	the lady felt bad and handed me a $ _num_ card .
0	it did seem a little unwelcoming and a little dated .
1	not sure but felt so disrespected .
0	otherwise i 'll have to have him put to sleep .
1	the style of the restaurant is weird and i felt so out of place .
0	i would not entertain having an event for any more than _num_ people .
1	they have a good selection , we just felt really unwelcome .
0	my pet 's annual visit was over well $ _num_ .
1	the food was not good and wife felt sick next day .
0	my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
1	it just felt kind of depressing .
0	we quickly found out why .
1	i felt abandoned many times .
0	boxes and toys were all over the floor in the store .
1	the new room felt , and looked , much cleaner .
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	i have never felt so disrespected .
0	this place is sad .
1	instead i felt really ripped off .
0	busy , slow and awful .
1	i have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before .
0	over charge and terrible food .
1	i instantly felt like i was at denny or ihop !
0	we had a terrible breakfast here not long ago .
1	it felt really depressing .
0	anyway , do n't try to eat here .
1	i felt like i was robbed .
0	it seemed like it was pre-made and left out for too long .
1	not that there 's anything wrong with that , but it felt strange .
0	not to mention the constant slow internet .
1	however , i felt rushed through the process .
0	service was slow , but there was only one waitress in the restaurant .
1	the seats looked and felt disgusting , and i was really disappointed !
0	she said they would n't seat them because i was n't there .
1	i felt uncomfortable being in their restaurant and eating their food .
0	i wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy .
1	it was very awkward and i felt very uncomfortable .
0	unfortunately yelp asked to provide more details on review .
1	it also felt like i was eating a bowl of lard .
