0	the pad thai was bland and generic , and tasted almost gummy .
1	the pad that had no flavor and the meat was way overcooked .
0	i stopped in during lunch and ordered a steak burrito with guacamole to go .
1	the problems i had was the food had little to no flavor .
0	the service was very slow .
1	the food is oily and lacks flavor .
0	i think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients !
1	the flavor was bland , so i decided to add chili paste .
0	too bad even then the orders are not right .
1	the tortilla was stale , and the flavor was just not there .
0	only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it !
1	other than `` spicy '' -- there were no particularly memorable or enjoyable flavors .
0	huge portion .
1	i put some hot sauce on it strictly to add flavor .
0	no effing way .
1	it was firm , but not dry , and full of flavor .
0	the only seasoning available are salt , pepper , hot sauce , & ketchup .
1	flavor was very disappointing .
0	food was awful .
1	my hot and sour soup was terrible in flavor .
0	and the food was terrible too !
1	the bbq sauce was lacking in consistency and flavor .
0	i had spaghetti and meatballs and a caesar salad .
1	there was no flavor at all .
0	guess what , no fresh oysters .
1	this place was southern food with zero flavor or heat .
0	please save your money and visit another store or company .
1	the halibut was slightly over cooked and did not have much flavor .
0	this wendy 's is terrible .
1	no cheese anywhere , no flavor , just hot .
0	he talked loudly across the whole restaurant to staff members back in the kitchen .
1	the dish had fine flavor but was nothing special .
0	i left them as i was not in a rush .
1	the breading had no flavor and the gravy did n't add any either .
0	so not cool steelers !
1	our chicken sizzling rice soup was flavor less and completely watered down .
0	under no circumstances would i eat here again .
1	the american fries were a soggy mess and also without flavor .
0	so i was appalled by a lousy not fresh dirty salad !
1	old and dirty room , and not good home flavor .
0	service is terrible .
1	food did not have quality flavor it was very bland .
0	for $ _num_ a person it was terrible .
1	but to be soggy , wet , fatty and without any real smoky flavor ?
0	the beet salad was underwhelming .
1	the flavor was also very strange , and tasted like ketchup .
0	sadly , yelp failed me this time around .
1	the attempt at adding flavor came with the chipotle mayo and sour cream .
0	jimmy wan 's offers white and brown , no extra charge .
1	when my food finally came , it was all lacking in flavor .
0	at one point , they even asked me not to use the shower .
1	the burger was so-so with little flavor , which was very disappointing .
0	it was all kind of meh to me .
1	they had the consistency of cardboard and no flavor .
0	overpriced , shitty food and drinks .
1	the only thing that seemed to have any flavor was the rice .
0	skip this place - there are other decent cheap eats downtown .
1	zero flavor !
0	do n't waste your time ... .
1	my husband 's pasta had even less flavor than mine .
0	very noisy .
1	both were not unique in flavor or presentation .
0	fail on all levels .
1	despite the size , the flavor was lacking as well as texture .
0	it has gone downhill badly .
1	the guac had no flavor .
0	_num_ .
1	no flavor or seasoning and the texture was reminiscent of spam .
0	while that was decent , it was n't exciting either .
1	it did n't have a lot of flavor .
0	it was pretty busy and there were people everywhere .
1	the steaks had no flavor and the lobster was overcooked .
0	the waitress made it seem as though it was my fault for bringing him .
1	i ordered the teriyaki steak and it had zero teriyaki flavor .
0	so i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes to find someone to pay .
1	the sauce was not a good flavor at all .
0	and all of that was on a night where the place was mostly empty !
1	that makes me so sad knowing i will never experience that wonderful flavor again .
0	no drinks .
1	there 's just no flavor .
0	i do n't get it .
1	just tasted like a ton of vinegar without any quality or flavor .
0	also the mushrooms were out of a can .
1	this dish was smothered in sauce and had no flavor .
0	bad !
1	i expected a nice tangy flavor to compliment the meat but was disappointed .
0	there 's never any reason to be rude to your patrons .
1	not much flavor in the shrimp or fish .
0	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
1	there was n't much flavor to the food .
0	( _num_ ) they do n't have ready access to email .
1	decent price , very large portions , weak on flavor .
0	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
1	cheap eats yes but not high quality just typical flavor i guess .
0	does n't seem like good customer service .
1	making cream flavored ice cream and adding chocolate does not make it boston cream .
0	ick !
1	it was cut so thin and had no chicken flavor .
0	for example , at my most recent visit i ordered the steak gorgonzola alfredo .
1	the lamb shank was cooked perfectly , but the lamb flavor was missing .
0	the service was terrible .
1	nothing special in flavor or presentation .
0	if answer is yes , then maybe this place is for you .
1	mac and cheese boring , bland , no flavor .
0	so , obviously , no free refills .
1	the steak was full of gristle and had no flavor .
0	nothing to brag about .
1	general tso had no flavor .
0	Neutral
1	i spend _num_ dollars on soggy food that lacked flavor .
0	wow , not so much .
1	it had no flavor whatsoever .
0	i 've been here a few times and have always been disappointed .
1	first of all , the pie had almost no real flavor .
0	i would not order this again .
1	zero flavor and the mushrooms were canned .
0	i can easily say this is the worst indian food i have ever eaten .
1	not much flavor , runny beans , gross appearance and taste .
0	get the diagnosis and get several estimates to compare .
1	the pizza - decent crust , but totally lacking flavor .
0	not very good chinese food here .
1	the flavor for the coconut curry was very bland .
0	( this becomes important later . )
1	the flavor in the tiki masala was so bland .
0	that has no chicken .
1	no flavor just plain bland cold rubbery eggs and bacon .
0	it was off .
1	neither dish had much flavor .
0	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
1	it fell short in ambiance and flavor for me .
0	disappointed .
1	the only flavor at this restaurant was in the salsa .
0	only reason i would go back is speed .
1	the wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor .
0	the restaurant has carpet which i find off putting .
1	the other dish had no flavor really .
0	just thought you should know .
1	chicken texture was ok , but no flavor .
0	strawberry pies being the exception to the rule .
1	from my first bite it was missing something ... flavor .
0	i do n't know what this sausage was other then disgusting .
1	there was no cream cheese flavor whatsoever .
0	i ca n't even begin to tell you how they treated me !
1	_num_ stars for history , _num_ for food quality and flavor .
0	also , service was unfriendly .
1	the flavor was meh and the black truffle butter was surprisingly boring .
0	we also did n't get straws , or utensils for our food .
1	zero flavor and dry as hell .
0	avoid !
1	the spring rolls were nothing special and heavy on something off flavored .
0	the last time that we went there he had our car for over week .
1	the shrimp does n't have any flavor and just tastes like grease .
0	it has been nothing but bad service .
1	luke 's italian beef is dry and lackluster in flavor .
0	bad food , slow service and rude managers .
1	no flavor and the condiments that came with the burger were the standard fare .
0	i really would n't go back again .
1	the bread sticks were pretty underwhelming -- there was no garlic or flavor really .
0	i no longer have to carry around my terrible , terrible secret .
1	no flavor on either - i guess they really rely on their salsa bar .
0	mixed drinks are way too pricey for the location .
1	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
0	then , they did n't even do anything to make it up to me .
1	chicken parm was crisp and moist but again had no flavor .
0	do not waste your money .
1	super dry and no good flavor other than the cole slaw .
0	establishment was not busy at all , decided to seat ourselves at the bar .
1	the steak had no flavor and was just covered in butter .
0	the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
1	both had no flavor and the crust was chewy and lousy .
0	nothing special on this menu ... .
1	no flavor !
0	the bloody mary was completely disgusting .
1	the burger is dry and lacks flavor .
0	both tasted very fishy to me .
1	worse was that there was no flavor .
0	went in there with friends knowing `` friends '' but everyone was rude .
1	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a lot more flavor .
0	it literally killed me to leave a tip .
1	this crust , while thin , did not have flavor and was hard .
0	very quick but kinda confusing to find the place .
1	not too good and not that much flavor for what chicken can have .
0	the first half dragged .
1	shrimp had no flavor .
0	i would hate to lose this place !
1	the potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall .
0	unfortunately it was n't .
1	there 's no flavor .
0	absolutely horrible way to treat a customer when they were the ones in error .
1	the chicken meat lacked any flavor .
0	this really is n't somewhere i want to be .
1	the fish had no flavor at all and it was way too crispy .
0	totally my own fault , but still , watch out .
1	the red sauce , peppery but no substantial flavor .
0	horrible service .
1	they were so greasy and lacked any good flavor in the breading .
0	not so much at uptown charlotte .
1	the pork was dry with no smokey flavor .
0	went to this store today and it was worse than usual .
1	flavor was ok but the lack of real substance was overbearing to anything else .
0	they do n't respect your privacy at all .
1	* flavor - the ice cream here is too sweet .
0	pizza was fine but nothing special .
1	which i really did n't since they were all mediocre with little flavor .
0	but seriously , there are still restaurants that allow smoking ?
1	that 's right , my burrito had no flavor .
0	terrible service and terrible food !
1	it tasted a little like flavored tomato paste as well .
0	had a pretty bad experience last time i went here .
1	no really , the pizza lacks flavor and super skimpy on the toppings .
0	she did not apologize and says that it will take another _num_ minutes .
1	the flavor was very blah .
0	we quickly found out why .
1	my wife said her 's was priced decently but had no flavor .
0	the last _num_ hoagies i 've gotten here is again only mediocre .
1	all i could taste was the overwhelming chemical , fake garlic flavor .
0	not worth one star !
1	the chicken was somewhat dry and lacked flavor .
0	continuing on , check out was a nightmare !
1	it was cold had a horrible flavor a lot of fat on the chicken .
0	their orange juice is never too tart , never too sweet .
1	the collard greens lacked flavor and they were cold .
0	yuck i have avoided this subway like the plague .
1	the flavor of the sea bass was lost in the tomatoes .
0	until then she was just missing .
1	our food as well was stale , cold , and had zero flavor .
0	there was a long line and only one employee at the checkout .
1	i had their green chili burrito , no flavor , do n't order it .
0	the table they sat us at , smelled so badly !
1	no flavor , and not the amazing wings i usually get there .
0	third sign i chose to ignore .
1	firstly , the food had no flavor .
0	this was done _num_ years ago .
1	i did n't feel like this had a lot of flavor .
0	something just feels wrong .
1	i was starving so i 'm not sure about authenticity or flavor .
0	this place is just not our usual dive bar .
1	flavors were safe and my spicy shrimp was n't very spicy at all .
0	it was n't very hot either .
1	lack of flavor really hurts them in my opinion .
0	terrible service .
1	the side of vegetables were well cooked , buy again lacked any real flavor .
0	one of the worst steak sandwiches i 've ever eaten .
1	the fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor .
0	i would give our experience zero stars .
1	there was no smoke flavor at all .
0	sadly , no .
1	no flavor unless you add the sauce ( a lot ) !
0	no such luck : it came on her sandwich just like everyone else .
1	the flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland .
0	the restaurant has the diner feel , no doubt .
1	both were very dry and lacked flavor .
0	first , i feel like they pull the prices out of thin air .
1	i had dessert , which was _num_ flavors of gelato .
0	lo and behold , twenty minutes later , they called us back over .
1	the medium buffalo wing sauce was hot but had no flavor .
0	both of these dishes were extremely unappealing as well .
1	california rolls lacked flavor and were quite bland .
0	mediocre food and also over-priced .
1	it was thick and gooey and the flavor did n't wow .
0	food was not awful , but just barely average .
1	they also use poor quality cheeses that had little flavor .
0	and then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too .
1	it lacks the true flavor that pho broth should have .
0	i 'm no fair weather fan , but 20+ years of losing is enough .
1	they were also extremely greasy and had zero flavor of any kind of sauce .
0	as for beverages , they really skimp .
1	they were all crisp , no potato , and no flavor .
0	so , why only _num_ stars you ask ?
1	the potato salad hardly had any flavor .
0	wo n't visit again .
1	not a ton of flavor there either .
0	it 's really frustrating .
1	as for the food , it was bland , not much flavor .
0	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
1	meaning the shake had no flavor .
0	here 's the bad points .
1	watery pulled pork , slaw had no flavor , and just yuck all around .
0	i got rid of it myself , though lol .
1	it really had no flavor at all .
0	so gross .
1	it was basically dried out , overly thin and the flavor was not good .
0	glad we went , but we wo n't go back .
1	not much flavor and a dry bun .
0	it reminded me of a cheap college place .
1	do n't go here if you require food that has some kind of flavor .
0	the lettuce tastes old and rubbery ... not in this case .
1	boiled pasta would have had more flavor .
0	rode my bike out to meet my old man .
1	none of the pastas had any flavor .
0	it came w duck ragu that was ice cold !
1	there was n't a good steak flavor as i 'd expect from a restaurant .
0	unfortunately , i hung up feeling like a major inconvenience .
1	gone was the flavor and little taste of spicy burn at the end .
0	did they bite off more than they can chew ?
1	the only flavors were vinegar and pepper .
0	such a shame .
1	the quantity was great but this is no trip to flavor town .
0	not off to a good start .
1	the potatoes i ordered were extremely salty and had very little flavor .
0	the fish was tough and the other dish was simply inedible .
1	the shredded beef was mushy , no flavor .
0	please do not give them business .
1	not much flavor .
0	but it seemed like i was absolutely bothering the staff this morning .
1	the sandwich sucked ; no flavor , no excitement .
0	i was seated and served a complimentary salad .
1	the dish was dry and lacked flavor .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	dry rice , no flavor , greasy .
0	_num_ .
1	curry is hard to mess up because it has such strong flavor .
0	i would not stay here , it 's not worth the money they charge .
1	the cabbage slaw accompaniment was of no help in adding flavor .
0	i do n't normally feel compelled to complain but that is ridiculous .
1	the steak was cooked right but just did n't have much flavor .
0	the underwhelming : the french onion soup was not hot .
1	the pork was tough and had no smoke flavor whatsoever .
0	_num_ .
1	the beef was rubbery and had an off flavor .
0	it 's not worth it .
1	the chicken wings were delivered nice and hot , crispy but lacking in flavor .
0	i gave it twice and no one bothered to contact me .
1	this place barely uses any flavor other than salt and msg .
0	i 'm not a fan of that .
1	mushy as hell , no flavor at all ... .
0	every dish had several things wrong with it .
1	the only flavor that seems to be good here is the chocolate .
0	there are better places in pittsburgh to get a burger and fries .
1	the meat had no flavor whatsoever not even salt .
0	usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese .
1	i like their vanilla ice cream , this flavor did nothing for it .
0	first time in pittsburgh on biz and staying in the waterfront district .
1	they were tasteless ... everything is the same tasteless flavor .
0	it 's not that hard .
1	sadly , the food quality and flavor has left this location .
0	the food was awful .
1	zero , and i mean zero flavor in this pizza .
0	sweating at the lanes while trying to hold a loaded gun .
1	the flavor is ok but why is the dog so skinny ?
0	which is a huge shame .
1	not much in the way of flavor though .
0	i 'll limit my visits until i find that treasure .
1	the sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing .
0	totally not worth it , unless you just go for the fries and drinks .
1	no authentic thai flavors .
0	everybody has bad days , they should not be this bad ... .
1	no flavor .
0	my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
1	both the presentation and the flavor seriously left something to be desired .
0	not acceptable .
1	the flavor of the dough is generic and salty .
0	Neutral
1	flavors were good , nothing special .
0	more disappointing than the service was the food , which was really underwhelming .
1	my house made chips were good & cole slaw had very little flavor .
0	disappointed !
1	ingredients were spot on , but it was lacking any real flavor .
0	no personality , still .
1	dairy queen only serves two flavors of ice cream so this is fairly unacceptable .
0	it took _num_ minutes for our waitress to even come to our table !
1	they had no flavor , and the tortillas were hard .
0	_num_ .
1	stale bread , dry sandwich , no flavor .
0	better than that , why was my pot sticker appetizer in my beer ?
1	there was hardly any flavor .
0	needless to say , we never returned .
1	too thin and no flavor .
0	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
1	the chicken was drenched in sauce hiding the flavor .
0	i could n't taste salt , pepper , garlic , anything .
1	not much flavor , and not a high quality meat .
0	does that make you a little worried ?
1	they were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through .
0	i 've visited this store _num_ times .
1	no flavor , soggy french fries , over sauces wings .
0	so , let 's make that a _num_ stars .
1	all the other food seems very commercial and lacks flavor .
0	i 'm sure that this is a fluke and will be taken care of .
1	there was absolutely no salt on anything and no flavor .
0	nothing special .
1	the cheese was loaded on the top with almost no crab flavor .
0	our server was nice , but not attentive at all .
1	the fried chicken and catfish had absolutely no flavor .
0	total waste of money .
1	the rice was too dry , and there was barely any flavor .
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	with all that said we tried all _num_ flavors of the empanadas they offered .
0	horrible service !
1	the steaks had no flavor and were chewy .
0	did n't even offer a food menu .
1	i thought the flavor was okay but it was nothing special .
0	probably not ordering from here again .
1	service was ok and my filet mignon was so overcooked and lacked flavor .
0	i went to this restaurant saturday for the first time .
1	it was okay but no real mint flavor to speak of .
0	not comparable to the other top ten pizza joints in pittsburgh .
1	the penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor .
0	total for the above was $ _num_ !
1	the coleslaw lacked flavor and the bun was simple white bread .
