0	will be busy during peak lunch hours from 11:30 to 1:30 pm .
1	there is always plenty of flights going to anywhere you may want to go .
0	the only thing i found good was the plain rice .
1	which is price for all _num_ flight .
0	as for beverages , they really skimp .
1	us airways cancelled my flight from las vegas to houston with very little warning .
0	they were pretty terrible .
1	flights to phoenix itself is great ( i fly united ) .
0	it 's also really expensive .
1	checking your bags through tsa again for a connecting flight is absolutely ridiculous .
0	how can i help you today ? ''
1	it 's great for people watching and to just relax between flights .
0	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
1	_num_ ) got on next flight and left .
0	_num_ .
1	horrible airline , flight attendants are rude and unprofessional .
0	terrible customer service and it was my birthday .
1	almost missed my flight .
0	did n't live up to my expectations at all .
1	luckily there was _num_ more flight that night .
0	not best cake in america by a long shot .
1	we were tired after a long flight .
0	coffee makers were loudly talking , and seemed annoyed at my presence .
1	not convenient for an early flight .
0	this is the worst location .
1	the flight was delayed _num_ hours and i was late anyway !
0	the whole call took _num_ minutes most of it on hold .
1	my flight did not start boarding until _num_ minutes after the scheduled boarding time .
0	`` again i ask oh really is there nothing you can do ? ''
1	unfortunately the next flight was n't until _num_ am the next morning .
0	we wo n't be back to this one .
1	this is a huge airport with flights just about everywhere .
0	highly disappointing .
1	the first flight was delayed and i requested for changing flight .
0	they of course could care less about me .
1	been close to missing my flights a lot of times .
0	it is not .
1	not a good choice for running between flights .
0	actually i will make sure to spread the word of this terrible experience .
1	on flight they yelled at me for having tray table down .
0	he was great but everything else was extremely slow .
1	the flight was leaving in _num_ minutes at this point .
0	a gym attendant wants you to sign in but has no pen .
1	i took a _num_ hour flight and it was miserable .
0	imho that 's ridiculous .
1	they were _num_ minutes late picking me up ... i barely made my flight .
0	coming here was usually pretty exciting .
1	after _num_ hours waiting while they did maintenance , they finally cancelled the flight .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	_num_ % of the flights we travel through sky harbor are delayed .
0	awful service , overpriced food .
1	delayed flights all around and sharing seating with another gate is ridiculous .
0	by now its nearly _num_ o'clock .
1	departure , we had a flight at _num_ am .
0	this is not an exaggeration .
1	my flight was delayed by an hour and late into denver .
0	for everything else , try the cat clinic .
1	this is the worst flight i have ever been on !
0	this is n't the first time that i have had this problem here .
1	not many shops or restaurants to choose from to kill time before your flight .
0	however , i had the absolute worst hotel experience at the pittsburgh westin .
1	top flight service , excellent work .
0	no wine glasses or anything to make the table look pretty .
1	there are hardly any cheap direct flights from pittsburgh .
0	the other day someone asked me ... where 's your favourite vietnamese food ?
1	i missed my flight by _num_ minutes .
0	they are apparently saying i cant cancel a custom order .
1	maybe the flight attendants should do a quick check .
0	came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service .
1	myself and another passenger from the cancelled flight were waiting to check in .
0	my burger was well done and dry .
1	somehow , my bag and i did not end up on the same flight .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	now , if only my flight leaves soon , i 'll be great !
0	but it was downhill from there .
1	7:00 am : flight delayed _num_ minutes .
0	but again we watched table after table go empty and stay dirty .
1	why not just schedule the first flight for 7:00 .
0	how utterly disgusted i was with it .
1	you can show up here _num_ hours early and miss your flight .
0	and they did n't seem too concerned about my complaint .
1	the last time i was here i was rushing between flights .
0	this is not a place that a neighborhood should support .
1	i called the night before my flight and asked for a 6:30 am pickup .
0	nobody tried to even convince us to stay .
1	i booked my flight july 16th from az to mi for christmas .
0	that is completely ridiculous .
1	if you wish to be late for your flight use their service .
0	not sure we would return anytime soon .
1	flight was delayed in palm springs .
0	the first thing i ordered was a bowl of lemongrass soup .
1	i was on a _num_ hour flight and guess what , no snacks !
0	is it worth the $ _num_ cover on fridays ?
1	my flight got sent to another gate and another plane .
0	needless to say , i will not be coming back to this place .
1	wont ' let us go on our flight .
0	let me start off by saying , i hate the dentist .
1	flights we 're canceled so i needed to drive _num_ hours home .
0	add on : the wifi is awful .
1	we were at the airport _num_ hours before our flight .
0	another twenty six minutes pass and husbands food comes .
1	barely made our flight on time .
0	so i then went on to tell her what i wanted on my burger .
1	situation : flight delayed , missed a connecting flight .
0	_num_ . )
1	( our flight want scheduled to leave for _num_ minutes . )
0	the only reason i gave it a _num_ is because the steak was good .
1	the flight attendants on the first flight were so mean and rude .
0	never going back , letting our bank handle this one .
1	the flight attendants were so rude on my last flight that it shocked me .
0	she was unprofessional and downright nasty .
1	quick update , _num_ hours later , still waiting for the flight to tucson .
0	filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
1	i booked a flight for my daughter over a month early through expedia .
0	what an ordeal !
1	the next available flight is at midnight . ''
0	a party of _num_ , we agreed to sit _num_ and _num_ .
1	flight and lie to me on the customer service phone .
0	they sit on tables and often just sit at your table .
1	i try again to check in online for my morning flight and can not .
0	the biggest negative about rock bottom is by far the service .
1	the mechanic failure and that delayed flight did not qualify for any compensation .
0	i made a very simple order online -- very difficult to screw up .
1	found pre flight on the internet .
0	white , and very loud .
1	3rd time and 3rd delayed flight .
0	my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
1	apparently she did n't realize when her flight out of town was .
0	i do n't get it .
1	i 'm furious and may miss my flight now due to their incompetence .
0	let me first tell you that i 'm not really a sushi guy .
1	the head flight knows i am thirsty and she is not bringing my drinks .
0	but i do n't think i 'll be going back anytime soon .
1	however , the flights themselves were basically decent .
0	did n't get our food until after _num_ .
1	all of the information boards only provided flight information for that terminal .
0	the two jumbo fried shrimp were ok.
1	so $ _num_ later to be booked on a flight the next day .
0	fried items arrive a little on the cold and soggy side .
1	for a _num_ hour flight , you need something to eat .
0	the pasta was a little undercooked and the sauce was ok .
1	i screamed as i would miss my flight to work .
0	i have never been treated so rudely in my entire life .
1	bell trans almost made us miss our flight !
0	my husband gave me a gift certificate for this salon .
1	i truly hope you enjoy your flight out of phx and back !
0	gone is the famous gm bill .
1	decent food , incredible ambiance , nice wine flight .
0	so disappointed !
1	my flight from phoenix to oakland was pretty amazing though .
0	the problem is , they do n't show on the assigned day to clean .
1	lame but what the heck can one do but hope for a safe flight .
0	i do n't understand this either .
1	they would not fly us to another airport on flights that had seats .
0	sorry chef jeff .
1	the flight attendants were rude and very unpleasant .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	it smelled like a locker room after only a one hour flight .
0	i had to walk inside to get my check and then pay it .
1	this is not the airport for international connecting flights .
0	i guess that 's what they say to excuse the lack of proper a/c .
1	communicate that with connecting flights .
0	baked ziti is supposed to have a lot of cheese and sauce .
1	my flight was _num_ minutes long .
0	food was terrible .
1	although i got bumped off of my flight it was a good time .
0	my expectations for mcdonalds are t rarely high .
1	she was the worse person i experienced after _num_ flights and _num_ airports .
0	we will not be going back !
1	i had a _num_ mins connecting flight to san antonio at phoenix airport .
0	here 's where it gets bad .
1	worst flights ever !
0	just had the worst experience at a nail salon .
1	no offer for a later direct flight out of denver .
0	once we did get seated , service was slow and really bad .
1	flights are always delayed by ground crew .
0	every time i have been to cafe sam i have been very disappointed .
1	he also tells me i am going to miss my flight .
0	if you use a teller you get charged $ _num_ for the month .
1	$ _num_ each for the upgrade for a _num_ hour flight was a disappointment .
0	it was n't overly crowded which made it easy to get drinks .
1	worst experience , nearly missed my flight .
0	the decorations look like they 're straight out of an _num_ 's music video .
1	phx is quite nice while i waited for my flight to board .
0	thank you for your feedback regarding your visit to spaghetti warehouse .
1	i almost missed my flight and will not be taking union cab again .
0	the store never looks very clean .
1	i booked a flight from los angeles to san antonio .
0	i 've eaten at various mcdonalds restaurants for over _num_ years .
1	to follow the flight attendants we rude or very short .
0	we were willing to try again , so we went for dinner tonight .
1	southwest gave me $ _num_ last time a flight was delayed this much .
0	they just cost me money and lost my tires .
1	we had to catch a taxi else we would have missed our flight .
0	i 'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the french onion pot roast .
1	easy to navigate and a great airport to layover in in between flights !
0	there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
1	you should never have to leave and go outside to a connecting flight !
0	i would give our experience zero stars .
1	the flight attendants were okay , and the plane landed on time .
0	not much for atmosphere .
1	all three flights experienced significant delays , two for mechanical reasons .
0	first off , the beer menu .
1	ended up at this dive because us airways had many people miss flights .
0	i would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat .
1	us airways caused me to miss an important flight out of sky harbor airport .
0	poor excuse for a gentleman 's store .
1	the flight attendants are nice .
0	the new pitas tasted like a doughy pancake .
1	i have a special need ... to not miss my flight !
0	do n't waste your time here , especially if you have kids .
1	it was _num_ hours flight from phx to buffalo , ny .
0	rude .
1	we barely made our flight after they called last call .
0	please know that i hate leaving bad reviews .
1	had a connecting flight here and the airport was nice and clean .
0	whoever gave this place _num_ or five stars must be out of their minds .
1	my white wine flight was wonderful !
0	this was probably the worst plain cake donut i 've ever had .
1	i was offered a hotel and a 7am flight to phoenix .
0	despite pointing out the problem , she never did do anything about that .
1	saying there was no way i 'll be late for my flight .
0	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
1	the people on united flight _num_ were treated better than i was .
0	plus , beer was _num_ !
1	second flight this week over _num_ hours delayed because they have no crew !
0	they clearly do n't bring them in at the end of the night .
1	due to the long wait we missed our flight !
0	it 's not worth the headache .
1	the worst flight experience ever .
0	our server , was friendly .
1	i had _num_ flights delays for _num_ hours or more !
0	the biggest disappointment was the veal chop .
1	so , naturally one would go to them first after a long flight .
0	at that point our drinks were empty .
1	i flew into the phoenix airport on a southwest flight .
0	does n't even taste good as american style chinese food .
1	the flight attendants are rude .
0	the place was empty when we got there and when we left .
1	and none of them were asked for a return flight .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	that is where our connecting flight 's gate was located .
0	the employees are nice but i get the sense it 's managed terribly .
1	i get _num_ hours of sleep and off to the airport for my flight .
0	this is not an acceptable response for management .
1	think twice before booking a flight from us airways operated by a foreign airline .
0	not so much .
1	then on the first flight we had an exit row which was very cold .
0	again , no herbs and spices .
1	the flight that was booked for me gave _num_ minutes to transfer planes .
0	so disappointed .
1	they did n't care that the flights were all delayed by _num_ hours .
0	seems like she do n't wanted to take care of the customers .
1	i ca n't eat while i 'm in a fight or flight state .
0	we left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food .
1	the wine flights are perfect for trying out new things !
0	they did n't wash my hair and the haircut took about _num_ minutes .
1	for the first time ever , i pressed the flight attendant button .
0	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
1	obviously their tests ended up being negative and i barely made my flight .
0	service -- - probably the worst service i 've ever had there .
1	i missed my flight as i was _num_ minutes late for check in .
0	fake italian at its finest .
1	i 'm glad i had to run through between flights .
0	do n't try to stay when the experience is that bad .
1	not _num_ but _num_ flights , and my bag still mia .
0	_num_ .
1	no air conditioning on flight from palm springs to phoenix in august .
0	it was by far the worst experience at a restaurant i have had .
1	the flight was delayed so much that i missed my connecting flight in phoenix .
0	like two weeks ago when i stayed here for three days ?
1	from here , none if my flights have ever left on time .
0	the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
1	another day to catch the next flight to start over again .
0	this place was terrible .
1	i missed a flight because nobody bothered to pick up my order .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	terrible flight .
0	save your $ _num_ and skip this place .
1	flew _num_ flights in the last week .
0	no ... these bagels are about the same you would get anywhere .
1	the flight back was a bit more annoying .
0	i think one star is being highly generous for this restaurant .
1	had flight from phoenix to salt lake that was delayed over _num_ minutes .
0	ridiculous .
1	i have experienced nightmares on more than _num_ % of us worst flights .
0	slow .
1	i 'd miss my flight if i believed them .
0	ie skinny burgers with simple ingredients ( ie american cheese and ketchup ) .
1	i flew over _num_ flights with southwest last year .
0	_num_ .
1	i stated that was not acceptable as i had a flight to catch .
0	for a store the size of giant eagle , i expect more .
1	of course this was too late to catch my flight so thanks for that .
0	terrible service !
1	had a delayed flight friday that caused me to miss a connecting flight .
0	i have terrible foot pain and can barely walk .
1	went straight to security and barely made my flight .
0	it would take less than _num_ day of their time .
1	cuz we check later those flight are all full .
0	i 'm not italian , but i cook way better than this myself .
1	nothing was said or done by the flight crew .
0	i 'm sure they do but i had to spit mine out .
1	when you book a flight advice is to avoid this airport !
0	it was a very disappointing meal .
1	last time on the same flight it was almost _num_ hours .
0	worst service ever !
1	i came here for `` brunch '' before having to board a flight home .
0	no frills .
1	flight crew was half rude .
0	the penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor .
1	the flight is n't free so someone needs to accept responsibility for the issue ?
0	after they microwaved it it was barely fit to eat .
1	gorgeous sunset people running around to their flights .
0	furthermore , the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par .
1	they are a bunch of rude flight attendant .
0	no idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way .
1	moreover , i regret our flight attendant failed to follow-up with you .
0	sit back down and i 'll take your order . ''
1	i have a $ _num_ credit for a flight .
0	if not , oops !
1	got to a hotel late night as we missed a flight .
0	the old woman was not nice .
1	canceled and scrambled to make other arrangements to avoid missing my flight .
0	the only good part was the bacon , which was ok at best .
1	this is spot of the flight crew , etc .
0	for an appetizer , _num_ entrees , and naan .
1	imagine if we had actually missed a flight because of this nonsense ?
0	i got the lobster roll and was really disappointed .
1	she had no idea of when the next flight would leave .
0	are you kidding me - not even inspected prior to delivery .
1	our flight landed in vegas at like 1am and bell trans kiosk was closed .
0	the hotel itself is ok .
1	my flight had _num_ empty seats .
0	eventually they brought me something but they were just sooo rude .
1	a $ _num_ flight is now going to cost $ _num_ .
0	ok , i did , and i stopped eating .
1	cranky flight attendants .
0	very common problem in these apartments .
1	however , my return flight shook my faith in this mode of transportation .
0	she had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for _num_ years .
1	to add more stress i had a connecting flight ( same airline ) .
0	our bill was over $ _num_ .
1	very efficient , very convenient to get to and to access your flight .
0	the veggies were overly salty table round .
1	barely made my flight .
0	, i would have never known .
1	i was boarding a late flight with only this place open .
0	pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best .
1	in the meantime your connecting flight can be boarding .
0	i would n't come here for anything .
1	taxes for a flight i did n't board ?
0	even the server commented on the lack of a sauce .
1	more so lately ... _num_ % in past _num_ years ( _num_ flights ) .
0	getting on and off is confusing .
1	i ended up calling a cab so i would not miss my flight .
0	( this becomes important later . )
1	also , why do they need to come like _num_ hours before the flight ?
0	as much as i hate olive garden ... i would preferred that .
1	i 'm sorry you were not able to check in for your flight .
0	it took about _num_ minutes , minimum , to get our first drinks .
1	forget your flight leaving on time or having your baggage when you get there .
0	the food was terrible & the cooks need to get it together .
1	nice wine flights and outside seating .
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	wild red flight with cheese !
0	if you 've got stuff to do , do n't bother coming here .
1	almost all airlines allow people to standby for an earlier return flight without charge .
0	beware !
1	they canceled my connecting flight and notified me at the last minute .
0	ok , i 'm in !
1	security is relatively efficient and quick so long as it 's a domestic flight .
0	and there 's hardly any tables to sit at .
1	they use mesa to operate flights out of phoenix .
0	would not recommend to anyone .
1	rented a car over a month ago for our flight into charlotte at 6pm .
0	i asked the waitress ... did n't this come with the mango salsa topping ?
1	- not enough direct flights in or out .
0	my aunt picked up lunch , and left the tip .
1	looks like we 'll miss our flight .
0	i was grateful for justin since he was the most helpful to me .
1	as a result , i missed my international flight .
0	i went here to fix a bad hair cut at the last minute .
1	also , the flight was delayed ... how long ?
0	i will not be coming back at all .
1	these series of events caused me to miss my connecting flight to phx .
0	i have left bleeding twice .
1	great wine flight !
0	the only items that are good there are the bacon and toast .
1	we stayed here after missing a connecting flight and had a very pleasant stay .
0	rude , arrogant , and just nasty .
1	_num_ days before my flight out , i did not feel well .
0	frozen , greasy , tasteless , heavy on bland batter and light on fish .
1	the in flight staff were rude and dismissive .
0	this is rather expensive as well .
1	the port flight was unique and the wine list was good .
0	this results in my paying $ _num_ i should n't have had to pay .
1	i travel frequently and never has a flight left on time .
0	i 've had better burgers almost everywhere .
1	three of us ordered the meatball flight and none were prepared similarly .
