0	next up , the `` general tso 's bean curd . ''
1	oh and i forgot , holes in the screens !
0	salad will come first , then a couple of dogs , then fries .
1	every few years i forget how horrific this chain is and step into one .
0	it was a disgrace .
1	i will never forget the horrible experience i had here .
0	hummus is ridiculously expensive .
1	ohh , i ca n't forget about the salad .
0	small dark not very opening or friendly place .
1	did you forget im the customer & i dont like my drinks watered down ?
0	it reminded me of a cheap college place .
1	our waitress kept forgetting our drinks .
0	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
1	i told her to forget it and walked out .
0	i thought it was actually not very appetizing at all .
1	our drink order was also forgotten .
0	i could n't believe it .
1	i became so frustrated that i just said forget it and hung up .
0	as for my ca rolls , the avocado was all brown !
1	to never forget how big our burrito is .
0	this place is horrible .
1	i really think our waitress forgot to put our order in .
0	no one has gotten back to me yet .
1	employees forgot to place order and all the could do was say sorry .
0	bad food - ordered a bagel sandwich - yuck !
1	chicken caesar salad and they forget the chicken ?
0	sure enough , a few minutes later it was on my table .
1	we told them just make the drinks , forget the food .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	without them forgetting my fries or onion rings .
0	they called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one .
1	gone but not forgotten .
0	the restaurant was about half full , i was with one other person .
1	they have forgotten to do this .
0	we were in an area with a server , but the service was terrible .
1	what i do n't like is they often forget to give you rice .
0	unfortunately , the party stops there .
1	i keep forgetting how not good this location is .
0	there are better options .
1	mine was better , but i 've forgotten what it was .
0	no sauce much and cheap cheese .
1	first , forgot one of the entrees in our to-go order .
0	do not go for the pumpkin patch !
1	waitress came out with waters but kept forgetting our other drinks .
0	rude .
1	i keep forgetting to not come back to this starbucks .
0	i normally do n't do this but i 'm so disappointed .
1	if i order extra cheese they forget it .
0	but my room is outdated and smells like there has been a massive leak .
1	and meats were not cooked to request and the servers forgot the eating utensils .
0	terrible food .
1	when we finally realized courtney had forgotten to put our order in .
0	just not what i had in mind .
1	service was horrible , the waitress forgot all about us multiple times .
0	_num_ mins later we get our refills .
1	ok so forget this , she made the date night really horrible .
0	first the woman rushed through my `` manicure . ''
1	it makes me think they just forgot or did not care .
0	we 've been going through the same problems for years now .
1	had to ask for dressing , the cook apologized saying he forgot .
0	target reminds me of hills when i was a kid .
1	in short , our server forgot about us .
0	their shopping carts are all rusty and broken .
1	terrible quality and and ca n't forget how disappointing the customer service is here .
0	both meals were served barely warm .
1	the salty fish fried rice tasted like they forgot to add fish to it .
0	_num_ weeks and so far no refund has hit my account .
1	when the bill came , she had indeed forgotten the separate bill request .
0	a turn off .
1	i tell him to forget it as i will take my business elsewhere .
0	i used to love this place , but the service is horrible now .
1	forget it .
0	the wonton soup i have to say though was very good .
1	the coupon was applied but he had forgotten _num_ of our credit cards .
0	they charge me for things that they do n't have .
1	did i forget the water down their gas .
0	let me just say that this used to be a place i loved .
1	oh and lets not forget the wonderful breakfast .
0	i also should have known that i should n't have cheated on my diet .
1	forget this place , i will never step foot in this crap hole again .
0	the woman who answered the phone said yes to both so i rushed over .
1	we have n't forgotten and that should tell you all how bad it was .
0	delivery was late , our gyros were cold and fries were soggy .
1	as i searched for my phone i realized i had forgotten it at home .
0	fianc ordered bison burger and ended up getting a 2am with egg , etc .
1	she even forgot the next tables salads until they were done eating .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	i wish i had taken pictures but actually forgot .
0	stomach hurts all night .
1	and let us not forget the worst restrooms ever .
0	said hopefully we come back because service is n't usually this bad .
1	they kept forgetting to come back like they said they were .
0	i ordered the beef vermicelli bowl , one egg roll , one spring roll .
1	and do n't forget rude staff , that was the cherry on top !
0	i am not interested in ever going back !
1	oh yea , i almost forgot to mention the entree 's .
0	my son and i then tasted it ... understood the face after that .
1	_num_ or _num_ times they have forgotten parts of order while using drive thru .
0	manager embarrassed himself .
1	they forgot to hook up the fuel line , unbelievable !
0	even a small crack with a few problems set on it .
1	next after asking for whip they forgot the pumpkin spice .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	he returned with only _num_ drinks , dropped one and forgot _num_ .
0	no chicken .
1	how he had forgotten about our appointment , and was n't dressed to impress .
0	i 'm not joking about the water .
1	this was _num_ and i will never forget this .
0	this restaurant is not my number _num_ choice .
1	my boyfriends meal ( forget what he got ) was no better .
0	dirty and slow .
1	had terrible experiences with this place 20+ years ago that i 've never forgotten .
0	the gelato counter was disappointing .
1	unless your are here for a beer , forget about it .
0	normally i hate salads in places like this .
1	how would u forget something i asked you for and you said okay .
0	i would n't order food here , again .
1	safe to assume he forgot we sat down at one of his tables .
0	it was very inexpensive and i understand why .
1	let that not be forgotten in this mostly negative review .
0	i am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort .
1	someone had to go and tell her that she had forgotten .
0	it was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing .
1	they always seem to forget that were there .
0	chicken was very tough .
1	it had more cucumber then tuna and forgot the cream cheese and avocado .
0	no desk , no real work surface but an oversized tv tray .
1	forget it , that 's in another part of the store .
0	gave it _num_ stars cause the wait staff was nice .
1	very small space , forget finding a table at lunch time .
0	tried to buy a book and have it shipped as a christmas present .
1	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
0	again no salt or seasoning .
1	_num_ day guarantee forget that !
0	being a pastry chef myself , i had to try it .
1	they kept forgetting to bring us our beverages & it was annoying .
0	there is very little meat on the sandwich .
1	forget these clowns on a holiday .
0	so , you get where this is going , right ?
1	and you forgot the lettuce and the tomatoes are tasteless .
0	i looked down and saw dirty toe nails and finger nails on the floor .
1	that did n't happen in fact it looked like they forgot about us .
0	it just was n't very good .
1	if you 're not in their computer , forget about buying shoes here .
0	why do i need to request a stop on the `` t '' ?
1	clearly , she forgot to input our order and then lied .
0	when i said something to her about it , she snapped at me .
1	when it comes to the meat forget it , again very stingy .
0	ugh .
1	just to find out they forgot to put things in the bag .
0	well ok i guess .
1	_num_ $ for a plain roast beef forget that !
0	update ... shadyside inn refunded the charges from our stay .
1	it turns out that they had just forgotten to turn the sign on !
0	i was really disappointed .
1	for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags !
0	i spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza .
1	then they forgot to put mushrooms on the sandwhich that i payed extra for .
0	if someone had been standing there , this would have caused serious injury .
1	forget this place , i 'll go to another one instead .
0	not my scene .
1	unfortunately after all this time still not forgotten .
0	do n't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies .
1	if they do that well , then they forget something else .
0	turned out to be way more hassle than it was worth .
1	parking is indeed a nightmare so just forget about having anyone over ... ever .
0	also the restaurant is not really clean either .
1	after they get you your drinks , they pretty much forget you ever existed .
0	be warned that everything here comes with french fries , even the salads .
1	the server repeatedly forgot my tables drinks .
0	no manager on duty for the busy morning rush .
1	i said forget it and walked away .
0	anyway , i ordered the wild mushroom pasta with chicken .
1	forget the fact that mcdonald 's food is n't great .
0	that was really unprofessional .
1	just said forget it and left .
0	also did n't seem very nice .
1	at another restaurant i 'd be totally willing to forgive and forget .
0	first off , our waitress just was n't good .
1	forget special orders : those ca n't be accommodated any longer .
0	- they want $ _num_ for cheese on their eggs .
1	we ordered lunch , and food was forgotten .
0	burnt almond torte is not as good as i expected .
1	forget it , they will forget to bring them .
0	just do n't do it !
1	meanwhile she neglected refills , messed up food orders , and forgot drink orders .
0	so fool me once , shame on me .
1	_num_ ) write down orders so you do n't forget .
0	the service is really spotty too .
1	she forgot my drink because she `` did n't write it down . ''
0	my minimum tip is $ _num_ , even at the cheapest places .
1	ok ... forget it .
0	cant wait until aaa calls me to renew my membership .
1	will not be returning , extremely loud , forget having a conversation with anyone .
0	i do n't enjoy doing it .
1	i told her to forget it and i would do it myself .
0	the only good part was the bacon , which was ok at best .
1	did petsmart forget they have competition ?
0	sad to see it go .
1	it was so large i completely forget i showed up near close .
0	i would be happy to get my _num_ back .
1	now i wish we could forget last night .
0	overall , not a great choice .
1	getting the order wrong and forgetting a side ?
0	if it would have been me alone , i would have walked out .
1	i 'm very disappointed that they forgot again my ingredients .
0	very bad service .
1	you can get your dim sum fix and forget about it .
0	but this place was just awful .
1	what they 're forgot at the bottom is anyone with money .
0	no , but you know that better is out there .
1	what happened next is not something i will forget soon .
0	as for beverages , they really skimp .
1	only problem is our waiter only put in one order and forgot the other .
0	that 's just nasty !
1	thanks keg for making this holiday one to forget .
0	_num_ .
1	they brought my soup and salad but how could you forget the entre ?
0	none of that .
1	our waiter was very generous , unfortunately i forgot her name .
0	almost every order i 've placed had something forgotten or incorrect .
1	the service was lousy and our server forgot to bring my daughter 's order .
0	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
1	if you want a beer your forget it .
0	disgusting .
1	they always forget an item or two .
0	on top of it all , the coffee was horrible .
1	on one occasion , they completely forgot about the order .
0	i went here after seeing a musical and it was terrible .
1	i 'm sure we were forgotten about as people behind came and went .
0	wrong !
1	i forgot , they sometimes wash your car , sometimes they do n't .
0	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
1	the place is off the beaten path so it 's well forgotten .
0	the pasta at applebee 's are definitely not worth the $ _num_ they charge .
1	the overly long wait and poor service ( our waitress forgot us ) .
0	she just seemed ... off ... or high .
1	the server kept forgetting to bring requested items , mixed everyone 's orders up .
0	two different people in my office were reduced to tears .
1	service was not good , they forgot about us after our dinner was served .
0	not worth wasting your time .
1	things were forgotten .
0	soup not hot , waitress and cook fighting loudly .
1	they also tend to forget some essential ( i.e .
0	look on his face - totally rude and completely inept .
1	i assume they forgot to make it , but placed another order for me .
0	the steamed mussels arrived in a grey broth that looked like sewage water .
1	forget about it as they ca n't deal with it .
0	do n't even get me started with their customer service , or lack of .
1	doctors should never forget that the patients time is important also .
0	_num_ minutes later , nothing .
1	you are basically forgotten when sitting in .
0	they do n't speak english and they do n't understand english .
1	accidentally ate here after forgetting that the food is terrible .
0	i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
1	girl forget to give me receipt .
0	wo n't be back .
1	thing is , the servers make the salads themselves so she clearly just forgot .
0	it was a wet tasteless mess .
1	they will forget ur utensils and ignore u when asked .
0	very poor .
1	i 'll never forget how gross it was and i 'll never go again .
0	they seems not care to lose a customer , it is disappointing .
1	i seriously consider that they may have forgotten an ingredient ?
0	yep , this place is terrible .
1	please do n't forget , service starts within your restaurant .
0	it was generous for the `` _num_ scoop '' order .
1	the waitress `` forgot '' to take the kid 's meals off .
0	not cool , bar louie .
1	i told my friend to forget about it .
0	all the white people get to eat , we do not ?
1	sure enough there was a step he forgot .
0	we sat down for lunch after checking into our hotel room .
1	they forgot my fries - they gave me a large fry .
0	soups could have been a bit more full in the cups .
1	if we needed anything ... ketchup , fork , check , etc forget it .
0	i called to order contacts and they were utterly confused .
1	before i forget to mention , one of the sofa chairs upholstery was torn .
0	it tasted like hot chocolate .
1	party of _num_ , one of their entrees was forgotten .
0	i managed one bite and was done .
1	i was promptly seated in a chair and then forgotten about for _num_ minutes .
0	this place is one of the worst dental offices i 've ever walked into .
1	waited _num_ minutes they forgot about us we waited .
0	this was more than _num_ hours after i had placed the order .
1	every time i come here it 's another experience to forget .
0	it was tasteless , and the fruit center was nothing more than filler .
1	they forgot to cut the pizza , which was kind of annoying .
0	was going to try the buffalo pizza .
1	it 's empty so we likely were forgotten .
0	this is the worst hibachi i have ever had .
1	i guess i forgot to mention street noise on this reservation .
0	tastes like crap but whatever , they serve it .
1	sometimes these people forget what they do and who they work for .
0	the spring rolls were nothing special and heavy on something off flavored .
1	oh , i forgot , the piss is also really expensive .
0	great location but low on amenities .
1	forget the coupon , i 'll go elsewhere next time .
0	i am a big fan of olive garden but not this one .
1	that i know of , there were no mistakes and nothing was forgotten .
0	should i really tell him how much he deserved ?
1	to top it all , they forgot my chicken fries .
0	the cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert .
1	also the driver forgot to bring my drinks .
0	very bad foods .
1	it looked really dry , almost like they forgot the sauce .
0	my aunt picked up lunch , and left the tip .
1	we forgot his id and they refused to see him .
0	i was really excited to hear that they had smoked salmon .
1	if you want a list of who actually used the valet , forget it .
0	normally , i have had the best experiences there .
1	the third possible main dish was trout and i forget the fourth .
0	they 'll try to hit you with a bunch of unnecessary repairs .
1	so i called and they informed me they must have forgotten about me .
0	mixed drinks are way too pricey for the location .
1	as if we were forgotten about , no refills , no water as requested .
0	this hotel is really dated , and the rooms smell funny .
1	forgive and forget ?
0	the skins were a bit thick and doughy .
1	they forgot part of our order from tonight .
0	i 'm done i throw in the towel trying to deal with them .
1	_num_ for `` super '' wash and floor mats but forgot the floor mats .
0	the potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed .
1	nasty attitude ... that i wo n't forget .
0	we made the unfortunate decision to make a reservation here for a special occasion .
1	then 3rd was tonight , forgot an order of breadsticks , i ordered two .
0	the lady at the front desk is absolutely rude rude rude rude .
1	forget getting prescriptions refilled without a required doctor visit so they can get $ .
0	i was too drunk and full of pita donuts to eat my dinner .
1	the drink order apparently was forgotten as well .
0	it 's never open ... not even at 6:30 pm on a thursday .
1	however , we were not offered any and forgot about it until this morning .
0	do not get married here !
1	the duck was dry and they forgot to serve any sauce with it .
0	i do n't know how this place has stayed in business for so long .
1	i forgot all about the bad .
0	and it was very annoying !
1	went back and asked for guac because they forgot it and they refused .
0	there are many choices in charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one .
1	i told him to just forget them and bring me the check .
0	so instead of the rice i ordered a baked potato .
1	not normally my go to pizza place because i often forget about it .
0	who cares what i think though , everyone has a different taste .
1	as for the desert - forget it !
0	apparently it 's supposed to be `` loaded '' with roasted chicken .
1	far too often ask you to pull around and forget to bring out food .
0	if not , stay away .
1	and if you want them to set up your tv , forget it .
0	times , and it still is not resolved .
1	felt forgotten on the patio .
0	typical diner look and menu .
1	he says that they seem to have totally forgotten about the bike .
0	gross . )
1	they did n't forget to bring her food , they forgot to cook it !
0	i have terrible foot pain and can barely walk .
1	they also forget some of my order .
0	room three does n't smell much better .
1	i forgot her name otherwise it would 've been mentioned on here .
0	if you really hate someone , you should take them to this restaurant .
1	our waiter also forgot my sister in laws noodles and two beverages .
0	in fact the room we sat in had approximately _num_ open tables .
1	then i realized i 'd forgotten if she said 1:30 or 11:30 .
0	nothing that really stands out .
1	she also forgot about our champagne , gave us the check and walked away .
0	over the last _num_ months i have to report they have lost their edge .
1	but for the sushi - forget it .
0	what kind of italian food has no garlic ?
1	i went inside to get it fixed , and they forgot about me .
0	it seemed like it was pre-made and left out for too long .
1	each time they forgot a beer , or jalapeos , or soy sauce .
0	their texture was rubbery and they had a `` reheated '' taste to them .
1	it was my fault for forgetting my credit card there after paying the bill .
0	the hotel is starting to look warn and needs investment .
1	but , it is what it is so do not forget your key !
0	not even a ceiling fan in sight .
1	was someone else supposed to bring it , did she forget ?
0	we had a terrible breakfast here not long ago .
1	honesty today must have been forgotten .
0	the sandwich was soggy , bland , and just all-around not good .
1	if you 're looking for name brands , forget it .
0	the pasta with chicken was about the best from the trio .
1	it was an experience that i will never forget .
0	pitiful service .
1	they forgot orders and they never refilled our cups .
0	i may come to have drinks , but never to eat .
1	apparently , they forgot to call me .
0	really , are they kidding serving store bought salsa ?
1	after you 've purchased , though , forget about it .
0	the service is the worst i 've ever seen .
1	on one visit , they gave me my food but forgot my drink .
0	there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
1	every time they forgot items for our order or gave us completely wrong food .
0	i hate this location .
1	every time i forget how horrible this shuttle service is !
0	would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
1	the very busy staff seemed to have forgotten us .
0	do n't waste your time or money at this denny 's .
1	they have forgotten who keeps them in business , it is paying customers .
0	it came with mashed potatoes which were definitely from a package .
1	because of this , i said forget the balloons .
