0	ridiculous .
1	great furniture store .
0	absolutely terrible night .
1	good job guys , we will be back for more furniture later !
0	first bite the crust was almost raw , dense , and way too chewy .
1	check it out of you are looking for new furniture !
0	no apology .
1	_num_ months ago i bought patio furniture .
0	why would they want to risk a customer not coming back .
1	to date the store has done nothing to replace the defective furniture .
0	terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
1	this place is old , furniture is ugly , rooms are dark and smelly .
0	i live _num_ minutes from their location .
1	the furniture and dcor need some serious updating .
0	worse was that there was no flavor .
1	thank you ashley furniture .
0	coffee makers were loudly talking , and seemed annoyed at my presence .
1	nice high end furniture .
0	just do n't expect fantastic korean bbq .
1	great selection of model home furniture .
0	i only gave them _num_ stars because the pizza itself was pretty good .
1	and still _num_ and a half weeks later and still no furniture .
0	establishment was not busy at all , decided to seat ourselves at the bar .
1	i spent over _num_ for new furniture .
0	the cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert .
1	this place have great selection of furniture , electronic and etc .
0	the cheesy jalapeno dip it was served with was good .
1	all-in-all , a very friendly place to get some sweet furniture .
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	also need to update or clean the furniture in your waiting room .
0	sad , very , very sad .
1	it 's a great place to buy gifts , wine , and even furniture .
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	i will never buy furniture from them again .
0	the food is pretty forgettable .
1	we have purchased quite a few items from furniture express and love each item .
0	_num_ .
1	buying the rest of my furniture online now from a website instead .
0	what i received reminded me of mrs grass soup .
1	oak for less has beautiful furniture and great prices .
0	plus , cold rude staff .
1	the furniture was dirty and at least _num_ years old .
0	total for the above was $ _num_ !
1	they seem to always have their furniture on sale as well .
0	but i did n't have a problem with that .
1	the pool furniture is dirty , broken , and gross .
0	the only people getting help in there tonight were two other guys .
1	the quality of furniture is not very good when considering the pricing .
0	food is very cheap though .
1	the rooms were clean , and all of the furniture was very new .
0	it does n't work .
1	i 'm a customer that has decorated my whole home with pottery barn furniture .
0	after an hour of waiting , i called to check on our order .
1	i would never recommend to anybody this office furniture store to do business .
0	she was unprofessional and downright nasty .
1	seriously , it is one of the best places for furniture .
0	horrible , horrible company .
1	cheap plastic furniture starts it off .
0	not crowded but service was quite slow so i took off a star .
1	best place to go for any baby and kid furniture or toys .
0	and everything is ala carte !
1	i would highly recommend furniture express to all my friends .
0	it was just average , nothing special .
1	imagine walking into a house with stained furniture and a faint , unpleasant smell .
0	just this last episode that has to deal with an inspection has me annoyed !
1	sell your furniture or pay anyone off the street before calling these guys .
0	none at all .
1	household items and furniture are usually in good shape and tend to move quickly .
0	biggest waste of money !
1	unfortunately there is not a large selection of modern furniture in phoenix .
0	plus , the staff is rude .
1	the furniture is of exceptional quality and well worth the price .
0	well , the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes .
1	only they sell new furniture instead of used cars .
0	do n't get me wrong ... the food is not atrocious .
1	ordered several pieces of furniture including a very expensive bed .
0	the drinks are not so great .
1	nice furniture horrible customer service .
0	summary : very noisy , terrible service .
1	cheap furniture and poor quality !
0	gross , gross , gross .
1	depressing and dank furniture .
0	but there 's nothing special about this place .
1	this is used furniture .
0	even whole foods is less expensive .
1	three of my large furniture pieces were damaged .
0	needless to say , we wo n't be going back for quite some time !
1	great furniture .
0	their food , service , and hours are inconsistent .
1	i would suggest really giving the furniture a once over before they leave .
0	the chicken piccata was flavorful , but not as expected .
1	and the best part , no additional fee for moving my furniture .
0	you 're not doing as any favors by staying here .
1	i paid walker furniture $ _num_ for nothing .
0	holy ... cannoli ... get me out of here !
1	we have gone to walker furniture before and have never had a problem before .
0	half the sandwich falls out while your eating .
1	this is the second time i have bought furniture from creative leather .
0	i just do n't understand how anyone can like this place .
1	i recently bought a table set from quality furniture .
0	do not go here for waxing !
1	the bar chairs and tables looked like patio furniture that desperately needs replace .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	i was very happy with my furniture from ashley .
0	i do n't quite trust anybody else to help me properly .
1	i tried to purchase patio furniture covers using a gift card over the phone .
0	mediocre at best .
1	`` quality of furniture is really nice .
0	when it did , it looked ok .
1	they took very good care when moving my furniture .
0	did not like it .
1	the furniture manager is a fool .
0	will never go back to that place again .
1	i would never buy another piece of furniture from them again !
0	i was less than impressed .
1	i highly recommend getting your furniture here !
0	while sitting there we noticed _num_ other parties walked out as well .
1	this store has furniture , clothing and jewelry ... a girls dream store !
0	bad decision .
1	i will travel to hickory furniture outlets to get better quality furniture next time !
0	never going back to pf changs .
1	great little place with cute and comfy furniture .
0	so disappointed !
1	best selection of gigantic , unique pieces of furniture .
0	we probably wo n't be back any time soon .
1	the condition of the furniture was completely unacceptable .
0	needless to say i refused to pay for them .
1	do n't be fooled by the nice looking furniture .
0	not measured correctly - very angry !
1	the furniture is gorgeous and it came exactly on time .
0	and they smoke around the food .
1	i 've never had such terrible service and poor quality of furniture .
0	but it was not the dress she ordered .
1	the prices are soooo reasonable and the furniture and accessories are great !
0	i wish i had read their reviews prior to going .
1	if you are looking for contemporary furniture , this is the place to go !
0	i could n't even taste garlic in it .
1	this place is like the used car dealership of furniture stores .
0	all that money spent elsewhere because of one power trip .
1	ashley furniture will get my business from now on .
0	the shop is n't that great anyway .
1	worth it considering low prices they give you on furniture .
0	when my dish comes out , it 's literally just steamed veggies and rice .
1	more furniture is the best furniture store in the valley .
0	they get two for the great service but everything else was not so good .
1	low rating due to customer service issues not furniture .
0	it was late and on the way home with nothing at home to eat .
1	selection of furniture was not great .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	ridiculously great prices on some really cool furniture and accessories .
0	couple of years ago more orders were found to be overcooked and less meaty .
1	furniture was very dated .
0	overpriced snacks , and the sound on the movie was awful .
1	high quality furniture , well built , and i was treated so well .
0	this showmars used to be awesome .
1	they do not clean their own furniture and floor .
0	for me the food was terrible .
1	there is outdated furniture and decor .
0	good groupon deal but terrible food - will not be back .
1	holes in wallpaper , stains on carpet and furniture .
0	i understand , you ca n't try them all .
1	they did have some outdoor patio furniture , that seemed reasonably priced .
0	this seemed quite bizarre .
1	love my new furniture !
0	it sits in the warmer cases , and looks `` crusty '' .
1	the place looked like a furniture store with less than half the tables occupied .
0	nothing special .
1	nice folks in furniture section .
0	bad idea .
1	i do not like walker furniture .
0	needless to say .
1	the carpets are filthy everything , kitchen cabinet , furniture looks old and worn .
0	just bad service .
1	i am so pleased with the wide variety of furniture .
0	i 'm very disappointed .
1	the furniture is all very dirty .
0	just a mess .
1	just got our furniture settled and it 's lovely .
0	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
1	thank you ashley furniture !
0	pizza is pretty bland and there is nothing remarkable about it .
1	clean store , good selection , and the have a furniture section to boot .
0	i really hate this place .
1	so if you 're looking for furniture la z boy is a must !
0	it took _num_ minutes just to get our waters .
1	the furniture is worn and dirty .
0	with all of the fabulous choices in the south hills , pick another destination .
1	they wrapped all my furniture and packed it carefully .
0	it 's hard to beat the atmosphere of this place in the summer .
1	i wo n't purchase from ashley furniture again .
0	well , this place is beyond horrible .
1	returning the furniture just to not deal with them anymore .
0	to me , that is beyond ridiculous .
1	wood furniture is ok , otherwise a _num_ star review .
0	the menu is blah and the food is also .
1	furniture was old and worn .
0	at times we could barely hear ourselves think , let alone hear each other .
1	this review is not for the furniture , it 's for the service .
0	attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this `` employee . ''
1	spend the extra money and purchase your furniture from somewhere else !
0	he did not look us in the eye and was just overall awkward .
1	very happy with the new furniture .
0	the horrible location ?
1	in fact faux wood furniture all around .
0	disgusting .
1	the mall ring circle , henderson , nv delivered _num_ damaged pieces of furniture .
0	needless to say we left , and we will not be going back .
1	do not buy from walker furniture .
0	terrible service , rude staff .
1	but as for east valley location ... awesome furniture , prices , and people .
0	service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly .
1	definitely the best customer service i have got at a furniture store .
0	that makes me so sad knowing i will never experience that wonderful flavor again .
1	it makes me never want to buy furniture again .
0	cigarettes are not a replacement for tea bags !
1	the quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor .
0	the fitness center lacks a fan , so working out gets too hot .
1	they never were opened and nothing was applied to the furniture .
0	our bill was over $ _num_ .
1	the furniture is ultra modern and classy without being over the top .
0	the last visit last night was the third strike and sw is out !
1	the quality of furniture is _num_ % great .
0	they literally just threw the wings in the fryer and delivered it to us .
1	quality furniture and design pieces which are mostly worth the higher consignment pricing .
0	the restaurant was by no means crowded ( this was a sunday ) .
1	i recommend this store to anyone who is looking for furniture .
0	two hours and i 'm still waiting on a slow sunday night .
1	if you are looking for great prices on great furniture go here !
0	disappointing experience after almost a year since the last time i was here .
1	great store , really clean with nice furniture .
0	needless to say we wo n't be back !
1	its gross , old , and ruined furniture .
0	had no desire to eat throughout the day .
1	this is a great furniture store .
0	i can easily say this is the worst indian food i have ever eaten .
1	atmosphere , furniture was an improvement .
0	it 's come to the point that i avoid this place if i can .
1	they have really nice quality furniture for a good price .
0	take the extra _num_ minutes to drive to the south hills location .
1	great place to take old furniture .
0	lamb chops and shrimp pasta were just ok.
1	to any customers looking to try this furniture store stop while your still ahead !
0	waste of time .
1	love the service , and furniture !
0	we had no silverware , had to request it repeatedly .
1	seriously what is it with furniture salesmen , they 're just like car salesmen !
0	for one , the service was terrible .
1	the furniture is actually not bad , but the sales people drive me insane .
0	at that point i would 've just taken a plain biscuit !
1	the furniture was not even delivered until 2pm that afternoon .
0	i had kung pao chicken and got really bad food poisoning .
1	decent furniture but wow was i disappointed by the payment process .
0	i probably wo n't return .
1	the furniture was chipped and the walls were dingy .
0	i never felt so ripped off .
1	beautiful southwest style lobby and furniture everywhere .
0	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
1	this furniture store is packed with mirrors , beds and an old world vibe .
0	absolute thieves and liars .
1	no patio furniture on the patio , a little strange .
0	there was only _num_ bartender working so the service was a little slow .
1	originally our furniture was to take six weeks for delivery .
0	horrible !
1	the furniture is shabby dirty and old .
0	the service was also extremely slow .
1	walker furniture lack of professionalism and customer service is second to none .
0	um , i 'm not asking you to help me sort things .
1	also , do n't buy the furniture insurance here .
0	i was livid and called to complain .
1	there were so many furniture store in the area , i quickly left .
0	the worst of it is the damage caused by being over processed .
1	very old furniture .
0	service is not friendly .
1	false advertising on patio furniture .
0	we tried to nap but simply could n't .
1	the furniture could use updating .
0	go for drinks and nothing more .
1	walker furniture has the absolute worst customer service ever !
0	our server was nice , but not attentive at all .
1	the furniture is sleek , stylish , and comfortable .
0	we ordered the filet mignon with chicken hibachi .
1	nice furniture but mediocre service .
0	the only thing i found good was the plain rice .
1	put your money to better use and buy your furniture elsewhere .
0	i felt horrible .
1	all the furniture and linens smell like cigarette smoke .
0	the worst dental experience of my life .
1	the installers were polite and really took extra care moving and replacing our furniture .
0	third sign i chose to ignore .
1	there 's some great furniture and the name says it all fiesta .
0	changed too seem to be the quality of the steaks .
1	we have purchased furniture from ashley several times and have always been happy .
0	but i placed the order online , then i am on hold again .
1	the service was n't very good either granted it is a furniture store though .
0	i ordered the lemon grass soup with shrimp and the papaya salad .
1	we had gotten rid of our furniture so we have a empty family room .
0	this place has ok food and bad customer service .
1	what a fantastic range in inventory , for a furniture store .
0	okay , but wo n't be going back soon .
1	the furniture offerings are great and the staff is always helpful .
0	we finished our dumplings .
1	this place has some fantastic looking outdoor furniture .
0	unfortunately , our experience was dreadful .
1	we are not hard on furniture .
0	it 's hit or miss with this place , but mostly a miss .
1	they had no furniture and could n't speak english .
0	couple weeks later , no phone call .
1	adobe has done furniture cleaning for me before .
0	i could barely eat the salad .
1	walls and furniture were in rough shape .
0	we walked in and waited to be sat .
1	furniture , electronics , appliances and flooring in one location ?
0	my experience here was terrible .
1	sure there are things that you order ( furniture lighting etc ) .
0	she could n't tell me how much longer we would wait .
1	the bed was comfortable along with the furniture .
0	absolutely no problems .
1	recently purchased new furniture when i moved to henderson .
0	they just wanted to work , i guess .
1	the guy above me sounded like he was moving furniture until _num_ am .
0	the bartenders attitude were like `` we r annoyed cause we r there '' .
1	beautiful furniture .
0	too bad the food was n't good .
1	their furniture seem old when you sit you sink in .
0	our expectations were not too high and the restaurant delivered just that .
1	do yourself a favor do not buy from ashley furniture !
0	horrible horrible service .
1	doors locked , no furniture inside .
0	you are better off going to another nearby dry cleaner .
1	great quality furniture .
0	they were packed and could n't keep enough food out .
1	the bed was a joke , the furniture was very old .
0	i waited about _num_ mins and still no menu .
1	the furniture in the lobby is disgusting and dirty .
0	the desk ) until i 've given the room the all clear .
1	it took _num_ 1/2 months for my office furniture to arrive .
0	then the waitress asked me if i knew the chicken itself was spicy .
1	nice furniture at reasonable prices .
0	the `` customer '' service and pharmacy are terrible at this location !
1	again , they were courteous and very careful in the handling of our furniture .
0	i 'm glad i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
1	i can find quality furniture elsewhere with better service .
0	and never refilled our empty water glasses .
1	nice furniture and a knowledgable friendly sales person but very dishonest delivery information .
0	we made the unfortunate decision to make a reservation here for a special occasion .
1	overpriced ashley furniture ... ... some made in china .
0	i had my _num_ year old with me and i 'm _num_ weeks pregnant .
1	they have my money i did not put the furniture on credit .
0	the _num_ starts are just because the broccoli looks fresh .
1	do n't buy furniture here unless you have lots of time and patience .
0	terrible .
1	furniture made today should hold up as well !
0	also , i was surprised by the limited number of seafood options .
1	i do n't even want money back , i want my furniture !
0	... seriously , how does one even mess that up ?
1	from food to furniture .
0	i 've basically been told i 'm not getting my security deposit back .
1	i walked around up to the furniture and back to the men 's section .
0	i would have been furious if i paid $ _num_ for tasteless pasta .
1	not only does the furniture look great but the quality is very good too .
0	crust not cooked enough etc i hope this is not a trend .
1	they always have very nice high end furniture as well as budget friendly items .
0	he said that he could not take it and referred me to the manager .
1	i purchased my furniture a month ago and still have not received it .
0	it is dark , so do n't expect to take any good photos .
1	great place to buy any piece of furniture .
0	my girlfriend had a similarly bland meal .
1	my recommendation is never purchase anything from ashley furniture home store .
0	will take my money elsewhere .
1	ambiance was nice but a little dated in the lighting and furniture .
0	monday , tuesday and wednesday came and went .
1	they drove it off the truck with all my furniture .
0	the workers do n't seem to care about how long it takes to wait .
1	this is by far the absolute worst furniture experience i have encountered .
0	that 's the only reason why i gave them such a poor mark .
1	we received our furniture and household goods on the day promised .
0	all in all , this place just needs a bit of organization .
1	no patio furniture - as all the hotel photos suggest .
0	worst service of all time .
1	furniture treasure hunting heaven with a great selection and the best service ever !
0	we called about the issue and they sent someone over right away .
1	see ashley furniture sahara review for more details .
0	had such high hopes for this place on our visit to pittsburgh .
1	i 've purchased ashley furniture before and was a happy customer .
0	there were five very small shrimp on the plate .
1	i loved all the furniture here .
0	the caesar salad was fine , but not inspiring .
1	ultra modern , edgy furniture .
0	after a few phone calls later , no shirts , no suits .
1	pick-up fee but if the furniture sells , it should be refunded .
0	under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order .
1	i really hate furniture shopping at these types of stores .
0	its not very good at all .
1	furniture affair is awesome !
0	on top of that the cake was n't even fresh .
1	i feel they have decent quality furniture @ decent price .
0	slow service , horrible , horrible food .
1	i walked in and looked at all the furniture .
0	owner takes no responsibility for ruining clothing .
1	so i spent my $ _num_ at ashley furniture .
