0	food ok but service ... ... horrible !
1	i got the lobster roll and was really disappointed .
0	i dread it at this point .
1	the _num_ of us got to bar louie at 8:30 .
0	if you want terrible pizza go here .
1	worst brazilian wax i have ever gotten .
0	brandy was the worst .
1	i do n't normally get my beer from there .
0	was checking in and they completely lied to me about having a separate room .
1	he got our salsa order wrong so needless to say , we left .
0	bingo , could n't have said it better .
1	waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks .
0	meaning , i never saw her full face .
1	i ordered a drink _num_ times and never got it .
0	_num_ .
1	coming here you get the feeling they have n't changed much .
0	had to wait _num_ minutes before our waiter to even acknowledge us .
1	ok , i get it , your busy .
0	do n't understand how anyone could give this place a favorable rating .
1	but i 'm not liking the effect i 'm getting right now .
0	way too over priced .
1	i got nowhere until i asked that a count of the register receipts .
0	i warn you dear pirates -- it wo n't be pretty .
1	i did n't even know you could get canned green bell peppers .
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	it took about _num_ minutes , minimum , to get our first drinks .
0	service , small selection and mediocre food .
1	no one has gotten back to me yet .
0	i 've went for _num_ years now waiting for it to become something good .
1	you 'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it .
0	just checked it out for the first time .
1	it 's been a tremendous ordeal to get it fixed .
0	crappy 's is more like it ... sorry i could not resist !
1	but i do n't get it .
0	extremely slow service and a rude waitress on top of it .
1	it is difficult to get under my skin .
0	i would n't take somewhere here as a pittsburgh destination though .
1	repeated my order _num_ times and it still got screwed up .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	it took so long to get , we just left .
0	looked like a bunch of fruit flies made their way into the soup .
1	i 'm not paying $ _num_ to get rushed service .
0	slow service and a mediocre meal .
1	what we got at long last was so disappointing .
0	the manager claims he is very helpful ?
1	here 's where it gets bad .
0	as for the atmosphere , not a big deal for me .
1	after what seemed like forever , my husband got up to find a server .
0	and , a table of _num_ leaving and all paying separately .
1	i get there , look at their giant selection and get excited .
0	it went to voice mail , so i left a message .
1	i got home and no extra sides .
0	it seems as if this place is now more hit or miss .
1	okay , i get it , they work on commission , but seriously .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	then , my brother got the prosciutto and arugula pizza .
0	rooms were clean and the amenities were fine .
1	just getting our drinks out was confusing .
0	even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us .
1	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
0	not a good start .
1	get your hosts and servers on the same page !
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	my boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and i got a cheddar burger .
0	was n't impressed .
1	i did not , however get the best .
0	the waitstaff saw what was happening and did n't care at all .
1	unfortunately what i got tasted like a canned sauce with minced onions .
0	the absolute worst service i have ever had at any bar or restaraunt .
1	overall , i 've got no complaints about the food .
0	i ca n't say the food is bad .
1	however , when we got there the buffet was well picked over .
0	i 'm still waiting to find out what ate me up !
1	service gets _num_ stars and food gets _num_ stars .
0	still , i think there are newer hotels that provide the same .
1	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	the remaining slices got tossed in the garbage .
0	it was not flavorful or moist nor worth the calories .
1	i do n't get this place .
0	seems like she do n't wanted to take care of the customers .
1	they get maximum money for average seafood ( or anything else ) .
0	they had a dj so there was a cover of $ _num_ - boo !
1	deciding not to get it , i placed it on a near by shelf .
0	crust not cooked enough etc i hope this is not a trend .
1	it took _num_ minutes to get someone to take the bill .
0	yes bread , this is not your best .
1	then when i got it , it was cold !
0	we left hungry and disappointed .
1	came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service .
0	overall , my experience was okay .
1	the variety of sauces is what gets me to come back .
0	i could n't even pick them up .
1	i had to walk inside to get my check and then pay it .
0	i do not recommend .
1	naturally , i get an automatic voicemail .
0	sunday went by then monday went by .
1	sometime you just get one that is n't .
0	and then it was only because we flagged someone down .
1	i keep giving them another chance and i keep getting disappointed .
0	the following week , they would call me back .
1	i do not get the hype behind this place .
0	also questionable tofu in the vegetarian spring rolls .
1	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
0	my gut just tells me not to trust e 'n ps .
1	all i have to say is get your crap together .
0	ca n't wait till google comes to save us .
1	waited _num_ minutes for drink , waitress got my order wrong .
0	off to sams ... .
1	but as long as they got their money ; they could give a crap .
0	it was not even $ _num_ including se day shipping !
1	i did n't get sick from it , so that 's a bonus .
0	not personal at all strictly business .
1	_num_ mins later we get our refills .
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	we also did n't get straws , or utensils for our food .
0	rude , unfriendly , just a miserable male server .
1	we got the scallop appetizer and it was to die for !
0	overall , my haircuts were never good .
1	the free breakfast is as bad as it gets .
0	by this point we 've been waiting for _num_ minutes .
1	i 've basically been told i 'm not getting my security deposit back .
0	_num_ .
1	i am just hoping that i do n't get food poisoning later tonight .
0	nothing has changed .
1	it took _num_ minutes just to get our waters .
0	wrong .
1	i got a fill and a fix because i broke a nail .
0	this is not ihop quality food .
1	the service did n't get any better .
0	this rink just did n't blow my mind .
1	the waitress was slow getting around to us .
0	friday night is apparently not the night to go .
1	when we got to the table , we were hoping for a better experience .
0	glad this is all over .
1	however , from the get go , our host was absolutely terrible .
0	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
1	just clear me out and get on with the next one .
0	there are plenty of other bridal salons that would be much nicer and accommodating .
1	it was like getting waited on by 1st job people .
0	so why my low score ?
1	furthermore , it took forever just to get our waitress 's attention .
0	the menu was very very small .
1	i was quoted $ _num_ for them to get it off .
0	i will likely not give them my business again .
1	however , each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller .
0	after about _num_ minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly .
1	not even to just get drinks or an appetizer ordered .
0	sucks .
1	did n't even get time under the warmer .
0	bed bugs would n't believe me i had to show my bite marks .
1	so when i got back to the office , i went online and checked .
0	the uptown location is awful .
1	i 'm sorry , but you get one star for that .
0	maybe part of the problem was expectations ?
1	we 'll feed these to our dogs when we get home .
0	do you ever leave a place and feel exhausted ?
1	if you 're not getting that , do n't bother .
0	if it is busy expect to be treated poorly .
1	hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain .
0	management very rude and customer service is very poor .
1	fortunately , i 'd gotten that info when i ordered .
0	not going back .
1	he told me i had about _num_ minutes to get it .
0	the spaghetti tasted no different than boxed pasta .
1	really , you do n't get much for what you pay for at panera .
0	stuffed mushrooms , but my seafood pasta just came up bland and too oily .
1	it was n't overly crowded which made it easy to get drinks .
0	too bad .
1	my friend got an italian sub that was ok .
0	service here on a saturday night was atrocious .
1	but got the invoice three days before i got the estimate .
0	this place is extremely overrated .
1	i ended up getting probably the worst haircut i 'd had in _num_ years .
0	service is n't that great either .
1	paid for the lousy $ _num_ beer and got up .
0	the only thing they did n't want to do was flush my brake fluid .
1	i do n't get it .
0	it was god awful .
1	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
0	this is by far the worst chinese food i have ever had .
1	it was like getting a shitty breakfast in a local sub dive bar .
0	bad service all around !
1	did n't get any refills .
0	ca n't give this place anything lower than _num_ star .
1	we would be paying several hundred dollars to get the doors installed .
0	it was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice !
1	the fourth got his about _num_ minutes later and his food was terrible .
0	the prime rib was overcooked and dry .
1	so i wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff .
0	our waitress did not seem very enthusiastic .
1	there was some improvement for awhile , but it has gotten worse .
0	why would they want to risk a customer not coming back .
1	you may even get a nasty look , yikes !
0	how utterly disgusted i was with it .
1	why would you not just get our drinks ?
0	my appointment was at 8:30 am , i was on time .
1	asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one .
0	but damn , i was hungry !
1	just get fries and coleslaw and put it in your sandwich .
0	_num_ .
1	i just do n't get why the floor is like and ice skating rink .
0	the restaurant is located in a tired part of town .
1	i only returned because i was getting my dog groomed at the nearby petco .
0	i dined at morton 's last night jan _num_ , _num_ .
1	i also got a _num_ pack that cost _num_ dollars .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
0	- none of the food was super awesome .
1	i felt sick before i got halfway through it .
0	it was a disgrace .
1	i did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left .
0	probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	never did get a refill on iced tea .
0	i ordered a hamburger with fries for $ _num_ .
1	so after several more wrong turns we finally get home .
0	let me just say that this used to be a place i loved .
1	what i got was about _num_ inches taken off and no layers .
0	i called & talked to manger as soon as i saw the bites .
1	got a bang trim , a low # _num_ cut , and a wash .
0	_num_ woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable .
1	i will not get anything from there again .
0	i wish there were zero stars .
1	on our last visit it took us _num_ minutes to get our waitresses attention .
0	i tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment .
1	it 's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store .
0	service is slow and horrible .
1	the last _num_ hoagies i 've gotten here is again only mediocre .
0	we ate two each , then told the server we did n't want them .
1	i got food poisoning and was so sick .
0	it was pretty busy and there were people everywhere .
1	as others have said you never know what kind of service you will get .
0	the shrimp grits was disgusting as well .
1	hoping to get a different vet next time i took my other cat there .
0	another employee tried to help me fix it and screwed that up too .
1	we also got a chicken ranch flat bread and this left us disappointed .
0	cheap food but my chicken was burnt .
1	well , it does get one from point a to point b in pittsburgh .
0	a group was sat without the reservation ahead of us .
1	when i got home they did n't give me my kids meals .
0	the hush puppies were spot on .
1	because you could n't fit me in within a day i get screwed ?
0	long wait time for initial service and drink refills .
1	the bathroom was so inconvenient to get in and out of .
0	everyone hates it ... and unfortunately i drive it frequently .
1	trying to get something healthy , i ordered the apple pecan salad .
0	hotel restaurants are just awful !
1	evening started pretty badly and did not get much better .
0	and the veal was dry .
1	not sure pino 's will get a repeat visit .
0	no lab coat , no name tag , no introduction , no nothing .
1	i ordered the chicken parm pasta and got it to go to my room .
0	there were no parked cars visible from the road ; and _num_ ) .
1	the lines are always long and take forever to get through .
0	there was only _num_ bartender working so the service was a little slow .
1	why did n't i have to show some email to get the free treatment ?
0	$ _num_ for _num_ '' italian and $ _num_ for _num_ '' mushroom steak .
1	we got up and walked out and will never be back .
0	i would n't order a pizza from them again .
1	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
0	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
1	very disappointed in the quality of what i got .
0	we also had a masala and that too was not great .
1	it should n't take _num_ minutes to get a dozen bagels .
0	the entrees are horrible .
1	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
0	_num_ ) the owner is pushy .
1	that 's probably how they got so sick !
0	it 's a shame , because it was a beautiful gift .
1	we finally got our money back , we did n't even eat the food .
0	this used to be one of my favorite thrift stores .
1	do n't get the salmon or tuna steak .
0	poor service , menu options not available , dirty utensils .
1	you will only get frustrated with the slow as hell service .
0	on multiple occasions in the past , i have ordered hoagies from ron 's .
1	i did n't think it could get any worse ... .
0	a little seasoning ( salt , pepper ? )
1	every single time i go through the drive-thru i do n't get a straw .
0	the salads came out and the plates were a little sloppy in appearance .
1	it is cheap food , and you get what you pay for .
0	this was not a four star dining experience .
1	not a bad place to get your nails done .
0	my boyfriend had the salmon patties which he said were just ok .
1	in the end , that bridesmaid got a partial refund for the dress .
0	why did n't we just leave then .
1	i got the shrimp and veal and my veal was dry .
0	our bill was over $ _num_ .
1	this also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future .
0	the chicken in the chicken and broccoli was so small and it looked disgusting .
1	_num_ minutes to get our bread and _num_ to get our appetizers .
0	the baby starts coming out : doctors runs in my room .
1	server was prompt getting to the table , took our order and then disappeared .
0	very poor customer service , and that 's too bad .
1	all i got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless .
0	never received my order and was left in a bad mood .
1	we did n't get anything , and that was a little disappointing .
0	needless to say i refused to pay for them .
1	they did n't even get their drinks .
0	apparently this is the place to go for some good ole greasy soul food .
1	my bf got the steak with battered shrimp .
0	the bread was the worst part .
1	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
0	and the women 's locker room was nasty .
1	i get it , you wan na have a mom and pop shop .
0	the pizza was just ok .
1	i am sorry to say i did not get it .
0	sadly we were disappointed with our meal .
1	we never got a call about the reservation time which was annoying .
0	prices too high for strip district beer .
1	the bf and i got lost around pittsburgh for _num_ min .
0	it was the same bagel , they just stuck it in the microwave .
1	i could n't wait to get out of there .
0	this company is the worst to deal with .
1	getting on and off is confusing .
0	here is where my mistake happened .
1	it was another _num_ before i got my food .
0	do n't you care about your reputation and good name ?
1	the service was terrible , took _num_ min to get a water .
0	does n't even taste good as american style chinese food .
1	was so excited to get your pizza today .
0	the third haircut was just awful : styled awful , looked strange .
1	however it wasnt until half way through my appointment that i got it .
0	decor and service were just fine , no issues there .
1	overall , this place gets a _num_ stars .
0	i 'm glad i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
1	and that , sir , is why you got a $ _num_ tip !
0	there are no hotel signs ; _num_ ) .
1	- the fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here .
0	do n't waste your time or money at this denny 's .
1	i 'll be honest , i just do n't get it .
0	the pizza was cut all messed up as well .
1	it is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well .
0	this is absolutely the worst place i 've ever been to .
1	i was hung up on twice before i could even get my order out .
0	6am is too early for her . ''
1	getting those taken off was another huge inconvenience to our poor server .
0	needless to say , she would n't leave us alone .
1	for something that took so long to get it should have been hot .
0	the restaurant was n't even half full .
1	so incompetent i did not even get a chance to rate the actual service .
0	first , we were disappointed by how many places were closed on a sunday .
1	took another _num_ minutes to get the drinks .
0	pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
1	no time to get additional fabric .
0	i will not be back .
1	my soul purpose to coming here was to get my license picture taken .
0	apparently my empty glass was n't enough of a visual cue .
1	the employees are nice but i get the sense it 's managed terribly .
0	mashed potatoes are not made from real potatoes .
1	so , i got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it .
0	also they are n't following corporate policy .
1	do n't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes .
0	then refused to call m & p to talk to the manager .
1	i waited two hours today in the freezing cold to get to work .
0	unfortunately that burger was `` _num_ 'd '' ... as was her second choice .
1	asked for risotto and got some pasta , not sure what .
0	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
1	but getting to that point was one disaster after another .
0	while waiting , i used the ladies restroom .
1	instead of the amazing tomato bread i got plain rye .
0	seriously , would it kill you to add more rice noodles ?
1	the only compensation we got were $ _num_ game cards .
0	my simple question was : do you price match to you own website ?
1	i really do n't get giant eagle .
0	the decor is very plain .
1	what i got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich .
0	and this is n't even the halfway point to philly .
1	this time i got the grilled chicken salad .
0	our food is always wrong .
1	we both got martinis and the nachos and buffalo spread apps .
0	so , yeah , the smell .
1	def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else .
0	i can guarantee you we will not be wasting our time in this theater .
1	i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
0	the chicken was crispy and to die for .
1	very rude and once they get paid have no ethics .
0	and the pedicure was really really painful !
1	unfortunately i did not get to experience these things .
0	they were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through .
1	i 've gotten my nails done quickly before though and had much better quality .
0	fairly mediocre , even by the relatively modest standards of home depot .
1	i would be happy to get my _num_ back .
0	they all looked at me , none greeted or walked toward me .
1	when we did finally get our food , it was ice cold .
0	lame .
1	it took forever to get our drinks of simply water and soda .
0	never again will i take my dog there .
1	we left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food .
0	i was _num_ minutes early for the bus i was trying to catch .
1	the only people getting help in there tonight were two other guys .
0	worst waitress ever .
1	i also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell !
0	they said they have no idea where the dogs are now .
1	i wo n't be getting one again .
0	terrible experience .
1	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction .
0	i do n't hate anything on the harris grill menu .
1	it took over _num_ minutes to get the order .
0	if you want no frills beer and bar food , they are no frills .
1	this is where i get a serious case of the sad .
