0	well this was our first attempt at this location and it was below expectations .
1	the girl that seated us was wearing extremely short shorts which was not appealing .
0	how disgusting .
1	my sales lady was helping _num_ other girls , meaning she was non existent .
0	i would probably only go again on an all-you-can-eat wings night .
1	register girls have no personality by the way .
0	it actually hurt my eyes to look at the table it was so bright .
1	the employee still had not taken the girls order yet .
0	first of all , the gym in pretty cheap .
1	girls in the front desk were extremely rude .
0	no concierge .
1	the girl i spoke to on the phone , offered to tow our truck .
0	they frequently mess up my friends orders when we go there .
1	the young girl behind the counter told me they were n't open until _num_ .
0	it was juicy and smothered in bleu cheese .
1	girl : why u want me to make it again ?
0	nothing to write home about .
1	when the girls went to lay on the sofa bed it was actually painful .
0	not very appetizing .
1	today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality .
0	well , it was overpriced and the food was terrible .
1	the girl who took the order totally go it wrong !
0	a complete waste of money , avoid at all costs .
1	the same girl came over and was like , do you have a reservation ?
0	the toast was good , but i was too full to keep eating .
1	the girls working were terribly rude and not helpful at all .
0	who knows how long that sour cream had been sitting out !
1	the girls are way less than friendly and super snobby .
0	pretty rough , but not completely unbearable .
1	the girl who was helping me showed me all the different products .
0	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
1	second time same nasty attitudes by the girl behind the counter and the owners .
0	_num_ dollars for two that i 'll never see again .
1	there were _num_ girls working the bar area and never even acknowledged my presence .
0	burgers are adequate - nothing special .
1	the servers are all young , cute girls but have n't properly been trained .
0	i did not find the venue pleasant .
1	the girl who took my payment did n't greet me .
0	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
1	and the girls working there were like laughing about it .
0	the decor was junkie and old and cluttered .
1	everyone besides the girl are very rude .
0	service was the only redeeming quality .
1	second , i walked in and two young girls were standing at the counter .
0	terrible .
1	then they kicked me out and let the girls go .
0	this is a pretty big hotel , so that is ridiculous .
1	there were _num_ girls working and me in the store .
0	but it was nothing special .
1	my husband tried to tip the stage girl and she ignored him .
0	worst parking lot in pittsburgh .
1	telling him the other girl should not have left .
0	everything was bland , nothing had seasoning , not even basic salt .
1	the _num_ little girls ordered kids meals , one of which was wrong !
0	that said ... for _num_ people , my lunch tab came to $ _num_ .
1	the girl put me on hold for _num_ minutes and forgot about me .
0	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
1	the front desk girl tried to put the red tag on my dog .
0	( that might also explain the meat being overdone ) .
1	_num_ ) the girl at the counter was rude .
0	pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or _num_ .
1	member present was a young girl not knowing what to do .
0	half the time our drinks were empty .
1	girl who answered the phone seemed lost and requested we be place on hold .
0	i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
1	the other macaroni and cheese another girl ordered was fine .
0	there is no lobby .
1	the birthday girl could n't even get a drink .
0	why did n't i get paid then ?
1	i also went downstairs where the `` girls are '' for a while too .
0	the menu says there 's a charge for fried rice instead of white .
1	the girl was extremely rude and asked me `` payments for what ? ''
0	i want so badly to like this place !
1	girl forget to give me receipt .
0	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
1	i walked in and one of the girls stared at me .
0	last week my husband and i visited pittsburgh for a rock concert .
1	no manager was available and the girl in charge did not care .
0	i asked about late hours but the latest appointment is at _num_ pm .
1	to my surprise there was no appointments scheduled for either girl !
0	other than losing your stuff , they seem like nice guys .
1	poor girl she had to work her butt off to take care of everyone .
0	i love bbb ; however , this location is terrible .
1	later on the beverage cart girl even mentioned that the pace was slow .
0	came back and dropped them off and left again .
1	the girl at the front desk was rude and seemed miserable .
0	i drove _num_ minutes for overpriced `` german '' food .
1	people around me were blown away by the `` mean girl '' performance !
0	thankfully they give it to me without further lip .
1	the girl at the counter pushed and rushed me .
0	it does n't work .
1	girl was beyond rude .
0	we will not be going back .
1	two girls with head gear of some sort were standing chatting with each other .
0	_num_ staff members yelled .
1	the girl that rang us up was less than friendly .
0	i was really disappointed .
1	front desk girl does n't acknowledge you when she checks you in .
0	she said they would n't seat them because i was n't there .
1	the front desk girls are beyond rude .
0	it really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients .
1	this girl knows rotten when she sees it .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in ages .
1	girl on the phone was very rude .
0	it was just all around bland .
1	they get _num_ stars cause of cart girl & course condition only !
0	and the underwhelming food sealed the deal .
1	a little girl , maybe _num_ , was crying for her mother .
0	not deserving of the rave reviews .
1	the girl broke one of my nails and did horrible job on my cuticles .
0	it was n't even super busy .
1	the front desk girls were not friendly or helpful as well .
0	i 've basically been told i 'm not getting my security deposit back .
1	ps - hiring high school aged girls as `` hostesses '' is almost creepy .
0	thai corn soup jumbo crab ?
1	another girl said the order must have not made it to the kitchen .
0	will not be returning .
1	check in girl was fucking rude !
0	i started with a cup of their wonton soup .
1	first off , the girl that took my order was extremely rude .
0	do not order steak or prime rib here .
1	of course the girl never bothered to apologize for the mistake .
0	he employees walk by dirty tables then people sit at them .
1	the girl doing my pedicure looked like she was high on something .
0	waitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order desserts .
1	everytime i went , the girls that worked there were great .
0	overall , the experience was horrible .
1	the girl that answers the phone is not so friendly either .
0	we did n't care for the atmosphere and did n't actually eat anything .
1	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
0	after the renovation the place lost its center !
1	but the girl seems like she does n't have enough change .
0	the pizza was just ok .
1	$ _num_ and later that night , my precious girl was gone .
0	so , he took the meals back to the kitchen .
1	this girl never checked back to see how the new order was .
0	i felt sick before i got halfway through it .
1	what goes around comes around girls .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	it became clear that my girls were correct in how they were treated .
0	he obviously did n't care at all .
1	except the two girls in the dining area setting up napkins and utensils .
0	good food , but poor service at this particular location .
1	cart girl came by once in _num_ holes .
0	mama ricotta will be a better option .
1	that girl probably just cost the restaurant thousands in future business .
0	Neutral
1	money aside , my main concern was my little girl .
0	cheap but your getting what you pay for in quality .
1	it was _num_ minutes before the `` birthday girl '' received her dinner .
0	salad came first then bruschetta ( wtf ) toast and tomatoes and cheese .
1	there were two girls at the front desk , neither could have been bothered .
0	it is just disgusting .
1	some of the girls that answer the phone have no etiquette !
0	the bread was thick and doughy ( clearly a filler ) .
1	the eastern european girl at the register is awful .
0	additionally , i was not too thrilled with the atmosphere or beer selection .
1	no security at all , just a young girl behind the front desk .
0	the host was horrendous and extremely rude .
1	the girls at the front desk are rude .
0	it 's just rolls off the tongue , does n't it ?
1	the birthday girls and the rest of the group shortly followed .
0	- and they left me hanging .
1	i pulled up to the window and the girl was completely annoyed with me .
0	the people who work here are very rude .
1	another girl , a hot blonde , was just so very very dumb .
0	this is the worst westin i 've ever stayed in .
1	the girl at the desk was nice but management seemed overwhelmed and rude .
0	gross .
1	the girl who took our order should not have been working the register .
0	it was very cold .
1	the girl stepped aside and we walked up to the hostess desk .
0	awkward .
1	girl behind the counter has no personality at all .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	too bad management has n't taught this teenage girl any customer service .
0	the restaurant was n't even half full .
1	service , felt bad for the cute girl .
0	and pittsburgh has some pretty bad chinese places .
1	one girl , kristen , is so rude it 's pathetic .
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	one of the girls literally looked at us and walked away .
0	mediocre and poorly made !
1	the girl disappeared and no worker came out for about _num_ min .
0	disgusting .
1	my girls pepper steak order had no flavor at all .
0	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
1	unhappy faces were accompanied by rude comments made by the girls checking patients out .
0	it , technically is in shadyside so your mercedes will be safe !
1	she said the other girl would be back from break in a couple minutes .
0	breakfast options in the immediate area are almost nonexistent .
1	it was the asian girl in the front who made this experience horrible .
0	this was not in the lease .
1	the girls in the office are clueless .
0	like , i was shocked by how much it tasted like nothing .
1	the girl behind the counter was not friendly at all .
0	this used to be one of our favorite restaurants .
1	when they paid for my stuff the girl pretty much threw my money down .
0	i had the walnut crusted salmon sandwich and jordan had the reuben .
1	ugly girls , no .
0	it is very disappointing after having wonderful experiences here for over _num_ decades !
1	then , these _num_ asian girls walked in .
0	some of the staff has been friendly in providing things , including shuttle rides .
1	girl at checkout asked if i found everything ok .
0	pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
1	and why was that girl at the security check point such a miserable bitch ?
0	an expensive hassle for such terrible service .
1	she could n't see the girl was _num_ ?
0	rude !
1	finally a girl walks up and _num_ seconds later were in the mall .
0	the oven was way too hot for this type of pizza .
1	no more jiffy lube for this girl !
0	for the most part they were rude and inattentive .
1	the girl could n't tell me that the first time i was here .
0	i really wanted to write a good review , but the experience was disappointing .
1	you want me to wait for this girl 's break to be over ?
0	obviously that feeling is long gone .
1	the 2nd girl came back in about _num_ seconds with my contacts .
0	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
1	the assistant mgr was the nasty girl ever .
0	smells like wet dog .
1	the best girl for toes was anna , who - unfortunately , is gone .
0	the drinks are very expensive but that 's every bar louie .
1	the girl checking me out asks if everything was ok .
0	this place has none of them .
1	the girls are long past their prime and some never has a prime .
0	fish tacos - _num_ people in our party got these .
1	ashley and the girl cashier are awful .
0	if you use a teller you get charged $ _num_ for the month .
1	from what i could tell the girls were really hot .
0	unfortunately , it is yet another example of poorly made americanized italian food .
1	my wife ordered a bowl with beef and the girl put chicken .
0	with all of the other options in the area , take your money elsewhere !
1	i feel bad for the young girl who is working by herself .
0	absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vets !
1	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
0	kind of disappointed but it was five dollars for the shrimp basket i got .
1	there were two girls there that were particularly rude .
0	horrible , rude service .
1	the girls here are downright disgusting .
0	also had to dodge many foul balls .
1	the girl insisted i must have called the wrong location by accident .
0	but with all of the strange behavior , attempts to scam us , etc .
1	the towel the girl put out had large brown stains on it !
0	to add insult to injury , the only restaurant in the hotel sucks .
1	mostly guys anyways so do n't go looking for girls either ... yikes !
0	however she charged the $ _num_ pasta trio ( which comes with desert ) .
1	girls only accepted $ _num_ lap dances on a tuesday !
0	the steak was tough and tasteless .
1	i 'm not crazy enough to allow this girl to touch me again !
0	whatever it was , it was gross .
1	the girl apologized .
0	do n't waste your time , or risk your health .
1	all those girl are now gone and the people now just suck .
0	our main dishes were equally mediocre .
1	the girl gave us _num_ honey mustard cups ( ? )
0	very disappointed that i can not be seen sooner .
1	my boyfriend introduced me and my girls to this place _num_ years ago .
0	i 'd give this store negative stars if there was an option .
1	when we tried to order the girl said they did n't have that promotion .
0	having curly hair , i 've had my fair share of terrible haircuts .
1	instead of offering napkins the girl just shut the window & turned around .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	the girls here are very poor looking , and extremely aggressive .
0	this place really did suck .
1	the girl was not focus on customer service .
0	it is unfortunate .
1	the guy was helpful , but not the tall girl .
0	both were crappy , at best .
1	i got the girl 's card but sadly lost it before making another appointment .
0	unacceptable .
1	i had an appt and the girls did not put it on the schedule .
0	she was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong .
1	the girl behind the desk told me it was $ _num_ per box .
0	we finally just walked out to go elsewhere .
1	the girls are ok but the staff is awful .
0	jimmy wan 's offers white and brown , no extra charge .
1	girl barely speaks english .
0	it 's come to the point that i avoid this place if i can .
1	even the girl behind the desk was shock with your answer toward me .
0	_num_ min from when seated . )
1	those girls working behind the counter were anything but accommodating and helpful .
0	so , my wife got up and we walked out of this place .
1	not a word to the little girl !
0	first off , it is desperately in need of some updates .
1	the girl on the phone said that someone would call me back .
0	it 's horrible .
1	super sad , been going here since i was a little girl .
0	terrible service and terrible food !
1	the girls were so-so , nothing special .
0	salad will come first , then a couple of dogs , then fries .
1	only giving _num_ star due to the kindness of the girl at the register .
0	if you 're not getting that , do n't bother .
1	beautiful girl cut my hair but again , got a terrible cut .
0	the small package was _num_ dollars .
1	the girl was so rude to her .
0	hands down , this was the worst we 've ever had .
1	she passed us off to the other girl and never looked back .
0	within twenty minutes i started to have symptoms and was sick for two days .
1	this was my first massage , my girls 2nd massage .
0	so , i decided to sit outside as i had already ordered my food .
1	girls ' night out .
0	the staff completely ignored it .
1	some cute girls , some pushy ; standard small club stuff .
0	by `` multiple times '' i mean _num_ or _num_ times .
1	i walked in _num_ girls stood behind the counter not one offered to help .
0	went in to meet some friends who 'd come in from out of town .
1	my girls dinner was _num_ !
0	this place is run by korean women who are interested in providing extra services .
1	no extra cups for me and my girl to split it into .
0	i 've been here three times and it 's been inconsistent .
1	she did n't know so she asked another girl who did n't know either .
0	so bad service .
1	girl that took our order was n't very friendly either .
0	when we got back to our hotel .
1	like _num_ dudes to one girl .
0	and the restaurant is empty !
1	turns out the other two girls that went with me had the same problem .
0	that he did n't know there was a problem ?
1	then a girl continued my bowl .
0	i have never in my life seen anything like it .
1	the problem is the resident services girl .
0	they next wanted to try my hands and i refused .
1	if i were that girl i would have quit on the spot .
0	i also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink .
1	never come back unless they fire the girl .
0	but it was not happening at this place !
1	and suggested i spend more money to have another girl wax these areas .
0	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
1	the only redeeming quality is the young girl who works here .
0	avoid if you want anything but americanized junk food .
1	the girl at the door looks out and tells me they 're closed .
0	is this what italian food in pittsburgh has come too ?
1	the girl did n't seem to happy i was checking up on it .
0	the inside of the resturant is cramped and poorly maintained .
1	it 's very disrespectful to leave _num_ girls out in _num_ degree weather .
0	slow , absolutely the worst .
1	i could n't imagine being that little girls mother and watching this happen .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	this girl needs some serious customer service training .
0	avoid this place even if free .
1	and on top of that the girls working were not friendly ... super disappointing .
0	my alfredo was tasteless .
1	the girls there are incredibly rude and incompetent .
0	wrong .
1	the girl did a really sloppy job .
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	the girl was very accommodating , so i ordered the spinach salad without bacon .
0	i should have just gone to giant eagle .
1	the miserable girl brushed my feet so hard that they were bleeding .
0	waiter clearly did not know what he was talking about .
1	she then left us to help attend _num_ other girls in the dressing rooms .
0	for a vegetarian place , there was nothing green on our plates .
1	girls at front desk are rude and short .
0	however , the service is seriously lacking .
1	these girls played for almost an hour ... it was horrible !
0	they were again completely flavorless , but warmer .
1	the girl at the counter was so rude .
0	not going for it .
1	went for lunch with _num_ of the girls .
0	especially waitress was lack of enthusiasm .
1	the younger girl did them and did a bad job .
0	on an _num_ degree day one buses heat was on full blast .
1	just a bunch of girls ( receptionists ) sitting around talking to each other .
0	really disappointed !
1	the dumb girl who answered the phone says `` no .
0	they do everything they can to charge you extra fees .
1	sad to say watching the customers was more amusing than watching the girls .
0	just awful .
1	one girl is allergic to gluten , so ordered hers wrapped in soy paper .
0	it 's slow , portions are smaller and the staff is terrible .
1	the girl at the front desk said she would leave champagne and strawberries complimentary .
0	extremely long lines , and poorly trained staff .
1	the owners were rushing our girl to hurry up .
0	make sure no flies land on your food .
1	the asian girl has never been a nice person .
0	the sad part about this is they really try .
1	four drinks and $ _num_ later at the bar ... still no girls .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	the girl who was going to do my massage came out to greet me .
0	finally they allowed me to put down cash .
1	the girls are never as hot as i expect .
0	however , i think i would try somewhere else to dine .
1	girl was rude , lazy , and ignorant .
0	the table they sat us at , smelled so badly !
1	the girl was so rude !
0	i would absolutely not return to this salon .
1	the girl behind greeted us politely and walked away .
0	i read about good stuff here but was very disappointed .
1	there was one nice girl there n wish i could remember her name .
0	ordered , is not .
1	finally one girl around the benefit counter walked up and asked .
0	probably not ordering from here again .
1	and they were exceptionally rude especially the girl at the counter !
0	i should have known better given that it only had one positive review .
1	the sale was a one day sale on girls tank dresses for $ _num_ .
0	if any of the employees would smile i would die from shock .
1	the young girl who took our order had the worst attitude .
0	so many great bakeries in pittsburgh so i would not go back .
1	the girls were nice but my make up sucked .
