0	no meat in any of the _num_ pastas .
1	i ai n't going back where they treat customers like that .
0	my main complaint with them is that they lied to me .
1	after my visit last night , i have no desire to ever go again .
0	we wo n't be back to this one .
1	used to go there for tires , brakes , etc .
0	please do not give them business .
1	go to any other pharmacy in town , avoid giant eagle .
0	i would rather have eaten a mcdonald 's burger and fries .
1	it looked like it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
0	they charge me for things that they do n't have .
1	service here has gone considerably downhill .
0	at _num_ pm i asked for my car .
1	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
0	service was indifferent , at best .
1	we finally just walked out to go elsewhere .
0	disappointing at every turn .
1	do not go here -- find another dentist .
0	they 'll try to hit you with a bunch of unnecessary repairs .
1	i explained to her that this has been going on for weeks .
0	described as being served with butternut squash , brussel sprouts and cauliflower .
1	i am definitely not going to the place again .
0	i can not recommend this salon .
1	we will not be going back !
0	you also used pay phones because you did n't have a cell phone .
1	go somewhere else for lunch , there are many better options in the area .
0	she told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side .
1	i never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members .
0	this was the most absurd display at a restaurant i have ever seen .
1	_num_ minutes later my date had finished his meal and my fries were gone .
0	i ca n't believe this place has n't been reviewed .
1	i needed a cut so i went for it anyway .
0	i have eaten here before and never had any problems .
1	this would easy go for $ _num_ at other places during lunch .
0	trying to get something healthy , i ordered the apple pecan salad .
1	when i told people i was going to pittsburgh , everyone recommended primanti bros .
0	... can you call back later , i 'm really busy . ''
1	she went ahead started to cut my bang after looking at it .
0	it was not my pillow .
1	however , from the get go , our host was absolutely terrible .
0	ugh .
1	we were willing to try again , so we went for dinner tonight .
0	i really , really wanted to like this place .
1	i wasted my money , and i will never , ever go back there .
0	my boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and i got a cheddar burger .
1	she then starts up the stairs and says `` no go upstairs . ''
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	i 'm no longer going back .
0	service was n't too bad - nice people .
1	i 'm very disappointed to say this place has gone down hill .
0	not a fan of the service .
1	needless to say , will be my last time going there .
0	yes bread , this is not your best .
1	if i wanted a microwave omelet i would have gone to burger king .
0	not worth it .
1	either way , on a saturday night , i would n't recommend going here .
0	we always took the trash out .
1	i would not recommend anybody go .
0	terribly ran !
1	overall , i would n't go back .
0	i could n't believe they tried to pass that off as a steak .
1	plus , _num_ of the new tires went flat within _num_ weeks .
0	no meat .
1	i was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone .
0	worst mcdonalds !
1	i do n't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid .
0	at that point i would 've just taken a plain biscuit !
1	long story short , i wo n't go back .
0	i wo n't be getting one again .
1	this place has gone downhill tremendously .
0	never , ever use these incompetent people for property management .
1	if you want terrible pizza go here .
0	no offer to adjust my membership so i ask for $ _num_ refund .
1	sorry to see this place go down hill .
0	the place was totally dusty and there was no ac .
1	i recently went into this eat n park and had a horrible experience .
0	he said , `` just grab your registration and come on in . ''
1	so i then went on to tell her what i wanted on my burger .
0	i warn you dear pirates -- it wo n't be pretty .
1	needless to say we left , and we will not be going back .
0	the golden palace buffet is bad , but at least edible .
1	i would n't go back .
0	i would not bring a spider there .
1	i you want chinese go to how lee , or china palace .
0	wan 's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with _num_ other friends .
1	went to this place for lunch last saturday , party of five .
0	the washer and dryer was old .
1	i guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it .
0	this place was terrible .
1	no greeter so we were n't sure where to go .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	always seem to be people going in and out .
0	it was dark and crowded ( and a little bit dingy ) .
1	i am definitely not going back to complete the transaction .
0	well , this too was a massive disappointment .
1	was going to try the buffalo pizza .
0	do they not make fresh brew coffee .
1	it went to voice mail , so i left a message .
0	for pamela 's , we gave it a shot .
1	maybe we just went to the wrong primanti bros location .
0	no refills , no checks on the food , nothing .
1	but then two waitresses kept coming and going without even looking at me .
0	you treat the employees like dogs - like one level above dirt .
1	i will not be going back .
0	food was not worth the wait .
1	okay , i 'm going to a negative place right now ... .
0	i wish i could give a no star review for this location .
1	off to star nails we went .
0	the restaurant is the worst .
1	no longer going to try .
0	some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
1	i immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again mia .
0	pittsburgh is known for their worst transportation !
1	this place has really gone down hill in the past 3-4 years .
0	it was just me and my mom and i just wanted to browse .
1	food was fine , wo n't go back for fear of the server .
0	not surprisingly , we left without purchasing anything .
1	needless to say , i will never be going here again .
0	worst experience in a long time .
1	i would always suggest it when friends asked me where to go .
0	ordered the eggplant with shrimp , veggie fried rice , and chicken satay .
1	so i went back first thing the next day , and showed the tailor .
0	wish there was a choice of no stars .
1	like who goes from _num_ 's to _num_ 's in _num_ days ?
0	all i could taste was citrus .
1	every single time i go through the drive-thru i do n't get a straw .
0	i 'll spend my money elsewhere !
1	went to barnes and noble waterfront with _num_ books on my list .
0	_num_ .
1	i only go there when dragged by coworkers .
0	so painful !
1	went there last night about 5:30 , the place was maybe half full .
0	two cups of coffee per room per day , extras can be purchased .
1	i 'll go back for the scallops , but would n't recommend anything else .
0	they charge like $ _num_ for this , which is a complete ripoff .
1	does n't matter what time we go .
0	waitress did apologize for cup but it was too late - chose to leave .
1	went with _num_ others for a weeknight dinner .
0	i did n't think it could get any worse ... .
1	will never go back !
0	overall , haircut & style = _num_ stars .
1	it 's definitely gone downhill .
0	our food tasted frozen and overcooked .
1	do n't go here for anything but the walls and music .
0	none of the pastas had any flavor .
1	i will never go there again , and i recommend you do n't either .
0	she did n't rush us , and made good wine recommendations .
1	waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks .
0	- the fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here .
1	only reason i would go back is speed .
0	no chicken .
1	go to meat & potatoes instead , and order a sandwich there .
0	it was n't bad , just nothing great .
1	you 're not going every which way to try and find things .
0	so disappointed .
1	i wo n't go back .
0	not same price .
1	i 'd go back for bottled beer , that 's about it .
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	good food , but i wo n't be in a hurry to go back .
0	nope , wo n't be back .
1	tonight , we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer .
0	would n't come here again .
1	i will not go back again .
0	not good .
1	if i were to go back , it certainly would not be to eat .
0	another $ _num_ .
1	i was going to have so much done , too !
0	i thought it was a bit too much .
1	this place has gone significantly down hill .
0	we both threw down a brew nasty , paid and left .
1	wake up or you are going to lose your business .
0	very unappetizing and i was unable to continue eating .
1	would i go back again ?
0	even worse , no seasoning whatsoever .
1	going downhill ... ... man , what happened to this place ?
0	what i got was dry and totally tasteless .
1	their salads and breadsticks are the only real reason to go there anymore ... !
0	extremely disappointed in this dish .
1	we are never going back .
0	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
1	went for a friend 's birthday and had the worst experience ever .
0	no sodas .
1	if you like sandwiches with french fries piled on them , go for it .
0	lobster roll was dry and salty .
1	if you are going to order something , i would go with the pizza .
0	the only option for brunch is to get the buffet .
1	based on this experience , i would not go back .
0	thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back .
1	only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it !
0	the rating is not for the appetizer , like i said things happen .
1	we are not going back .
0	mine were n't made because they had the wrong size lens .
1	we tried going early , late -- it never made any difference .
0	can i give this place zero stars ?
1	anyway , i 'm never going back here .
0	we were both craving seafood , and had never been here before .
1	would not go back and would not recommend this place to anyone .
0	she brought a pile of beverage napkins .
1	$ _num_ a week plus gone from them .
0	all things told , though , i would spend my money elsewhere .
1	totally not worth it , unless you just go for the fries and drinks .
0	i 've had a lot of bad experiences at this store .
1	many people told me to go here and i was totally disappointed !
0	neither one greeted me or asked me what i would have like to order .
1	i doubt we will go back , too many other choices .
0	!
1	guests always mention they ca n't wait to try go here .
0	and when i say smothered here , this is not a good thing .
1	needless to say we will never go there again .
0	lidia 's was one of our favorite italian restaurant in the city .
1	then the other day , we went back and i tried pizza .
0	he told me i had about _num_ minutes to get it .
1	i 'm never going back , and you should n't either .
0	had to argue with staff that a martini does not only have two ounces !
1	i 've been going to this bar randomly over the last _num_ years .
0	_num_ hour later it was completed .
1	i will never go back to that place again .
0	they seem overpriced , too .
1	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
0	i asked for a pen , not a kidney .
1	but do n't go for the menu .
0	after almost an hour of waiting , i still had no pizza .
1	we will still go here just not try to eat .
0	ordered at order here sign .
1	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
0	not worth the attitude of the staff .
1	would n't go back .
0	veterans beware !
1	no one should have to go thru what i am currently going thru .
0	disappointment .
1	not going back .
0	no complaints .
1	never going back to pf changs .
0	however , food wise , it was just ok and a bit disappointing .
1	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
0	three strikes jackson 's , you wo n't see me again .
1	i would n't go there again .
0	6am is too early for her . ''
1	sadly really went downhill .
0	we did n't do the lay river however because the lines were ridiculous .
1	unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight .
0	maybe those light fixtures would have tasted better than the lasagna ?
1	sub par at best , go to any of the other big burrito restaurants .
0	surprised someone has n't been hurt yet .
1	pizza , sandwiches , beer , what could go wrong ?
0	the bread was the worst part .
1	just go elsewhere .
0	the food here is ok but not worth the price .
1	never going back again and i would advise against master muffler to all others .
0	truly , if at all possible , avoid her !
1	would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
0	also , not one of us got ours cooked as ordered .
1	i would not go out of my way or tell friends about this place .
0	absolutely the worst sushi my husband and i have ever had .
1	wo n't be going back .
0	no return call either .
1	each time , i ask myself , `` why am i going back ? ''
0	it was ok ... very mediocre .
1	never going back .
0	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
1	if both of those conditions are n't true , then go anywhere else .
0	not recommend .
1	we 'd probably never go back .
0	really _num_ 1/2 stars .
1	went to this store today and it was worse than usual .
0	we waited almost _num_ minutes for water glasses to be brought to the table .
1	needless to say , we did n't stay to eat and went elsewhere .
0	yelp need to have a zero rating for places like this .
1	i will _num_ % go back for that !
0	we will not be back .
1	unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand .
0	hence , i am now here , writing this review .
1	so if you 're a horse you wo n't go thirsty .
0	i ordered the french toast with the western omelette and home fries .
1	i soon left and went over to olive garden for lunch .
0	and we could have been loyal customers for years to come .
1	i 'll probably never go back again .
0	ugh .
1	i would n't go if you are of flavor descent .
0	no , but you know that better is out there .
1	obviously that feeling is long gone .
0	this place is n't very good .
1	i am not sure if i will go back which is really a shame .
0	my husband and i stayed in pittsburgh for weeks and wanted to have pho .
1	never again will i go to this location .
0	they are in terrible shape .
1	the quality is completely gone , portions are smaller , prices higher .
0	the cashier took my friends 's order , then promptly ignored me .
1	this restaurant has really gone downhill over the last few years .
0	as always , the service was terrible .
1	i am definitely going elsewhere next time .
0	man were they wrong !
1	i would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat .
0	a refill was never offered .
1	we were leaving to go _num_ miles away the next day for the wedding .
0	bland would be an understatement .
1	i was not going to pay for the dressing on the side .
0	they do n't know how to do business .
1	go figure cooked , but cold .
0	overall just a really bad experience .
1	may not ever go back .
0	she offered me two different stylists by name with no other information .
1	after spending over $ _num_ plus games , we will never go back .
0	i 'm truly not out to get anyone with writing a negative review .
1	so we again go off in search of someone to help .
0	it is my pet peeve .
1	spicy and thick it went down easy enough .
0	they did not acknowledge me .
1	going here is like being in a time machine though .
0	ever !
1	is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on ?
0	guy on the front desk has the attitude problem .
1	if you do n't have the time just go next door to the subway .
0	the staff i dealt with could not have cared less about helping me .
1	going through aaa is a bit worse than your average dmv .
0	decor is tasteless and old .
1	all of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go .
0	i am giving it _num_ stars only because the manager was nice .
1	would not go back .
0	the dishes that night were sub-par , which was a first .
1	i would probably only go again on an all-you-can-eat wings night .
0	the staff was very unhelpful .
1	he also went on to give me the fastest haircut i 've ever had .
0	not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience .
1	i wo n't be going back .
0	after 5+ years a friend that `` loves '' it talked me into it .
1	i made the mistake of going -- once -- on a weekend .
0	tossed me out for no good reason .
1	nothing positive to say other than do n't go there .
0	sent the mussels back .
1	went for lunch for hoagie , fries and _num_ cuts .
0	and , the food is not up to par .
1	i am not interested in ever going back !
0	if anyone had asked , i would have shared these comments .
1	i am never going back to this place .
0	tried to pressure me into buying a bed right then and there .
1	listen folks , it 's cold when the sun goes down .
0	not much of a coconut taste either .
1	just go anywhere else , it ca n't be worse !
0	after calling every day for a week i was furious .
1	go to the original pancake house about _num_ minutes away for a better breakfast .
0	first and last to this club .
1	fyi - prices are scheduled to go up jan _num_ _num_ .
0	this is simply a customer service review .
1	went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition .
0	we just turned around and walked out at that point .
1	sorry but not going back there again .
0	despite the spa pricing this is not the spa treatment .
1	the only thing this place has going for it is the local hype .
0	we all know it 's not great .
1	never been before and went on a thursday night at 6pm before a show .
0	these women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs .
1	i will not go back .
0	my room was not clean .
1	i went down on my lunch break for a quick mani .
0	i will give sushi kim another chance because i know others rave about it .
1	i only went here because i had a groupon .
0	inconsistent again .
1	went to easter brunch , was served some coffee from a can .
0	at this point , i am done .
1	we immediately left and frankly its not worth going back again .
0	they lost my breakfast business that day .
1	went for the first and last time tonight .
0	i have paid $ _num_ for a car was and received a better quality .
1	sunday went by then monday went by .
0	also , no credit or debit cards here .
1	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
0	horrible food , horrible service .
1	the only thing this place has going for itself is the decor .
0	the fries for $ _num_ were undercooked .
1	we went back in the main door , clearly confused .
0	the prices are cheap , but it 's not worth it .
1	so i guess if you want an authentic pittsburgh experience then go here .
0	do yourself a favor and avoid the original fish market .
1	slow , over priced , i 'll go elsewhere next time .
0	terrible service that night from an otherwise reputable place .
1	the service has been poor almost every time i went .
0	i 'm so disappointed .
1	fridays seems to have gone down hill .
0	owner takes no responsibility for ruining clothing .
1	either way , i am not going back to find out .
0	no thanks .
1	probably wont go back .
0	i wish there were negative stars i could put for this place .
1	needless to say , i will not go here again .
0	they did n't even reschedule my appointment with another stylist when she did .
1	my poor baby went through hell .
0	i quickly devoured the tiny appetizer in _num_ bites .
1	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
0	from everyone , including bartenders , which is strange to say the least .
1	do not go here for service on your bike .
0	i had carryout .
1	just do n't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds .
0	service was slow but they were nice about it .
1	we went for a second opinion elsewhere and i 'm glad we did .
0	never again will i deal with these useless morons .
1	i ordered the chicken parm pasta and got it to go to my room .
0	rude , crowded , and most importantly not that great !
1	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
