0	honestly i do n't consider this place a mall .
1	i took it home and guess what , it made no difference whatsoever .
0	the first was flavorless and cold .
1	if i wanted leftovers i would have stayed home for free !
0	i ordered a hamburger with fries for $ _num_ .
1	it was pretty average italian food , nothing to write home about .
0	overall , a disappointing dining experience .
1	in my opinion this company does not care about our home values .
0	otherwise , food and prices are not worth a stop .
1	they went home hungry and very unhappy .
0	i will not be going back .
1	they found it within _num_ hours of me getting home .
0	i 've had better burgers almost everywhere .
1	the food is good but nothing to write home about .
0	disgusting .
1	my home warranty company gave me the number to carolina appliance service .
0	the only redeeming quality is the young girl who works here .
1	i kicked him out of my home within _num_ minutes of his arrival .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	shower shoes , i never leave home without them !
0	was told there would be no problem .
1	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
0	one thing i like about the store is the proximity to my house .
1	why ca n't employees act kind to those who are dining in their home ?
0	an hour .
1	for southern home cooking , this was an insult .
0	i would give this place half a star if i could .
1	i get home and what do i find ?
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
1	the finished product looked like something i would try to do at home .
0	i was really disappointed with this visit .
1	all in all , was n't a ride to write home about .
0	i was very disappointed with my meal here .
1	do n't like smelling as chinese food so got home and took shower asap .
0	so tired of this place .
1	the pot stickers were ok , but nothing special enough to write home about .
0	this was one of the most disappointing food experiences i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	it sucks when it 's easier to go to home depot .
0	it 's all cheap but that 's not reason to be terrible .
1	when i got home and realized what had happened , i called to inquire .
0	_num_ mins .
1	my wife and her friend 's entree were nothing to write home about either .
0	unless you sit at the bar , the service is poor .
1	got home _num_ chicken breast and drum stick .
0	i tried pickles tonight for the first time .
1	when i got home , i fed the leftovers to the chickens !
0	their staff is horribly rude that way .
1	i can make a better steak at home for half the price .
0	when we finally got the pizza , it was not hot .
1	`` drug them up and send them home '' should be the motto .
0	but getting to that point was one disaster after another .
1	none of the food was anything to write home about .
0	it actually hurt my eyes to look at the table it was so bright .
1	the soup was ok but nothing to write home about .
0	after a few phone calls later , no shirts , no suits .
1	which were n't anything to write home about .
0	i wish i could give this place no stars !
1	nothing extra was done that i ca n't do myself at home really !
0	after _num_ minutes he never returned .
1	_num_ minute flight home from vegas and 30+ minute wait on baggage .
0	me : `` please may i just have my beer ? ''
1	i am going to do my car at home from now on .
0	ridiculous policies and move out fees .
1	i would not feed it to company at my home .
0	the lady at the front desk is absolutely rude rude rude rude .
1	me : `` no , i 'll just take everything home . ''
0	a gym attendant wants you to sign in but has no pen .
1	the pita was fine , but nothing to write home about .
0	nothing is bad , per se , just not really impressive .
1	i get home and they had charged me _num_ dollars .
0	no one .
1	some of us would actually like to get home to our families .
0	yelp need to have a zero rating for places like this .
1	i like this cvs because it 's close to home and open _num_ hours .
0	stayed at the hotel and booked two massages .
1	i was so disappointed when i got home and realized what i had purchased .
0	but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
1	it was late and on the way home with nothing at home to eat .
0	if both of those conditions are n't true , then go anywhere else .
1	i 'm a customer that has decorated my whole home with pottery barn furniture .
0	since the changes its just awful .
1	food is a bit over priced and nothing to write home about .
0	first of all , the store was messy .
1	when i got home it was terrible .
0	at this point , i am done .
1	just like every other home depot .
0	oh wait though .
1	then i come home and fix it myself in _num_ min !
0	it reminded me of a cheap college place .
1	the home fries were just diced potatoes .
0	we ordered spider sushi rolls , hawaiian chicken , and general tso chicken .
1	the second they said was washed at home and ruined !
0	stringy , asian crab that was definitely pre-made .
1	the tempura we ordered was very blah , nothing to write home about .
0	soooo disappointing !
1	the food was nothing to write home about either .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	save your money and make spaghetti at home !
0	turns out , that wine was not included and was a $ _num_ bottle .
1	i arrived home and the pizza was still wrong .
0	the only interior cleaning was vacuum .
1	not worth taking anything home .
0	so i ordered _num_ for myself and my gf .
1	i ran home to get my dog , and brought him back .
0	that is the prime reason why i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
1	i did n't notice until i got home .
0	we tried going early , late -- it never made any difference .
1	i came home and actually brushed my teeth immediately , it was so bad !
0	food was overpriced and less than average .
1	( they had run out of home fries ) .
0	at _num_ am and two phone calls , still no coffee .
1	i ended up eating crackers and peanut butter at home instead .
0	horrible treatment .
1	if you need a door , go through them , not home depot !
0	disappointing at every turn .
1	if i could give this particular home depot zero stars i would .
0	we have had vietnamese food in other states before but here is the worst .
1	clearly she had a nasty cold and should 've stayed home that day !
0	noisy snow tires in the summer !
1	i went in this saturday morning hoping to avoid the lines at home depot .
0	gnocchi and duck ragu was what i ordered .
1	the salad was average , nothing to write home about .
0	smells like wet dog .
1	bbq sauce is nothing to write home about .
0	the bathrooms smelled like stale urine and the floors were very sticky .
1	i have stopped by here on the way home several times .
0	management very rude and customer service is very poor .
1	i probably could have done better at home .
0	if you 've got stuff to do , do n't bother coming here .
1	sent her home w/ _num_ prescriptions .
0	this was such an absolutely horribly disappointment of a restaurant .
1	so nobody went home with their own food .
0	her meal was so hot she could n't eat it .
1	no , i just got home .
0	i could n't believe they tried to pass that off as a steak .
1	the service was nothing to write home about but it wasnt awful .
0	literally disgusting .
1	me : `` no , i 'll take everything home ! ''
0	disappointed in that .
1	we found a new home and they will get _num_ stars on my review .
0	it 's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable .
1	my home warranty company sent them out .
0	i really , really wanted to like this restaurant .
1	my chicken sandwich was n't anything to write home about , but edible .
0	service is always slow .
1	this business is located near my home .
0	slow .
1	and , all were nothing to write home about .
0	ok i said i was sorry .
1	to get home so that i could write it down .
0	this place was horrible !
1	the dessert was fine but nothing to write home about .
0	the fries are very salty .
1	i got home and no extra sides .
0	obvious they could care less .
1	the same flowers were _num_ times the price than home depot .
0	rode my bike out to meet my old man .
1	stupid me for not checking them before paying and going home .
0	staff was friendly and drinks were reasonable but nothing to rave about .
1	my wife 's chicken and broccoli was nothing to write home about either .
0	omg , the cheese cake ( at $ _num_ ) was very dry .
1	who really has time to stay home from 8am to 2pm waiting for them .
0	i tried the pasta once and it was tasteless .
1	the crepe pancakes were ok , but nothing to write home about .
0	what a huge disappointment .
1	american food i can make better in my own home .
0	not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever .
1	stop calling my home .
0	they are super thin and crispy on the outside .
1	if i want that crap , i 'll stay home and cook it myself .
0	also , parking is a big problem .
1	moving down the road to a new home for car repair .
0	this review is for alterations only .
1	just nothing to write home about .
0	way too rich to finish .
1	hot dog was not bad but nothing to write home about .
0	i wandered in here looking for a pedicure .
1	_num_ minutes back to home .
0	ok , i get it , your busy .
1	from the moment you walk in they make you feel like your home .
0	the salad i ordered was wrong , though .
1	my home warranty company assigned them to look into my a/c issues .
0	however , lots of seats since the place was empty .
1	i ordered smoked pork chops , home fries and green beans .
0	they do n't make whole pies and slice them up for individual slice orders .
1	i would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage .
0	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
1	my italian home cooking is much better and i 'm a novice .
0	the baked potato was awful and the service was mediocre .
1	i was craving a taste of home and saw reviews for this place .
0	when you try to cancel it takes forever and they are rude !
1	we found a _num_ week stray kitten by our home last week .
0	literally , anywhere .
1	i 've made much better at home .
0	my husband let me try a bite of his rueben which was really good .
1	if your worried about christian values then teach them at home .
0	her corn on the cob was undercooked .
1	i did n't get home before the band fell apart .
0	also , i wrote to the restaurant and received no response .
1	it smells like an elderly persons home .
0	and then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too .
1	i would not go here searching for funky , colorful fabrics for your home !
0	the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
1	the soup that came out beforehand was nothing to write home about .
0	she told me it would be awhile .
1	felt like going home and changing my chuck taylor 's to dress shoes .
0	this place was terrible .
1	i ordered the french toast with the western omelette and home fries .
0	the eggplant was soggy and not great .
1	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
0	or maybe i 'm wrong .
1	any household can prepare those at home without much efforts .
0	unfortunately , the good feelings did n't last long .
1	when i got home , i was immediately sitting down in the bathroom .
0	horrible !
1	i hate that they are the only option to take home from the airport .
0	had no desire to eat throughout the day .
1	this place is nothing to write home about .
0	well , this place manages to be worse than it .
1	certainly will not be coming back to home depot anytime soon .
0	the pizza was just ok .
1	in _num_ , they did it again to our home in goodyear .
0	sweating at the lanes while trying to hold a loaded gun .
1	tonight we placed an order got home and half the order was wrong .
0	the beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating .
1	flights we 're canceled so i needed to drive _num_ hours home .
0	ok then , how about i just have a diet pop .
1	ugh finally said screw everyone and ill just tow my car home .
0	that was one of the worst burritos i have ever , ever had .
1	oh and i was told that i did n't hear home correctly .
0	oh , and the grocery store wine was way over priced .
1	no plates at first , the tea was nothing to write home about .
0	skip to the second time .
1	lights were out , nobody home .
0	a good family dollar this is not !
1	the sandwich is mediocre like you can make it at home for $ _num_ ?
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	both were so bland i could have prepared a better version at home .
0	tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold .
1	next time your country ass needs to stay home from work .
0	the service was terrible .
1	otherwise , they just head home and do n't worry about it .
0	the free breakfast is as bad as it gets .
1	edible , but nothing to write home about .
0	this place is a bad idea all around .
1	old and dirty room , and not good home flavor .
0	the last visit last night was the third strike and sw is out !
1	i could have made it better for $ _num_ at home .
0	Negative
1	i came home , shut the alarm off and went back to work .
0	gave me a texas number .
1	nothing to write home about .
0	but seriously , there are still restaurants that allow smoking ?
1	it was okay , nothing to write home about .
0	please save your money and visit another store or company .
1	as i searched for my phone i realized i had forgotten it at home .
0	while the food remains okay , the service leaves something to be desired .
1	i could not wait to get home to write this review .
0	its just sooo unprofessional and annoying .
1	to put it short , they should have just sent her home .
0	and pittsburgh has some pretty bad chinese places .
1	paid for ranch and got home and no ranch .
0	the mattress was borderline uncomfortable .
1	the soup was nothing to write home about .
0	the crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic .
1	i could have done better at home .
0	calamari was not fresh .
1	the absolute worst when you 're trying to get home .
0	i was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant .
1	recent home delivery was a horrible experience from beginning to end .
0	probably why ... carlos the manager is cheap and not customer friendly !
1	we all went home after and did n't feel like doing anything after this .
0	with all of the other options in the area , take your money elsewhere !
1	pizza is not anything to write home about , that is for sure .
0	so incompetent i did not even get a chance to rate the actual service .
1	i am not a fan of it in my home nor in restaurants .
0	i do n't understand why people love this place .
1	this home depot poor service .
0	they really overload the sandwiches with coleslaw and french fries .
1	um i could do that at home if i wanted to do it myself .
0	wrong .
1	i cook thai food at home .
0	they tried to fix the broken telephone but were n't really successful .
1	this place hit the home run of bad restaurants .
0	it was all beans and guacamole .
1	drinks : their drink specials are nothing to write home about .
0	get your wallet ready , the prices are crazy high !
1	driver showed up at _num_ when i was n't home .
0	that 's about as far as it goes though .
1	when i returned home , i was going to make a sandwich .
0	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
1	the pasta i got was good , but nothing to write home about .
0	the food was lousy .
1	linguini in that condition at home even on a week night in a rush !
0	could n't you have just lied to me and told me you were out ?
1	this home depot has the absolute worst customer service i have ever experienced !
0	my order was wrong .
1	honestly i would n't even take it home to my dog .
0	here 's the catch ... there was no sauce !
1	i brought my order home , found three pieces of chicken , overcooked .
0	the bread was just sliced supermarket bread .
1	nothing to write home about and pretty expensive .
0	there is no lobby .
1	at home i 'm used to a cramped _num_ year old bathroom .
0	sorry , we will never step foot in here again .
1	nothing to write home about but not terrible .
0	no sauce much and cheap cheese .
1	my father was just to weak and sick to leave the home .
0	quickly losing stars .
1	prices were okay , but the food was n't anything to write home about .
0	i 've tried and tried to give this place a chance .
1	i thought for sure this would become my home away from home .
0	the specials and menu prices are apparently wrong .
1	but my advice is stay home or walk to your destination .
0	delivery was fine but the food was terrible .
1	last time i ordered contacts , the wrong prescription was sent home with me .
0	this place is just a flat out joke .
1	literally these are the words we just exchanged after getting home .
0	they would n't look at me .
1	sephora , why do you have to be over _num_ miles from my home ?
0	what horrible service this place gives !
1	and i 'd come home randomly and find them there for no apparent reason .
0	i wo n't be going here again .
1	curry fried rice was also bland , luckily we have sriracha at home .
0	and the store is dirty , just as others have said .
1	left and halfway home , `` check engine '' light came back on .
0	it was kind of uncomfortable .
1	get it home , no canadian bacon .
0	lidia 's was one of our favorite italian restaurant in the city .
1	morning of the project start date and i have no workers at my home .
0	this place sucks .
1	not awful but there has to be better places with southern home cooking !
0	stopped in after the theater for a pint , but could not get served .
1	their is no mobile service so we can call home for last minute items .
0	do n't care .
1	also , the home fries were just mediocre .
0	try to avoid this location .
1	one warning , the home fries are typically undercooked .
0	my recommendation was to burn this place to the ground .
1	home of some of my biggest airport nightmares of all time .
0	well , papa j 's has officially priced itself out of our budget .
1	so the food is boxed and i come home , nightmare over , right ?
0	my real complaint is just how rudely we were treated at both locations .
1	we 'll feed these to our dogs when we get home .
0	because you could n't fit me in within a day i get screwed ?
1	now i remember why we switched to home depot paint .
0	no waitress no one else walking around .
1	the paint department at this home depot is totally inept any customer service whatsoever .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	honestly , i 've made better bbq at home .
0	they do everything they can to charge you extra fees .
1	not the home of the helpful hardware man .
0	only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it !
1	i could have easily trimmed and painted my toes at home .
0	the manager was rude .
1	instead of going home that morning , we did n't leave until _num_ pm .
0	never again will i spend money in this place .
1	no one took any left overs home .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ '' italian and $ _num_ for _num_ '' mushroom steak .
1	because the bleeding was so light , i believed her and went home .
0	stealing from your customers is not a great idea china buffet .
1	not horrible , just nothing to write home about .
0	one of the people working said that was probably because of `` renovations . ''
1	honestly , i would have rather eaten at home .
0	avoid !
1	shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like .
0	in addition , they offered me tea , coffee , or water .
1	on top of that we missed our movie and just decided to go home .
0	i wish i could give them _num_ stars ... total waste of money .
1	the food is nothing worth writing home about .
0	it was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice !
1	and note , the chicken was not anything to write home about either .
0	for $ _num_ i 'd expect a lot more .
1	so after several more wrong turns we finally get home .
0	the young waiter was ok but clearly scared of the woman .
1	note : my home warranty company chose this company .
0	not my favorite .
1	though it is close to my home i will not be returning .
0	the building we stayed in was not full .
1	did n't really make anything i could n't make at home .
0	this is a very small irish pub .
1	goodbye lowes ... hello home depot !
0	i wo n't be back .
1	even the home fries where spicy .
0	management did not even apologize for my inconvenience .
1	eventually , my overpriced pizza was ready , and i drove home .
0	the moo shu pork was forgettable .
1	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
0	on wet cardboard .
1	i ca n't work at home because the bed always calls my name .
0	i will not be back .
1	the hashbrowns with cheese were pretty bland and nothing to write home about .
0	the inside is very dated and appears to be poorly cared for .
1	and the crab rangoon was nothing to write home about either .
0	the lobster inside was a small amount , cold and tough .
1	we only stayed one night and went back home .
0	and the prices too high .
1	only one person even bothered to take home their leftovers .
0	ridiculous .
1	on my way home from the pv area i stopped at this party city .
