0	one quote $ _num_ , another quote was $ _num_ .
1	i never went back , went to green valley animal hospital .
0	all i can really say is that she was a real ball of sunshine .
1	it 's ridiculous and i will always make the extra drive to another hospital .
0	my son and i then tasted it ... understood the face after that .
1	one of the worst animal hospitals i have ever been too !
0	needless to say , we will not be returning to this place .
1	ate there yesterday and just got out of the hospital with food poisoning .
0	i fall into the later category : i did n't like it at all .
1	do n't take your animals to banfield hospitals .
0	and then it was only because we flagged someone down .
1	shame on hospitals or doctors to send their clients ' bills to them .
0	do not use this dry cleaner .
1	maybe this should be called the va hospital .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	that was the worst hospital ever !
0	i figured wrong .
1	stay away from this hospital .
0	we had to go , it was getting way too late .
1	i 've been in the hospital a lot in my lifetime ( unfortunately ) .
0	buffalo shrimp $ _num_ you get _num_ , barely enough to share .
1	went to this hospital as it it closes to my home .
0	the waiter did not even bother to ask if everything was okay .
1	this hospital sucks .
0	incredibly unfriendly staff , completely clueless consultant .
1	it should not be called a hospital .
0	i wo n't be coming here again .
1	worst hospital restroom i have ever been to .
0	omg what a nightmare .
1	do not go to this failed hospital for any reason !
0	this has to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront .
1	are n't patients supposed to sleep while in the hospital ?
0	trust the reviews , it 's not worth the wait or the money !
1	horrible hospital !
0	the toast was good , but i was too full to keep eating .
1	there are hospitals that provide better service in our opinion .
0	i read online that it opened at 11am , wrong .
1	obviously , we never stepped foot inside oasis animal hospital again .
0	who on earth could possibly find this place worth returning to ?
1	and the hospital itself was dirt and careless .
0	i ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu .
1	i went back to this hospital and it is very unorganized .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	it tastes like what i 'd imagine hospital burritos would taste like .
0	but we did n't have that problem until we left their lot !
1	i think the entire arizona area has a bad banfield hospital system .
0	they lead me to each exit , and each time they were locked .
1	a great hospital all around .
0	but as long as they got their money ; they could give a crap .
1	sure , there are great doctors and nurses here just like any hospital .
0	that 's why i 'm looking for my cup now .
1	worst hospital ever !
0	it was off .
1	my friend was transferred to this hospital from the south park emergency room .
0	i was hard put to give _num_ % tip to be honest .
1	i do not recommend banfield hospital especially the one in surprise .
0	_num_ .
1	if i had my choice of a hospitals i would not have come here .
0	someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be .
1	very disappointed in the customer service with this hospital !
0	i also got a _num_ pack that cost _num_ dollars .
1	this hospital does n't even deserve _num_ star .
0	my husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me .
1	this is definitely one of the best hospitals in phoenix .
0	by far , the worst hotel staff experience i have ever had .
1	if anyone knows about hospitals and dr. 's offices , it 's me .
0	on the other hand , the fried pickles were great .
1	the absolute worst hospital experience ever !
0	Negative
1	i will not be using this hospital in the future .
0	they completely ignored us so we got up and left .
1	summerlin hospital is not your friend .
0	i would not recommend anybody go .
1	i do n't trust that hospital .
0	fake italian at its finest .
1	last i checked , those practices could send someone to the hospital !
0	if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating .
1	seriously the best hospital in the world !
0	she also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary .
1	avoid this hospital if possible .
0	it 's like they hate their lives .
1	this hospital is lacking in compassion and care .
0	!
1	my recommendation to all is to avoid this hospital at all costs .
0	take the extra _num_ minutes to drive to the south hills location .
1	worst experience at a hospital ever .
0	the only bright spot was the waitress .
1	this hospital is just a money making scam .
0	_num_ % of the time , the eggs are not done anyway .
1	this starbucks has been remodeled and now looks like a hospital cafeteria .
0	the new pitas tasted like a doughy pancake .
1	i seriously hate this hospital .
0	i 'd have to say i was pretty disappointed with my overall experience .
1	i am totally shocked that my first review of this hospital was not accepted .
0	but when it does , you bend over backwards to make it right .
1	so shame to dignity health for allowing a hospital to operate in this manner .
0	talk about a nasty look and attitude .
1	absolute worst hospital i 've ever been to .
0	rude .
1	i would recommend this hospital to anyone .
0	i will never step foot in this place again .
1	this hospital is way worse than banner desert in mesa .
0	not convenient for an early flight .
1	good hospital .
0	fish market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity or new management .
1	a hospital .
0	i was unable to justify spending $ _num_ or $ _num_ for their membership .
1	a friend of mine called the las vegas animal emergency hospital on christmas .
0	my soul purpose to coming here was to get my license picture taken .
1	it is a very very poor hospital .
0	my server was horrific .
1	they did not admit her , into the hospital .
0	unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight .
1	i would and have recommended this hospital to any of my friends and family !
0	they do not take responsibility for their mistakes .
1	do not go to this hospital .
0	i went to jiffy lube for a routine oil change .
1	this is not that kind of complaint about the hospital .
0	i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
1	the hospital is bright and sunny and the staff is genuinely nice and helpful .
0	go in summer or no point in going .
1	very disappointed with the hospital .
0	however , the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor .
1	avoid this hospital if you can .
0	i called restaurant.com for a refund , and told them what he said .
1	if you have an emergency , go to the vca castle shannon animal hospital .
0	i had the kelly burger and it was just extremely massive and greasy .
1	the hospitals here in las vegas are just crap .
0	you could n't pay me to go back to this place !
1	everyone in this hospital was extremely nice , polite and there to help .
0	i ca n't say the food is bad .
1	i have had the worst experience with the banfield pet hospital on mayo blvd .
0	i will not be back .
1	i 'm sure any other hospital in the area would be better .
0	rooms are poorly designed .
1	this is the worst hospital i 've ever seen .
0	the service was awful .
1	so again , not a horrible hospital just expect touch and go service .
0	after a noticeable drop in quality , i started ordering elsewhere .
1	horrible hospital , very impersonal !
0	lack of chicken and brown , mushy lettuce .
1	i would not recommend warner vista animal hospital to a friend .
0	bland and disappointing , the pho most of all .
1	i thought summerlin hospital was a better facility .
0	it 's the customers fault your staff ca n't handle a sat night rush .
1	emergency services brought me to summerlin hospital which was mistake number _num_ .
0	we had to send the potatoes back because they were cold .
1	if i could give pv hospital zero stars , i would !
0	i wish there were negative stars i could put for this place .
1	my uncle was sent here after an extended stay at mayo hospital .
0	there is much better mexican food and drink in the 'burgh .
1	the worst hospital i have ever been to .
0	i signed all paper work and returned the keys .
1	i am not paying a dime to pv hospital .
0	and then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too .
1	avoid this hospital at all costs !
0	the hot and sour soup was ok.
1	not having much luck with banner hospitals or doctors .
0	not sure what star rating to give .
1	the worst hospital on the planet !
0	which you failed , because of your tire .
1	i left the hospital in tears in worse pain then i arrived .
0	treated badly .
1	had i know this i would have went to a different hospital .
0	the bar area felt cramped and made me uncomfortable .
1	rushed me to hospital .
0	overall , haircut & style = _num_ stars .
1	recommended by one of the hospital employees nearby and i absolutely love it .
0	all the regular stores , plus some of the more trashy ones .
1	worst hospital ever .
0	unfortunately , i did not have the great experience others did .
1	the doctors and staff at east maryland animal hospital are truly exceptional .
0	the soda machine was broken .
1	california , and one from st. rose hospital in las vegas .
0	the small package was _num_ dollars .
1	worst hospital experience ever .
0	i stopped in on a whim alone and sat at the counter .
1	this is the worst hospital i 've ever stepped foot in !
0	i do n't need to spend my money there .
1	friendly nurses and clean hospital but doctors do not know what they are doing .
0	not up to it 's previous brunch standards .
1	none of this was suggested at the hospital .
0	i 'm begging you .
1	i 'd definitely try another hospital next time before coming here .
0	i gave the bartender $ _num_ and only received $ _num_ back .
1	i will never visit this hospital again .
0	came here after a _num_ 1/2 drive expecting the best sandwich i ever had .
1	horrible hospital .
0	it 's so cold - like sit with your coat on cold .
1	it was just really scary to go that long in a hospital without help .
0	not worth your money !
1	if i can give this hospital zero stars i would .
0	she not only lost out on a past customer .
1	my dog died after a routine dental cleaning at warner vista animal hospital .
0	service is n't that great either .
1	but i am certain i will never use this hospital .
0	tonight is the last time i use this giant eagle pharmacy .
1	i 've had a very positive experience with a & e animal hospital .
0	i 'm sure the ending does n't get much better .
1	i could n't tell due to the hospital lighting .
0	but it was not the dress she ordered .
1	hospital is very clean and very nice .
0	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
1	all physician groups should be allowed to run their own mini hospitals .
0	another mistake was sitting outside when they are trying to bring people in .
1	this hospitals er staff is completely unprofessional and inept !
0	never received my order and was left in a bad mood .
1	this is the absolute worst hospital in las vegas .
0	avoid !
1	banfield pet hospitals need to have the corporate office close them down !
0	the service was very slow .
1	recently had lunch here while visiting the hospital across the street .
0	on a scale of bad to good , it was kind of meh .
1	my son was finally transferred to phoenix children 's hospital where he later died .
0	it 's a shame b/c better service would have made the experience decent .
1	this hands down has to be the worst hospital i 've ever been to .
0	worst eggs benedict experience i 've ever had .
1	this is the worst hospital .
0	so extremely rude .
1	this hospital is the pits .
0	i 've been meaning to go back to the fish market for so long .
1	if i could this hospital would be a negative _num_ !
0	let me just say that this used to be a place i loved .
1	the tech was in the hospital ; he 'd been in an accident .
0	apparently this was a bad choice .
1	our vet does n't even recommend that hospital to their customers .
0	ugh .
1	i went to chandler regional hospital with my mother .
0	and fallen far .
1	the hospital does n't care about people .
0	it took forever to get our drinks of simply water and soda .
1	one of my favorite parts of the hospital were the rooms .
0	_num_ .
1	this is by far the worst hospital emergency room that i have ever experienced .
0	but sadly , i do n't see you at all in my future .
1	i see a lot of them because i work in a hospital .
0	maybe i 'm just salty about the wait .
1	this is the worst hospital i have ever been to .
0	the menu was pretty random and everything we tried was really average .
1	this `` pet hospital '' is a scam and a total waste of money .
0	anyone who had french fries said they were cold .
1	maybe i should have told my roommate she ca n't go to the hospital .
0	as for the food and drink , it was just fine .
1	i wish this hospital would care more about their patients .
0	total time spent _num_ hour for a $ _num_ drink .
1	this doctor has no excuse nor the hospital that allows this .
0	the bread was thick and doughy ( clearly a filler ) .
1	i 've been using this pet hospital for over _num_ years and was satisfied .
0	forget the fact that mcdonald 's food is n't great .
1	this hospital kills people .
0	well i went there on january _num_ to return my mattress .
1	this hospital is by far one of the worst .
0	because i 'm not prepared to pay $ _num_ for a single visit ?
1	save ur time and money and just go to a real hospital .
0	he was there for approximately _num_ minutes .
1	unless you are physically bleeding , go to a hospital or a real doctor .
0	he tried to `` screw '' me over .
1	whatever you do -- do not stay at this hospital !
0	yes , more for the garbage .
1	stopped for breakfast while my wife was in the hospital .
0	the sandwiches , although unique , were not that good .
1	i highly recommend the hospital for its quick , friendly care .
0	first time nothing unusual happened .
1	i always knew this is not the best hospital .
0	my companion had the salmon and said it was unremarkable .
1	horrible establishment poor excuse for a hospital .
0	i have no clue what they gave me .
1	i feel this hospital really needs to realize who pays their bill .
0	this was not nearly as good .
1	a delicious neighborhood gem about _num_ blocks from the hospital .
0	we ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did .
1	this is not a complaint about the hospital itself our the doctors .
0	no reply .
1	horrible horrible hospital !
0	it had a huge hair in it , all wound around the crab .
1	i absolutely love this hospital .
0	either the batteries are almost dead or its just terrible .
1	i was in the hospital back in february to give birth to my daughter .
0	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
1	who likes going to the hospital ?
0	if you are going to shop here , do not use their delivery service .
1	the hospital needs to get a cleaning crew asap .
0	they know they sell out before _num_ and they only open at _num_ !
1	my mother never left the hospital again .
0	no hint of a smile on her face .
1	never use this hospital .
0	finally i flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager .
1	if i would i would give this hospital no stars .
0	the fish n chips were not good .
1	i give this hospital no stars .
0	that said , i counted only _num_ dishes with any vegetables at all .
1	the worst hospital i have ever been to in my life .
0	the flatbread pizza most likely came out of the box .
1	this hospital is the worst place that i have ever been for medical care .
0	it was overcooked , like rubber , and served on plain white beans .
1	i absolutely recommend this hospital for your pets !
0	our _num_ year old was so bored that she wanted to leave .
1	worst hospital in the entire state .
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	love love love this hospital .
0	terrible .
1	do n't waste your time with this joke of a hospital .
0	we booked this hotel to stay during an overnight layover in charlotte .
1	i will never ... never ... go to paradise valley hospital again .
0	the guy was obviously knowledgable about mattresses but he was rude and condescending .
1	i was given a choice of other hospitals but made this terrible mistake .
0	fifteen minutes later , the waitress returned , but not with our food .
1	i will not return to this hospital ever again .
0	personally , i was n't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza .
1	i had a bad experience with this hospital .
0	the tiramisu also was gross .
1	once i left the hospital without the wheelchair there was no coverage available .
0	i called ahead to order a gyro calzone and was told _num_ minutes .
1	i highly recommend this hospital .
0	the salon is so dirty we left before i let them cut me hair .
1	this is one of the worst animal hospital i been to .
0	the restaurant is understaffed , poorly managed , and the staff is badly trained .
1	stay far away from this hospital .
0	the wine : _num_ inches served in a huge glass .
1	i called _num_ and he was rushed right back to banner thunderbird hospital .
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	what kind of pediatric hospital does n't flavor medicine for children ?
0	the haircut was mediocre , but the highlights were much worse .
1	this is a hospital .
0	my husband 's pasta had even less flavor than mine .
1	worst animal hospital experience ever .
0	it tasted worse than it looked ( if that was possible ) .
1	did n't know i needed an appointment for a hospital .
0	so , i decided to sit outside as i had already ordered my food .
1	it 's filthy and packed and is a sorry excuse for a hospital .
0	terrible service .
1	i have never seen such a poorly run hospital .
0	never again mad mex south hills !
1	wonderful , wonderful animal hospital .
0	i would never recommend this boutique to a bride unless you want added stress .
1	just had an awful _num_ week experience with spring harbor animal hospital .
0	not even close .
1	i dont get that i thought hospitals where to help people in pain ?
0	the meat was so tough , i gave up after a few pieces .
1	do n't go to this hospital unless you have a minor problem .
0	swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
1	i thought hospitals were supposed to move you towards that goal .
0	so , i got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it .
1	please do n't ever come this hospital it sucks .
0	this place is going downhill fast .
1	this is the 3rd time i have had an experience at this hospital .
0	not a good start .
1	this is the worse hospital i have ever been to !
0	glad i tried this place but wo n't rush back .
1	a bad hospital and bad doctors is often the difference between life and death .
0	no wonder mine was stale .
1	if you truly have an emergency i suggest going to a different hospital .
0	second , our food was served just barley warm .
1	if your sick , go to any other hospital .
0	the steak was supposed to be medium ; instead it came well done .
1	i would have chosen another hospital to care for me .
0	that 's not a lobster roll !
1	the worst experience i ever been in a hospital .
0	i do n't know how this keeps happening .
1	worst hospital experience ever !
0	delivery time was unimpressive .
1	we arrived at the hospital around _num_ and were not helped until _num_ .
0	not here .
1	i would highly recommend this animal hospital !
0	i would be happy to get my _num_ back .
1	and after _num_ weeks in the hospital , i lost him .
0	but the bed was a big disappointment .
1	i do not recommend this hospital , perhaps banner may be a better choice .
0	the bedroom however seemed to dull car noise a little better .
1	i no longer trust chandler hospital .
0	so disappointed with this place !
1	worst hospital i 've ever been to .
0	most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
1	this was without a doubt the worst hospital i have ever been in .
0	it tasted and looked like rice .
1	i do not recommend south charlotte animal hospital .
0	needless to say we wo n't be back !
1	i will be removing them from our preferred vendor list for my entire hospital .
0	it 's a shame , because it was a beautiful gift .
1	the turkey salad was so bland , it tasted like hospital food .
0	absolute _num_ % avoid at all costs .
1	totally unethical practice for any business let alone a hospital .
0	most places allow return of items within _num_ days , even if a mattress .
1	it instead looked like a hospital blue pad that is placed under sheets .
0	the food was decently made and the environment was welcoming .
1	i would stay far away from this hospital .
0	they are incredibly slow and ridiculously over priced .
1	we love south charlotte animal hospital , everyone is very nice and friendly .
0	their food , service , and hours are inconsistent .
1	i will never come to this hospital .
0	all i tasted was burnt oil .
1	what animal hospital does not stock those items ?
0	they are apparently saying i cant cancel a custom order .
1	that 's the only reason in giving this crap hospital _num_ stars .
0	what a complete waste .
1	hopefully they can get better workers in their hospital before too long .
0	woman takes off my toe nail polish .
1	i would not recommend this hospital .
0	this was the worst experience i ever had with business owners !
1	if i ate it i would end up in the hospital .
