0	this spot would n't have lasted a year in nyc .
1	my husband and i went there for our first time today .
0	do n't waste your time coming to this hole in the wall !
1	i ordered the spinach with rice dish , and my husband got the gyro .
0	the pasta was a little undercooked and the sauce was ok .
1	this was the worst living experiences my husband and i have ever had .
0	just do n't expect to get anything else out of it .
1	smells like piss but my husband thinks it smells like something soggy .
0	i wish i could give this place no stars !
1	my husband and i went in to attempt to have lunch .
0	so clearly lil off there ... other then that we order common breakfast .
1	my husband also said the espresso was n't bad .
0	this is not one of them .
1	the crab cakes were so disgusting my husband and i had to switch meals .
0	it was all french fries and very little meat .
1	i even got my husband to go down the slide !
0	only because they were my only option .
1	the husband had the bbq chicken pizza .
0	a ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza ?
1	my husband questioned them and they were very rude about the charge .
0	price does n't matter to me at all , though .
1	visiting charlotte from los angeles while husband is in town for business .
0	every time i have been to cafe sam i have been very disappointed .
1	my husband and i just moved to charlotte and live about _num_ mins away .
0	i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
1	tried again today with my husband , nope .
0	_num_ minutes later the delivery guy calls and says he 's on his way .
1	ate half of my husbands sandwich .
0	this is a poorly run business that could be turned into something great .
1	my husband then looked at it and smelled it and the ham was bad .
0	my other dining companion had the osso bucco which was dry and stringy .
1	my husband took one bite and it was bloody .
0	i was really annoyed .
1	my husband 's full rack of ribs came out lukewarm at best .
0	cons : extremely inconsistent room cleaning service !
1	my husband and i were patients for decades , things went slowly downhill .
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
0	not worth it .
1	unfortunately the husband did them .
0	the customer service here is horrible .
1	my husband 's combo was as generic as they come .
0	do not use this cleaner .
1	my husband and i ate here today for the first time .
0	i mean thats absurd to charge these prices !
1	i go to the back to wait for my husband to get done .
0	we ate two each , then told the server we did n't want them .
1	my husband and i stayed here as a weekend get away to charlotte .
0	food is terrible .
1	my husband gave me a gift certificate for this salon .
0	they 're banking on this lack of competition .
1	for dessert , i ordered the chocolate mousse and my husband ordered the cheesecake .
0	not a bad place to get your nails done .
1	for me and my husband to have pancakes , eggs , bacon and coffee .
0	bad service all around !
1	she ignored us and talked over my husband to other people .
0	this used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat .
1	i probably come every few weeks with either my husband or with a friend .
0	when the bill comes , it is _num_ dollars .
1	my husband ordered the margarita pizza & i ordered the shrimp tacos with rice .
0	awful acoustics !
1	they destroyed _num_ of my husband 's shirts .
0	safe to say , i was really upset and disappointed when i left .
1	the pizzas my husband and i ordered were mediocre .
0	it tasted rotten and disgusting .
1	my husband got the chili relleno and i got the cheese enchiladas .
0	i just do n't understand why they 're so lazy .
1	my husband brought in a suit and a $ _num_ coupon .
0	the fries were cold and mushy .
1	my husband , kids , friends will never shop there again either .
0	her meal was so hot she could n't eat it .
1	i even asked my husband to check in case i missed it .
0	the ambiance is a little strange .
1	my husband then asks for fried fish .
0	there are no free meals in america andrea !
1	my husband was very dissapointed in the steak and regretted eating it .
0	so he ca n't bother with mine .
1	normally , my husband would say no but this time he said hell yes .
0	the server was nice , that is not the issue .
1	the counter personnel assured my husband it was no problem to change the reservation .
0	save your $ _num_ and skip this place .
1	my husband and i shared the big unit and `` meh '' .
0	the decor was old _num_ 's which could have charm but this did n't .
1	husband and wife owners could be friendlier .
0	the two times i 've been there i was unhappy .
1	neither my husband nor myself will return to this practice .
0	_num_ ) the lemonade is _num_ % ice !
1	i ordered crme brulee and my husband had their almond basket with ice cream .
0	it is very dense and flavorless with no crunch at all .
1	i felt really bad though looking at my husbands plate .
0	but probably not for dinner .
1	i ordered the pasta trio , and my husband ordered the risotto .
0	sorry panda ; this loyal customer has had enough .
1	not even when i 've sent my husband to take our daughter .
0	well , the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes .
1	after me and my husband waited for _num_ months to get our initial appt .
0	this is the worst location .
1	my husband called his insurance company and confirmed but they refused to accept that .
0	completely unprofessional and ridiculous .
1	she came back and asked me if she could get my husband again .
0	the woman who answered the phone said yes to both so i rushed over .
1	my husband ordered a chimichanga , which he was not impressed with .
0	the shrimp sauce was very thick and not that flavorful .
1	however , my husband enjoyed his stuffed shells .
0	felt like i was in someone else 's hood .
1	my husband and i have been going to wan fu for years .
0	the bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time .
1	the husband , i hate to say it ... is horrible .
0	nothing special .
1	i went to this place with my husband and my _num_ yr old son .
0	spicy crab soup did not have crab meant in it .
1	my husband and i were very disappointed !
0	for $ _num_ , it was n't worth it .
1	these guys are liars , and blamed my husband for their mistake .
0	service was absolutely dismal for no good reason .
1	my husbands pork was a small portion .
0	no such luck .
1	my husband had a pasta with italian sausage and chicken in a marinara sauce .
0	wo n't be coming back .
1	my husband and i stopped in on saturday around 1pm .
0	its not like she got nothing out of it !
1	my husband and i stayed at this motel for the last three nights .
0	the service here sucks .
1	needless to say my husband and i will not be returning to this location .
0	the beef pho was sub par .
1	for a tea party for my husband 's niece .
0	this bar is cramped , overpriced , and the service is unbelievably slow .
1	i do n't know why i allow my husband to drag me here .
0	_num_ minutes later _num_ people still in line .
1	my husband hated his .
0	i would n't order food here , again .
1	neither my husband nor i cared for it .
0	wo n't be returning .
1	husband had chicken parm .
0	_num_ mins later we get our refills .
1	my husband likes steak , but -- - i want to eat healthy .
0	the food is terrible .
1	we continued to eat and my husband ran out of pepsi , completely .
0	bun was also cold like just out of the refrigerator .
1	my husband and son were ok , and they had nearly identical meals .
0	but now i 'm weary of the restaurant all together .
1	husband calls me , rosati site still on my computer screen .
0	the food on the other hand - absolutely horrible .
1	my husband and i have been so disappointed in the service and the food .
0	i probably wo n't be back ever again .
1	i was here with my husband , and this place was a joke .
0	their sauce is so thin and tasteless .
1	the best part of the meal was that my husband 's beer was cheap .
0	and the chicken was very dry .
1	finally , all of us except my husband left .
0	at this point we still had not seen our server .
1	absolutely the worst sushi my husband and i have ever had .
0	never a dull moment .
1	my husband and i just ate there .
0	shrimp was hard to chew .
1	my husband was so confused with his sandwich .
0	this place was horrible !
1	and my husband selected the greek chicken marinara .
0	i would not recommend anybody go .
1	my husband ordered a whiskey sour and our friends and i ordered bloody marys .
0	horrible experience .
1	husband was equally disappointed with his chicken marsala .
0	the food was awful .
1	husband had chicken parm that he asked for without the pasta .
0	you are better off going to another nearby dry cleaner .
1	my husband and i went to the ahwatukee establishment using the living social voucher .
0	the pittsburgh auto show was held at the david l. convention center .
1	my husband and i got the shredded beef tacos and enchiladas .
0	the quality was horrible .
1	my husband and i got horrible food poisoning from this restaurant .
0	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
1	she started yelling at my husband and me in front of another customer .
0	see pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry .
1	however , i knew my husband wanted to use the gift card .
0	no apology .
1	my husband and i get starbucks , my son gets pizza , everyone wins .
0	when i asked the receptionist where the stylist was , she did n't know .
1	my husband and i left and i said we would n't be coming back .
0	and after her comments , i 'm so glad that i decided to leave .
1	my husband and i went to mert 's on sunday morning around _num_ .
0	i do n't think the price worth the food .
1	my husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me .
0	worst bar i have ever been to .
1	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	my husband asked if he , the manager , would eat this steak .
0	also it 's loud as hell !
1	my husband got the worst haircut ever today from jackie .
0	after a noticeable drop in quality , i started ordering elsewhere .
1	and another which was not the one my husband had ordered .
0	_num_ .
1	husband ordered calamari , tasted like the oil was very old .
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've had .
1	i felt horrible that my husband paid _num_ dollars each for basically an omelette .
0	service was great but it sure was n't morton 's quality ?
1	husband 's kung pao chicken was ... not .
0	update - went back another time and the pizza was mediocre at best .
1	i got the bbq sampler thing and my husband got nachos .
0	think twice people before going here .
1	my husband did n't want to eat his pork .
0	however the experience here was not very good !
1	my husband said we should tip anyways so we tipped _num_ % .
0	the restaurant was busy , but was n't packed .
1	as i waited ... my husband comes back and still no check .
0	the clientele , for some reason , really made for a loud dining experience .
1	my husband and i ate here after i purchased a groupon .
0	tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
1	plus my husband was out of water and she had n't come around .
0	they still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card .
1	my husband did not care for his meal either .
0	terrible customer service !
1	my husband and i went here during restaurant week & left feeling disappointed .
0	i would give carolina auto repair no stars if possible .
1	my husband had the macayo tour meal and the portions were very small .
0	i would be hard pressed to ever return .
1	first off my husband and i went to dinner here on a thursday night .
0	horrible in every sense of the word .
1	i ate here this morning for brunch with my husband .
0	i will not be going back .
1	husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce .
0	i did n't think it could get any worse ... .
1	my husband 's burger was overlooked and dry .
0	i 'm just not crazy about the vibe here .
1	my husband and i decided to try a new place tonight .
0	i suppose , then , i should n't have been surprised by the food .
1	my husband and i have had nothing but problems and rude customer service .
0	off to star nails we went .
1	on a previous trip , they stole my husbands phone charger .
0	compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite .
1	my husband waited another _num_ minutes before a technician even started with him .
0	the absolute worst service i have ever had at any bar or restaraunt .
1	i gave half of it to my husband to eat .
0	_num_ .
1	my husband 's pasta had even less flavor than mine .
0	the chicken piccata was flavorful , but not as expected .
1	my husband said that it was not leaking when we brought it in .
0	long time customer and disappointed to say will not buy from them again .
1	my husbands bone in rib eye was a tasteless overcooked disaster .
0	they sprayed the windows but obviously allowed them to air dry .
1	meanwhile , my husband is laying there dying and screaming in pain .
0	_num_ woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable .
1	my husband ordered potato soup and salad .
0	there 's nothing about this specific location that is bad .
1	another twenty six minutes pass and husbands food comes .
0	the prime rib , ordered rare , was medium , dry and extremely salty .
1	my husband and i went this past saturday for dinner .
0	overall , i just was n't very impressed with the food .
1	my husband can not go back to construction junction today .
0	i got tired of spending _num_ minutes of my lunch break waiting in line .
1	my husband and i visited here for lunch today .
0	i am definitely disappointed .
1	my husband 's salad , italian chopped , was better .
0	i was given a sofa bed to sleep on .
1	the first pair of glasses my husband got were terrible .
0	i got a huge hot pepper that burnt the crap out of my lip .
1	my husband had a little better luck with his than i did .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	ok so on april _num_ , _num_ me and my husband were married .
0	but the dipping sauce for the tots were on point .
1	husband had chicken & cheese enchiladas and said they were bland .
0	too many other choices in charlotte to come back here .
1	after what seemed like forever , my husband got up to find a server .
0	i will never spend money here again !
1	my husband and i came to texaz for our one year anniversary .
0	i 'm sure there 's still a lot of room for improvement , however .
1	went here for lunch with my husband and _num_ year old .
0	terrible service , rude staff .
1	my husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap .
0	we sat and waited for more than _num_ minutes .
1	my husband and i ate here this evening .
0	do not go for the pumpkin patch !
1	i had to walk around the whole restaurant to find my husband .
0	pesto gnocchi okay , tiramisu okay ( except for the canned whipped cream ) .
1	husband and i stopped today for lunch .
0	everything else is a joke .
1	my husband and i usually stop at this chilis when we do go .
0	had no clue what i was talking about .
1	my husband purchased _num_ suits .
0	we will not be back .
1	my husband said they were n't bad .
0	she gave me an attitude .
1	my husband has eaten there before and was sorely disappointed as well .
0	last two years have noticed quality of food sadly going down .
1	my husband is a disabled veteran and they do n't care .
0	rude .
1	my husband was so annoyed .
0	everything we ordered was very very bland .
1	my husband and i recently ate at radio maria for dinner .
0	i 'm sure that this is a fluke and will be taken care of .
1	husband had osso buca was very tender but again flavorless .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	my husband 's was mediocre as he had described it .
0	the wings were fine , but nothing special .
1	husband ordered beef with broccoli - it was cold .
0	otherwise , probably not .
1	husband picked up dinner from here tonight .
0	bread pudding is always warm no ?
1	my husband 's steak and prawns were weak .
0	do not stay st this hotel .
1	my husband got a regular chicken burrito .
0	- none of the food was super awesome .
1	both of us ordered pancakes mine was regular pancakes and my husband was blueberry .
0	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
1	my husband & i ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time .
0	_num_ .
1	i asked how long as my husband was picking her up .
0	i guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it .
1	i told my husband at the end to tell the staff they lack beef .
0	coming here you get the feeling they have n't changed much .
1	and my husbands roasted chicken was frozen in the inside but cooked through ?
0	absolutely horrible customer service !
1	she asks my husband to reschedule .
0	oh , and its very very expensive !
1	my husband had never tried them so we took a chance .
0	in philly , they 'd be out of business in a heartbeat .
1	my husband and i had lunch here on one of his day 's off .
0	average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
1	we ordered egg rolls and my husband said this was his favorite thing .
0	nothing special .
1	my husband orders the calamari and i ordered the lobster bisque .
0	rude , unfriendly , just a miserable male server .
1	my husband and i stayed in pittsburgh for weeks and wanted to have pho .
0	the place was completely empty .
1	my husband took one bite and that was all he could handle .
0	on multiple occasions in the past , i have ordered hoagies from ron 's .
1	my husband had to flag him down and request our bill .
0	for $ _num_ i expected so expected something a lot better .
1	we selected western dental due to my husband 's tooth pain .
0	but no .
1	neither i nor my husband understood the hype about this place .
0	no salsa , no lettuce , guac , sour cream .
1	my husband did not eat them and thats saying a lot !
0	i 'd recommend stopping in another giant eagle if you can .
1	my husband said , i 'm looking for some dress shirts and pants .
0	_num_ stars .
1	even the horseradish , which my husband loves , did n't help .
0	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
1	my husband got the surf and turf and it was not good .
0	total dive bar with awful food and service .
1	the food was not very good to my husband and i .
0	penne was mediocre at best .
1	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
0	poor customer service .
1	my husband ordered two enchiladas , one machaca and one chicken .
0	overall :
1	my husband and i looked at each other wondering , huh ?
0	we finally just walked out to go elsewhere .
1	my husband was n't thrilled with his beef either .
0	her reply `` no .
1	good thing my husband was there , because that was rough .
0	why did n't we just leave then .
1	my husband & i , went here for lunch .
0	pamela is a bad representation of this location !
1	my husband 's dinner , pollo fundido , was not any better .
0	tons of garbage and food under these carts .
1	at that time my husband said he chicken was really good .
0	it was hard to find a machine .
1	my husband got pizza , and i tried a bite .
0	do n't waste your time ... .
1	my husband and i could not finish anything .
0	she was as useless as a tsa agent .
1	the husband had a shredded beef enchilada & taco combo .
0	noise level -- painful ?
1	my husband got the wood grilled blackened halibut , and it was tiny .
0	i was totally underwhelmed .
1	my husband died here when he should not have died at all !
0	this crust , while thin , did not have flavor and was hard .
1	my husband left the car again to have the repair corrected .
0	very noisy .
1	my husband ordered a bacon cheeseburger and i had the veggie benedict .
0	however , their store hours are absolutely terrible .
1	husband went about a year ago .
0	- and they left me hanging .
1	i had two glasses of wine and my husband had two top shelf martinis .
0	at night it is a nightmare .
1	my husband let me try a bite of his rueben which was really good .
0	this restaurant has really gone downhill over the last few years .
1	last night , my husband and _num_ brothers came in at 11pm .
0	the sauce was to sweet and the cheese was not right to me .
1	my husband and i come to the wine room often because we live nearby .
0	i have no idea why it ever left the kitchen .
1	i tried to talk my husband into not tipping but he is a gentleman .
0	went a few times and the last visit made me sick .
1	however , my husband woke up with some kind of bug bites .
0	one of worst patient experiences .
1	husband and i went tonight .
0	not horrible , just nothing to write home about .
1	my husband 's walleye was not so excellent .
0	nothing was comped and no manager was available .
1	never got the medicine my husband needed .
0	terrible .
1	my husband and i chose this place after golfing one sunday .
0	but i quickly learned my lesson .
1	but the woman who runs the restaurant with her husband blew my mind .
0	they did n't wash my hair and the haircut took about _num_ minutes .
1	my husband refused his sandwich and we left .
0	this was my big mistake .
1	my husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked .
0	pleasant staff , but poor quality work .
1	my husband and i are pretty patient people , but this was ridiculous .
