0	the server went out of her way to make us feel uncomfortable .
1	terrible customer service , mediocre ice cream and high prices .
0	cold food ?
1	the only thing my nephew ate was an ice cream cone !
0	it was quite small though .
1	nothing worse than terribly old ice tea !
0	next time i 'll try morton 's or capital grille .
1	vanilla , espresso , milk then ice .
0	the bloody mary was completely disgusting .
1	half of the baskin robin ice cream was put away .
0	will defiantly not go there again !
1	later , i see a server putting a shaved ice desert on our table .
0	but i really would n't recommend going there .
1	* flavor - the ice cream here is too sweet .
0	just my _num_ cents .
1	they would fill the water up with _num_ percent ice , refill again please .
0	unfortunately the reality did n't match the idea of the burger .
1	melted ice cream is gross , but tasted ok .
0	his side of mac and cheese was laughable .
1	not even a small scoop of ice cream at the end .
0	change management and has gone down hill .
1	we ordered a thai iced tea since the water was no good .
0	they are a hot mess .
1	also , there is n't anywhere to sit inside the ice cream shop .
0	thanks for starving us avis and making us sleep in our cars .
1	ordered ice tea , no one came around for refills .
0	in the running for one of the worst restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	uncle says no sweat , just put it in some ice .
0	i do n't understand how this place is even in business .
1	absolutely horrible service , food , iced chai tea latte , and cinnamon roll .
0	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
1	my ice bucket was not cleaned out as it had dried vomit in it .
0	pirates , steelers , penguins etc ?
1	we ordered long island iced teas and they were tasty but weak .
0	i 'll spend my money elsewhere !
1	horrible service , mediocre ice cream .
0	not good customer service .
1	snow and ice storm the person backed out on me .
0	did not taste like hibachi at all .
1	then , not thinking , i ordered fried ice cream .
0	the servers are rude and slow , and the food is awful .
1	how is the ice cream machine broken in june in vegas .
0	the next morning we tried to leave and it was nearly impossible .
1	i 'm convinced the ice they use is made of frozen tears .
0	when it was brought back , there was a small hair in it .
1	no ice bucket in the room .
0	when i said something to her about it , she snapped at me .
1	iced green tea was very yummy .
0	i was absolutely horrified !
1	my thai iced tea seemed to have been watered down as well .
0	there was no salad or pasta side offered .
1	the ice is bad , the price outrageous .
0	i think she got _num_ out of every _num_ drink orders correct .
1	this week was the last try - they had no ice .
0	as a customer i really do n't care .
1	ugh , this is taking forever ... long wait times for expensive ice cream !
0	had a beer and an appetizer , so-so .
1	fried ice cream is not to be found anywhere on the menu .
0	my burger was well done and dry .
1	while we were getting ice cream , my husband was looking for cannoli .
0	such a shame .
1	the buffalo chicken was completely gross and the chicken was cold as ice .
0	this place is pretty bad .
1	there were humongous ice chunks and barely any bubbles !
0	a couple tables taken , but no sign of staff in the bar .
1	also , the night we went , the place ran out of ice ?
0	battered and fried .
1	why ca n't they brew the ice tea correctly ?
0	it 's a gas station , how hard can it be ?
1	no thanks , ice cream does n't make everything better .
0	the crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic .
1	but i should n't have ordered the ice cream .
0	another _num_ minutes pass and we finally got our order .
1	it is such a shame because kids love getting ice cream .
0	after waiting another five to ten minutes someone finally came .
1	waited _num_ minutes for _num_ ice cream treats , extremely disappointed .
0	mediocre food and also over-priced .
1	`` how come you not use the machine for mix ice cream ?
0	i stood there for approx 5-7 mins before i was even acknowledged .
1	why is almost all the 1/2 gallon ice cream no longer a 1/2 gallon ?
0	ridiculous .
1	i just do n't get why the floor is like and ice skating rink .
0	i 'll be honest , i just do n't get it .
1	and it 's going to be cold anyway even with no ice .
0	since we were staying one night , this was a major disappointment .
1	for starters we were served ice cold meatballs and limp soggy salads .
0	i did n't even know you could go wrong with chicken marsala !
1	a regular ice cream cone was $ _num_ .
0	she said `` fine '' ( rude ) .
1	worst ice cream ever !
0	dirty place and horrible service .
1	i got _num_ cups of ice cream .
0	when our food came though , everything was below average .
1	ice cream is ok .
0	the only flavors were vinegar and pepper .
1	no ice , but they only brought one drink .
0	there 's never any reason to be rude to your patrons .
1	was also disappointed they did n't have ice tea made .
0	they lost my breakfast business that day .
1	how hard is it to put blue icing on it instead of pink ?
0	too many other good choices nearby to give them a second chance - sorry .
1	i 'm really into ice cream and was expecting decent soft serve .
0	nope , wo n't be back .
1	the long island iced tea was not made correctly .
0	this is a gathering place for human garbage anymore .
1	it tasted like bad syrup in crushed ice .
0	but would it kill you to spend a little to upgrade your rooms ?
1	there are no hand carts - i just needed ice cream .
0	my appointment was at 8:30 am , i was on time .
1	not very alert , begging for water or ice chips .
0	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
1	the flan was ok & the chocolate chimis with ice cream were pretty good .
0	based on my experience , i wo n't be returning anytime soon .
1	not a huge deal but the 2nd machine had no ice .
0	poor follow up .
1	the sangria had more ice than anything else and was very expensive .
0	waited _num_ minutes for our drinks and an additional _num_ minutes for our food .
1	i called american ice machines , they send out a technician the same day .
0	this trend has to stop , it is not ok .
1	long wait for ok ice cream .
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	if you want regular ice cream , expect to pay $ _num_ a scoop .
0	i would not recommend this company to anyone ever .
1	no more ice , especially on a day like the 4th of july .
0	it 's not worth it .
1	in the ice cream case was a sliced pecan pie .
0	that he had been there _num_ months and never had a complaint ?
1	i will say the vending machine has some ice cold beverages .
0	and this was an early lunch with very few customers around .
1	milk , ice cream , caramel ?
0	do n't waste your time here , especially if you have kids .
1	_num_ waters and ice tea ( almost no ice ) .
0	sweating at the lanes while trying to hold a loaded gun .
1	i ordered a turkey sandwich meal with chips and diet coke no ice .
0	i said no , not yet which was probably a mistake .
1	no ice on any floor .
0	i want you to know i 'm not just an `` angry customer '' .
1	while ice cream might be delicious , service was horrendous .
0	i do n't enjoy doing it .
1	my _num_ year old had the kids meal which included an ice cream scoop .
0	this pizza is mediocre at best .
1	they only thing they did right was the ice cream .
0	)
1	but i still wish my shaved ice would have been what i was expecting .
0	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
1	they 're concern should be bugs in the ice cream .
0	third , i 've personally had issues with meat quality here .
1	who serves a drink without ice ?
0	no excuse for an overcooked steak ever , and all ordered medium rare .
1	i order an ice tea , it was horrible !
0	good cheap food .
1	i just left with a smoothie that was full of chunks of ice .
0	i would n't call this place authentic korean bbq .
1	they never seem to have any ice cream cakes available .
0	the sides left much to be desired .
1	their general smoothie recipe is now _num_ % ice and _num_ % fruit juice .
0	there is no other way to describe everything in my room .
1	we ordered ice tea and it tasted horrible .
0	the collard greens were insanely salty .
1	wrong ice cream , wrong topping .
0	ok , mistake .
1	hamburgers , hotdogs , shakes and ice cream .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	the charge nurse brought ice chips in _num_ minutes .
0	after spending over $ _num_ plus games , we will never go back .
1	prefer no attitude with my ice cream .
0	if i was _num_ i would have beat his ass over that .
1	all the food was ice cold and disgusting .
0	pricing is horrendous for beers .
1	i loaded up the family and the free ice cream coupons .
0	it 's like they hate their lives .
1	the ice cream was not necessary and almost too sweet .
0	not going back again .
1	the passport ice tea is hit or miss .
0	not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job .
1	ordered our usual burgers and first came out ice cold .
0	got a bang trim , a low # _num_ cut , and a wash .
1	_num_ strikes on one ice coffee .
0	the deal also comes with either a small app or a dessert to share .
1	shoddy customer service to say the least and less than quality ice cream .
0	i 'm not a huge fan of this location .
1	the hostess was just cold as ice .
0	stay away and never look back .
1	and the ice cream is very plain .
0	tables are often dirty .
1	no refill in drinks except ice tea .
0	i gave it twice and no one bothered to contact me .
1	also , the small glass was _num_ % ice each time .
0	ridiculous .
1	did n't even give us a bowl of birthday ice cream .
0	we also got an order of _num_ hot wings .
1	no ice cream and no recognition of my son 's birthday .
0	our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
1	nothing special , just some plain old ice cream and say , caramel .
0	worst .
1	the ice machine was empty and the paper towels the restroom were also empty .
0	so pissed !
1	there was no ice for the iced tea or soda .
0	food was _num_ out of _num_ for this type of bar / restaurant .
1	unfortunately service was horrible and the food was ice cold when we received it .
0	almost three days later , i had n't heard back from them .
1	plus , i do n't care for the taste of their ice cream .
0	$ _num_ for one meatball and three bites of pasta .
1	no ice in cooler .
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	i like their vanilla ice cream , this flavor did nothing for it .
0	that was not acceptable to me .
1	even though this is an ice cream shop i would n't take your kids .
0	they said it would take another two hours to start work .
1	turkey was not hot on anybody 's plate and ice cold on another .
0	it was very greasy and had virtually no crab .
1	iced tea ... no ice .
0	just there last evening after a _num_ hour shift at work .
1	only the vanilla ice cream and whipped cream were any good .
0	what i got was about _num_ inches taken off and no layers .
1	the ice cream cake we just purchased was horrible !
0	i mean really loud .
1	came through the drive through to order ice cream and the machine is down .
0	in short , i do not believe we will be dining here again .
1	my bad for not saying ice , i guess .
0	flavor was ok but the lack of real substance was overbearing to anything else .
1	awful customer service and crappy ice cream .
0	i have never in my life seen anything like it .
1	i ordered _num_ long island ice teas during the fights .
0	we wo n't return here .
1	but it is pricey ( for ice cream i mean ) .
0	not even close .
1	the fish on display were in ice was mostly melted .
0	unfortunately , the good feelings did n't last long .
1	ice cream does not taste good and is way over priced .
0	worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
1	no breaking of the ice .
0	that 's not an eatery either .
1	`` sorry , we 're out of ice cream , too . ''
0	worst customer service i 've seen in a while .
1	no ice on either side .
0	the customer service displayed was some of the worst i have ever seen .
1	this one event will probably deter me from ice cream all together .
0	not even the shuttle goes anywhere useful .
1	worst fried ice cream we 've ever had !
0	service was sub par at best .
1	i ordered crme brulee and my husband had their almond basket with ice cream .
0	service was great but it sure was n't morton 's quality ?
1	a cup given with no ice and a bottle of soda ?
0	inconsistent again .
1	she came to take our drink order , _num_ diet , _num_ ice tea .
0	not anymore though .
1	free iced tea refill but he never came back to check on us .
0	`` it 's not coming off !
1	btw ... i used to never eat ice cream .
0	this place offers really poor service .
1	i said for the ice bucket that 's ridiculous .
0	i 'm never going back , and you should n't either .
1	the cold dishes was about _num_ '' off the ice .
0	i 'm nothing if not organized .
1	i give them _num_ stars only because i suspect they have good ice cream .
0	worst customer service .
1	there is no fridge or ice maker .
0	gross , gross , gross .
1	it 's fucking ice cream , and not even good ice cream .
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	i also think the ice tea was instant because it did n't taste fresh .
0	absolute _num_ % avoid at all costs .
1	this is the worst ice cream i 've ever had .
0	the screens were tiny and the women 's restroom smelled of stale piss .
1	he continued serving drinks to customers using the same ice .
0	find something ... anything else ... it is going to disappoint .
1	the drinks were all ice and refills were not timely .
0	i had to wait _num_ hours just for a pick up for this crap .
1	i even tried to bring a cooler bag with ice packs .
0	not surprisingly , we left without purchasing anything .
1	i nearly paid $ _num_ for like _num_ bites of soft serve ice cream .
0	my steak hoagie was actually two mini sandwiches .
1	nothing like an ice cold wash .
0	i did n't finish it .
1	i had a craving for ice cream so tried this .
0	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
1	the panda passion iced tea was not that good .
0	the wait for someone to take our drink order was rather long .
1	the problem is that the ice cream is soupy .
0	awful customer service !
1	vanilla ice cream with wet nuts and baby roaches .
0	most of the staff were borderline rude or down right rude .
1	the ice cream technician could only take one order at a time .
0	described as having crab , lobster and shrimp .
1	iced water ... no ice .
0	i just do n't understand why they 're so lazy .
1	icing on cake was to charge $ _num_ additional deep cleaning service .
0	very disappointed in our delivery order this evening .
1	the thai ice tea was decent , but it was all downhill from there .
0	they lead me to each exit , and each time they were locked .
1	unfortunately , out of _num_ visits they have only had the bagged ice once .
0	$ _num_ locker .
1	no singing , no ice cream , nothing ... just a mediocre meal .
0	_num_ ) red beans rice and sausage was not good .
1	no elevators , and one ice machine seven buildings away .
0	it 's not that delish .
1	the ice cream was too too sweet .
0	i was sooooo disappointed with this hotel .
1	we also asked for extra ice and such , but our waitress never remembered .
0	very disappointing easter dinner .
1	he replied and stated he had bread with no egg and ice cream .
0	it took _num_ minutes for our waitress to even come to our table !
1	my wife had an ice cream scoop of chopped liver .
0	they do not care about animals .
1	`` she is on thin ice with the owner who is right there .
0	needless to say , will be my last time going there .
1	i am waiting just ice coffee _num_ minutes .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	promptly served _num_ glasses of ice water and a menu .
0	the spring rolls were nothing special and heavy on something off flavored .
1	no ice .
0	and fallen far .
1	just ice it and try to stay off it .
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	we had no ice bucket , not enough towels and the window was open !
0	she thought the potato side was just so-so .
1	no lemon in my ice tea .
0	how were _num_ people in the _num_ seat restaurant and one small takeout order .
1	no staff was on the ice to keep at least some order to things .
0	and proceeded to scream at her for several minutes .
1	he ran out of pink icing so he made it green .
0	worst place ever !
1	no ice machine .
0	i am so frustrated with this service .
1	i stopped getting ice cream drinks here because they do it the same everytime .
0	our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
1	$ _num_ for one scoop of vanilla ice cream .
0	waitress did apologize for cup but it was too late - chose to leave .
1	she was prompt at with refilling our ice tea , but not hovering .
0	it lacks the true flavor that pho broth should have .
1	our ice teas were low and she never offered to refill them .
0	very rude and unprofessional , do n't go there !
1	ice cold corona 's at $ _num_ a pop .
0	also , i wrote to the restaurant and received no response .
1	the ice cream was nothing special .
0	it was very bland and did n't have a lot of taste to it .
1	we were greeted very warmly by one of the ice cream technicians .
0	my husband & i ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time .
1	they could only give ice to customers .
0	also they do not take credit or debit cards .
1	also boba tea is nothing like boba but just some melted ice .
0	_num_ .
1	the ice cream itself is nothing special .
0	my overall point is just be careful working with them .
1	they have two soft serve ice cream machines , neither of which were working .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	ordered bread pudding and our ice cream came out with freezer burn !
0	what i received was a whole milk latte .
1	the $ _num_ house margarita was in a tiny ice filled glass .
0	pizza was fine but nothing special .
1	the only ice cream that they had was cinnamon flavored - very mediocre .
0	what a disappointment !
1	it was _num_ percent ice .
0	this is a neighborhood denny 's with a bar .
1	and add so much ice , i should n't have to tip .
0	selection of veggies are ok .
1	lastly when i decided to get ice , there was no ice bucket .
0	the server takes my plate , and says they would make it right .
1	never before have i been denied ice waters in arizona before .
0	the worst customer service ever !
1	the appetizer was stuffed mushrooms that were served ice cold .
0	we just ignored this and ate the calamari , as is .
1	ice cream was not cold enough .
0	_num_ minutes later my date had finished his meal and my fries were gone .
1	the milkshakes were _num_ % milk and _num_ % ice cream .
0	i would probably only go again on an all-you-can-eat wings night .
1	the vanilla bean tasted a lot like vanilla ice cream .
0	very rude and once they get paid have no ethics .
1	i got ta turkey sandwich or so i hope with a soda with ice .
0	horrible !
1	warm chocolate brioche bread pudding topped with vanilla ice cream ?
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've had .
1	as for the ice arena , it 's pretty awesome !
0	however they ( waitresses ) were nice and apologetic .
1	no refill on ice tea .
0	but quality steaks can be eaten at much better priced establishments .
1	ice cream is just ok imo and overpriced for the quality .
0	total waste of $ _num_ bucks .
1	but she said no , we absolutely could not order ice cream separately .
0	risotto , while one of my favorites , is n't pasta .
1	fish tacos have no taste , shrimp tacos came out ice cold .
0	my wife 's dinner was bland .
1	dairy queen only serves two flavors of ice cream so this is fairly unacceptable .
0	however some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross .
1	not even the ice cream cones were good .
0	it came w duck ragu that was ice cold !
1	the thai iced tea was overly sweet and even the fortune cookies where cheap .
0	mine needed a bit more sauce to make not as dry .
1	$ _num_ and they were almost all vanilla ice cream .
0	you should always have your car washed , specially in the winter .
1	central location , awful execution of ice cream creations .
0	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
1	it tasted like plain ol ' chocolate ice cream .
0	that 's what i get for being lazy , probably .
1	thrifty ice cream customers do not get any respect at this store .
0	they do n't know how to do business .
1	waitress brought out a drink with water and ice .
0	we sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable .
1	okay , no ice cream for me , thanks .
