0	cold .
1	unfortunately , they forgot the key ingredient - `` freshness . ''
0	i 'll be sure to spend my money elsewhere next time .
1	the fish and ingredients that they use are not fresh .
0	why would you not just get our drinks ?
1	the seafood cocktail is a soup of wonderful ingredients .
0	i will not be returning again .
1	fresh ingredients make the flavor pop all the more !
0	awkward .
1	this place is missing one key ingredient : flavor .
0	no thanks casbah !
1	which btw have really bad ingredients .
0	lost sale opportunity .
1	very fresh ingredients , and simply delicious .
0	the market square location has the most horrible service i 've ever experienced .
1	on more than one occasion they have been out of ingredients .
0	to each his own , i guess .
1	the sandwiches are excellent and they are not shy with the ingredients .
0	they also rushed me during my final fitting .
1	the ingredients are always fresh and the selection is good .
0	maybe i just had a bad day .
1	awesome ingredients make awesome pizza .
0	we will not be going back .
1	i was impressed by the taste and the quality of ingredients .
0	something that was supposed to be a treat for me turned into a headache .
1	seems like a great place to buy ingredients for mediterranean dishes though .
0	this rink just did n't blow my mind .
1	even the ingredients were terrible .
0	most fast food places fall in the the meh category for me .
1	the plates we had were simple fare with exceptional ingredients .
0	terrible .
1	the quality of the ingredients used is all very low .
0	i got rid of it myself , though lol .
1	it was a mix of ingredients that just did n't work .
0	the atmosphere was atrocious .
1	bar bianco shows how fresh ingredients make all the difference .
0	the owner clearly has no idea how to cut curly hair .
1	i also like their daily menu , fresh stuff and high quality ingredients .
0	wo n't visit again .
1	the quality of the ingredients is poor to fair .
0	they offered me nothing .
1	the ingredients are always fresh and tasty .
0	both plates were mediocre at best .
1	each half of the pizza contained the exact ingredients i wanted for lunch .
0	only _num_ stars for location .
1	they use good ingredients and present dishes well .
0	if only they could train their employees better .
1	ingredients were n't fresh and the gyro was heavy on the spices .
0	the meatballs sub , my mother said was cold and undercooked .
1	fresh ingredients and friendly service make johnny a must visit for burrito lovers .
0	they do not care about animals , at all .
1	the crust and ingredients are cheap copies of what once was .
0	do the bartenders here not work on tips ?
1	every ingredient in the bowl was old and of low quality including the ramen .
0	the place smells of smoke .
1	the ingredients were spot on !
0	it is not .
1	some local ingredients .
0	it was like getting waited on by 1st job people .
1	so i guess they do not use fresh ingredients .
0	thats as american as fortune cookies .
1	mole has nearly _num_ ingredients in it so the flavors are usually complex .
0	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
1	large portions , great ingredients at a low cost .
0	worst applebee 's experience i 've had .
1	their ingredients are always fresh , and they sometimes offer organic options .
0	i 'm sorry but what is the big deal ?
1	all the ingredients are fresh .
0	i did n't care .
1	it should n't be that hard to keep _num_ or so ingredients filled .
0	this place has the worst french fries i have ever tasted .
1	good quality ingredients .
0	want to pay too much money for fish that smells like a sewer ?
1	turns out the ingredients are a lot better than they appear .
0	for me the food was terrible .
1	it was so delicious with fresh ingredients .
0	avoid !
1	fresh , authentic , all natural ingredients and very good prices .
0	horrible communication skills and customer service .
1	the food was bland and the quality of the ingredients was low .
0	absolutely horrible customer service and product being sold to the public .
1	i 'm pretty sure there were no other ingredient .
0	not all the prices are on the website , which makes for difficult planning .
1	it was extremely bland , as if a major ingredient was missing ... sugar ?
0	went to easter brunch , was served some coffee from a can .
1	the cocktails with fresh ingredients and yummy !
0	do n't think i 'll be back .
1	the pizza is the best in the area -- exquisite crust , nice ingredients .
0	the drive through service here leaves something to be desired .
1	go to fry 's buy own ingredients make a better breakfast .
0	instead it 's a runny broth at the bottom of the bowl .
1	great pizza , all ingredients are fresh and made at the shop .
0	if you are going to shop here , do not use their delivery service .
1	not very supreme with respect to its ingredients and they used plain white bread .
0	ugh .
1	in addition to the cheap ingredients , their sauce is bad .
0	if you want terrible pizza go here .
1	even main dish is lacking ingredients and no taste .
0	_num_ .
1	it 's a shame , too because the ingredients were on point .
0	now , after picking up my dress we realized they ordered the wrong size !
1	so-so to gross ingredients , edible but barely .
0	all in all , it was a disappointment this year .
1	everything was made with fresh ingredients , cooked to perfection .
0	as noted by other posters the waitress was the bartender .
1	it lacks in ingredients however , and just leaves me wanting more .
0	the chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer .
1	freshest ingredients , huge portions and very reasonable pricing .
0	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
1	dinner can be pricey but worth it for such good food and quality ingredients .
0	i 've had good meals here , and i 've had really bad ones .
1	it was tasty , rich with ingredients , and good amount .
0	it 's a shame .
1	it tasted and the texture was very cheap ingredients .
0	unfortunately , it was not as good as i hoped .
1	not well prepared , low quality ingredients ... i do n't get it .
0	some things cold , when they should be hot .
1	- they carry some ingredients that might be hard to find elsewhere .
0	_num_ .
1	therefore , all the key ingredients fell apart on me leaving a fat mess .
0	all of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go .
1	it really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients .
0	no wonder it is for sale .
1	tasted like can and jar ingredients and was cold on the inside .
0	lame as heck .
1	ingredients are still the same , it just tastes different .
0	service was ok but occasionally inattentive .
1	perfect spiciness and delicious ingredients .
0	there were n't even many toppings to make it soggy .
1	_num_ fresh , fresh , fresh ingredients .
0	if i wanted a microwave omelet i would have gone to burger king .
1	fresh ingredients .
0	it is just disgusting .
1	the chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot .
0	not same price .
1	a good store to pick up your east asian cooking ingredients .
0	this hotel is a complete ripoff !
1	the ingredients were fresh and flavorful ; just like italian food should be .
0	by far the worst service we 've had in a while .
1	quality ingredients .
0	poor customer service when trying to use reward from app .
1	the ingredients at bucks are cheap but the pizzas are not .
0	staff was supposed to help with a reservation and dropped the ball .
1	ie skinny burgers with simple ingredients ( ie american cheese and ketchup ) .
0	do n't get me wrong ... the food is not atrocious .
1	but i really like the pizza here , nice and crisp with quality ingredients .
0	i personally find its only real saving grace to be the outdoor deck .
1	everything was super tasty , good quality ingredients , piping hot .
0	the waiter was horrible and barely checked on us .
1	huge portions , great ingredients all very fresh .
0	my mom had spaghetti with meat sauce and said it was just mediocre .
1	definitely a great place to go for specific ingredient shopping .
0	the breadsticks were sitting a in pool of oil .
1	good ingredients , well prepared and fair price .
0	lots of drink choices ... beers ... wines ... mixed drinks .
1	very inexpensive for pittsburgh but you can taste quality ingredients .
0	and , insult to injury , my bloody mary was watered down .
1	the dishes were original and delicious with fresh ingredients and flavor .
0	and then she said `` no , what kind of dress . ''
1	good foods and fresh ingredients ... thanks for the fine meal !
0	the problem is , they do n't show on the assigned day to clean .
1	upscale chinese restaurant that uses fresh ingredients .
0	i was quoted $ _num_ for them to get it off .
1	snow crab is not the main ingredient to every roll !
0	so disappointed .
1	salad that i ordered was missing some of the ingredients on the menu .
0	tables are often dirty .
1	quality ingredients prepared perfectly .
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	the service was slow waitress did not know the menu or the ingredients .
0	boring and expensive .
1	`` car broke down so was unable to get fresh ingredients for today .
0	i also had a few bites of the chicken marsala .
1	the best place in the strip to get asian ingredients .
0	the store is extremely pricey and nothing really interested us .
1	ingredients also included turkey , guacamole and jack cheese .
0	worst customer service .
1	food is excellent , nice focused menu , fresh ingredients and nice wines .
0	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
1	fresh ingredients and very flavorful !
0	she over charged us for her very badly made drinks .
1	it was very delicious and made with ingredients grown on the farm .
0	there are just too many misses in my book though .
1	everything is made very cheap with no quality ingredients .
0	the eggplant was soggy and not great .
1	with ketchup for sauce ) small portions and cheap ingredients .
0	been here twice ; both times it was an awful experience .
1	i seriously consider that they may have forgotten an ingredient ?
0	the subway system only goes to one neighborhood from downtown .
1	my meal had all the correct ingredients , but the wrong proportions .
0	shame , the fish was good there .
1	solid deli with good ingredients , quick service and reasonable prices .
0	do n't use the drive-thru .
1	the ingredients are incredibly low quality and it tastes bad .
0	i 'll go back for the scallops , but would n't recommend anything else .
1	the crab puffs were missing a key ingredient ... .
0	sure , it 's friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable .
1	you can tell that they use high quality ingredients .
0	poor excuse for seafood !
1	the ingredients are very fresh unlike the franchise places .
0	the food itself was not too bad .
1	they were very skimpy on the ingredients .
0	do n't waste your time or money !
1	ingredients and preparation match authentic ny delis for me .
0	sausage was disgusting .
1	ingredients were of low quality with no taste .
0	the real reason for the single star was the cole slaw .
1	the ingredients just were n't fresh or something .
0	so i went back first thing the next day , and showed the tailor .
1	basic ingredients , the food was something anyone could have easily made at home .
0	ick !
1	it was poorly made and poor ingredients were used .
0	rude !
1	the pad thai was bland and seemed to lack ingredients .
0	bill was $ _num_ without tax -- pricey by my standards for this experience .
1	high quality ingredients , well prepared .
0	the service was annoying .
1	the ingredients tasted expired , i could only manage to eat a couple bites .
0	i asked for my money back .
1	for starters , they use low quality ingredients yet charge full price .
0	the service was slow and lukewarm .
1	they seem to have run out of all the ingredients .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the salad with the lobster roll , hold the bread .
1	great pizza fresh ingredients !
0	this place is less than mediocre .
1	for natural ingredients and consistent quality baked goods this place is it .
0	it was n't the best meal as far as service was concerned .
1	crisp , spicy , and full of fresh ingredients , a must try .
0	overall , very disappointed .
1	my scallops were gritty and missing ingredients listed on the menu .
0	those expectations kind of fell flat .
1	you those restaurants that just use really subpar ingredients for everything ?
0	over priced , over hyped but a hell of a time regardless .
1	the ingredients are so fresh and the pizza is so yummy !
0	i told him they are too noisy .
1	the _num_ other ingredients it came with were missing .
0	mediocre at best .
1	usually it is flavorless and made with low quality ingredients .
0	_num_ minutes later , our food and the bill arrived .
1	it 's just kinda nasty and the quality of their ingredients is pretty low .
0	not worth the trip .
1	granted they made it fresh , but i suspect they used cheap ingredients .
0	the dishes that night were sub-par , which was a first .
1	i do n't get how they use better ingredients and it tastes terrible .
0	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
1	and the ingredients are really , really cheap .
0	neither of us were surprised .
1	quality ingredients and decent prices .
0	they do not stand by their mistakes .
1	it simply was n't sweet enough and seemed to be lacking an ingredient .
0	and then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too .
1	i freakin love the taco meat and fresh ingredients here !
0	the prices here can be ridiculous .
1	no excuse to miss one of the main ingredients .
0	the food was also not too good .
1	good balance of quality ingredients , and crust is consistently finished .
0	i have no idea why it ever left the kitchen .
1	the ingredients were n't fresh and the food was n't cooked properly .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	fresh ingredients in both the pizza and the pasta .
0	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
1	the salad was missing majority of ingredients .
0	first , i feel like they pull the prices out of thin air .
1	the broth had wonderful flavor and the ingredients were all fresh and flavorful .
0	the room had a musty smell to it .
1	ingredients are fresh , crust is perfect hand tossed .
0	even at the discounted price we paid for queens feast we felt robbed .
1	great food with fresh ingredients and very reasonable prices .
0	crappy place .
1	everything is freshly prepared with good ingredients .
0	the pizza bagels were soggy yet burned .
1	the ingredients are always very fresh and the staff is friendly .
0	did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates .
1	there is no flavor to any of the ingredients .
0	also the restaurant is not really clean either .
1	no info on the ingredients .
0	all in all this pizza just sucks .
1	low quality ingredients .
0	in short , i do not believe we will be dining here again .
1	more importantly , every ingredient in the pizza sucked .
0	i am a big fan of olive garden but not this one .
1	i 'm very disappointed that they forgot again my ingredients .
0	no wonder the service was horrible !
1	the secret ingredient in welcome diner is love .
0	it saved me from cooking and doing dishes though .
1	fresh , local ingredients which makes this place even more awesome !
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	they over charge and their ingredients are sub par .
0	this place is popular , but it is just is not for me !
1	never been to a restaurant that stingy with ingredients .
0	luckily , it was n't an issue for me to move .
1	they use fresh ingredients .
0	i hate olive garden .
1	the main ingredients just seem to be lacking in quality .
0	it was then i noticed small mold spots in the shower .
1	it is now made with cheap ingredients and tastes like oil .
0	the only reason i gave it a _num_ is because the steak was good .
1	sub-par ingredients , all the sauces now taste almost exactly the same .
0	for how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends .
1	all of the ingredients used at tessaro 's are fresh and of superior quality .
0	_num_ .
1	fresh ingredients !
0	the sad part is that its not even the technicians fault .
1	it came off like a trendy chain restaurant getting by on average ingredients .
0	this place is the worst , and i have never even stepped inside !
1	their ingredients always taste fresh !
0	delivery was fast but the food was terrible !
1	all ingredients are always fresh with meals and plates made to order .
0	wrong again !
1	highly recommend this spot ... great vibe , great people , great ingredients !
0	guess it was ok ?
1	they 've substituted unique dishes with cheap , low quality ingredients .
0	i do n't quite trust anybody else to help me properly .
1	the ingredients always taste so fresh .
0	they just are n't nice .
1	lets just say the ingredients in all their foods are lacking significantly .
0	i went back to the counter to find a different manager .
1	nice service fresh ingredients .
0	there was absolutely no excuse for his attitude .
1	pizza was n't flavorful and ingredients were n't fresh .
0	the bones are small and barely have any meat on them at all .
1	the only ingredient that was worth a darn was the sauce .
0	my jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke .
1	it is a white pizza with minimal ingredients except for the lamb skewers .
0	no apologies nothing .
1	they have very fresh ingredients to top your burritos and salads .
0	Very negative
1	firstly the ingredients are fresh fresh .
0	i gave up and refused the offer for another .
1	food was well cooked and fresh ingredients - it was worth sitting outside !
0	here on vacation and the waitress seemed annoyed we wanted food .
1	i love that they use local ingredients and keep their menu small and creative .
0	and once again , pretty nasty .
1	again , the magic is the high quality of ingredients .
0	you are better off going to another nearby dry cleaner .
1	salad not near the quality of freshness and ingredients of phx .
0	mind you , our food still has n't came yet .
1	unique dishes , with quality ingredients .
0	horrible experience .
1	the ingredients are very fresh and the portions are just right .
0	i think i 'll be going elsewhere next time .
1	if you want a smoothie made with quality ingredients , this is your spot !
0	very classy , wish i could remember her name .
1	the sauce was not listed in the ingredients on the menu .
0	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
1	the ingredients were fresh and delicious .
0	you may want to consider having the pizza delivered .
1	generous portions and the ingredients are made fresh every day .
0	i was quickly greeted by paul - who was great !
1	the dough is not right the ingredients are not seasoned enough .
0	it was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice !
1	they always run out of main ingredients .
0	did n't clean under my nails after lotion .
1	we enjoyed their commitment to fresh and quality ingredients .
0	not much for atmosphere .
1	the ingredients are fresh and tasty , and the portions are nice .
0	it 's not worth the headache .
1	my tastebuds just could not agree with the sauce or ingredients .
0	i was not impressed with the sushi either .
1	we did not bother to ask what ingredients are in it .
0	the crab cakes were definitely frozen , and not made from blue crab .
1	they have a daily menu that combines unique ingredients into a great blend .
0	huge mistake .
1	when i want to cook pretentious gourmet food , they have every ingredient ready .
0	completely unacceptable and disgusting to sell such expired food to your customers .
1	all in all , the ingredients and the noodles in the dish tasted cheap .
0	so not cool steelers !
1	fresh ingredients always cooked just right .
0	when the oysters came out , they did n't even look like oysters .
1	the food seems uninspired and the quality of ingredients is average .
0	reservations at 7:00 pm saturday .
1	ingredients were spot on , but it was lacking any real flavor .
0	giant eagle is one of pittsburgh 's more expensive grocery chains .
1	they offer fresh ingredients and a seasonal menu .
0	what a complete waste .
1	the food : a lot of interesting flavors , big portions , fresh ingredients .
0	most of our bill was the wine .
1	food here is expensive and they use sub-par ingredients .
0	very disappointing .
1	you can tell cheap ingredients are used .
0	i did not have internet for about a month .
1	to get to review : shitty greasy cheese and ingredients , so so crust .
0	slow .
1	they both were under cooked , the ingredients did n't taste fresh at all .
0	did n't know you could mess up chicken lo mein .
1	cool and creative names and ingredients how could you not love this place !
0	avoid this place unless you are looking for the happy ending .
1	quality ingredients at a very reasonable price .
0	it took forever for the food to arrive , it was a big bowl .
1	they just skimp on ingredients in general .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	tons of great food and ingredients to make great dishes yourself .
0	real bad .
1	freshness and the quality of ingredients are superb at this restaurant .
0	when we called they said no payment , no dogs .
1	also , definitely the place to shop for mediterranean cooking ingredients .
0	i would give carolina auto repair no stars if possible .
1	several times they 've screwed my order up , often leaving ingredients off completely .
0	_num_ . )
1	food is unique and offers great value with super fresh ingredients .
