0	clearly , they do n't need my business .
1	edit - the less expensive store was the highly rated park street location .
0	it was n't good at all .
1	the customer service at this location is terrible .
0	minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce .
1	the location is literally _num_ miles from the house .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	horrible customer service at this location .
0	inside is just average quality , equally average priced produce .
1	nothing like the location at town and country .
0	oh yeah , the ac sounds like a _num_ taking off above your bed .
1	will not be back to that location !
0	and they 're just rude .
1	so you ask why _num_ stars , simple it was location location .
0	this used to be my favorite place uptown .
1	walgreens - at least this location - has gone downhill .
0	man ... really bad from start to finish .
1	the entrance to this location always smells like spoiled milk .
0	very rude and condescending .
1	well this was our first attempt at this location and it was below expectations .
0	big waste of time and gas .
1	only been to applebee 's a few times but never this location .
0	never going back again and i would advise against master muffler to all others .
1	i 've been to _num_ different primanti locations and each one just seems greasy .
0	it was no more than _num_ minutes long .
1	the west side location was way better .
0	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
1	this hertz location is a complete toss up .
0	the italian and mushroom steak hoagies were n't that great .
1	however this location does not deserve your business .
0	this is a neighborhood denny 's with a bar .
1	then on top of that there are alot of break ins in this location .
0	boring .
1	this particular location is pretty hit or miss .
0	this is my third grocery store stop of the day .
1	i had my reservations about stopping at this location tonight .
0	really do n't know what to say .
1	good food , but poor service at this particular location .
0	i had the walnut crusted salmon sandwich and jordan had the reuben .
1	great location but low on amenities .
0	it has n't been cleaned in months .
1	this location does not have good service .
0	i would absolutely not return to this salon .
1	very poor customer service at this location .
0	but there was no one there .
1	i spent m it was such bad luck that i went to the location .
0	poor service that leaves tenants to fight mildew on their own .
1	i doubt that i 'll ever go back to this location again .
0	but they are n't reliable .
1	the old location would usually be moderately busy .
0	not up to it 's previous brunch standards .
1	yet another hertz location that does n't have cars for reservations .
0	for me the food was terrible .
1	will not frequent this location again .
0	not crispy at all assuming thats why it was so fast .
1	this location is terrible .
0	but sadly , it was n't .
1	i was very unimpressed with this olive garden location .
0	we got the curry chicken , beef with broccoli , and crab rangoons .
1	the location is not very big and feels crowded inside .
0	Negative
1	not enough servers at their new location .
0	cheap and crap service .
1	concord nc location : do n't go there !
0	second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious .
1	staff is also so young and distracted with one another at camelback location .
0	i also ordered the curry chicken noodle bowl .
1	i have probably rented from over a _num_ different hertz locations .
0	in fact i was quite disappointed .
1	go to sesame inn in north hills and other locations .
0	will not eat here again .
1	not a fan of this location .
0	they were gracious to direct us to signs that got us out of parking .
1	the location also seemed a bit sketchy ; i 'd avoid this one .
0	anyway , do n't try to eat here .
1	will not return at this location !
0	i 'll go back for the scallops , but would n't recommend anything else .
1	unfortunately at this location i was n't given a chance to get a pizza .
0	i also tried the key lime cake and sour cream and apple cake .
1	we probably wo n't be coming back to this location .
0	i do not recommend this place .
1	after visiting this location once , i will not be back .
0	when i say they messed up one of our pants , they destroyed it .
1	to be fair i tried oregano 's twice in _num_ different locations .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	i gave this location multiple chances .
0	monday , tuesday and wednesday came and went .
1	this location is no exception to that rule .
0	but oh , how the standards have fallen !
1	however , i will not be renting from this location again .
0	it was karaoke tonight , not my fav but whatever .
1	all honesty , you are better off going somewhere else or a different location .
0	i was not impressed with my sandwich there .
1	the market square location has the most horrible service i 've ever experienced .
0	this place is pretty bad .
1	this location made bland , flavorless chicken .
0	also , they did n't have much of a sushi menu at all .
1	the location , atmosphere , and service were all good so no complaints there .
0	i should have just gone to giant eagle .
1	the location of this restaurant needs to be updated .
0	my latte was n't bad ... was n't anything special either .
1	i love oregano 's , but this specific location is terrible .
0	night manager tried to enter my room at _num_ am while i was sleeping .
1	this is not the location to splurge on pricy cuts .
0	_num_ .
1	i wo n't return to this location .
0	they 'll cook the egg and bacon in their crap microwave for you .
1	the `` customer '' service and pharmacy are terrible at this location !
0	it was bitter cold outside .
1	the first time i rented from this location the rep was not very polite .
0	the fish sandwich arrived nearly _num_ minutes before the rest of our meals .
1	the staff at the downtown location tend to be rude .
0	no one came or even looked at us .
1	worst hertz location experience i have ever had .
0	when i asked the receptionist where the stylist was , she did n't know .
1	this has happened the last _num_ out of _num_ times i visited this location .
0	bad mistake .
1	_num_ minute wait in line to exit the rental car location .
0	place is a total joke .
1	never going there and telling my friend avoid this location !
0	_num_ .
1	good location , low prices , below par rooms .
0	she then disappeared for _num_ minutes before coming back to take a food order .
1	i thought i would try out this location , big mistake .
0	the lights were broken and the room was filthy .
1	we will not return to this chili 's location .
0	all that money spent elsewhere because of one power trip .
1	i love bbb ; however , this location is terrible .
0	who serves a drink without ice ?
1	this however was the worst food i have ever had at any location .
0	quickly losing stars .
1	unfortunately , this location has gone downhill over the years .
0	i am just hoping that i do n't get food poisoning later tonight .
1	i am a ten minute drive from this location .
0	i stood there for approx 5-7 mins before i was even acknowledged .
1	i 'm not a huge fan of this location .
0	if i could give dr. murphy less than _num_ star , i absolutely would .
1	something about this location just seems off .
0	i would give him a _num_ start rating .
1	save yourself lots of money and frustration and avoid this location .
0	am i the only one ?
1	i wish that i did n't have to give this location even one star .
0	i usually do both dry cleaning and wash and fold here .
1	worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location .
0	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
1	i will never visit this location again and will also write outback personally .
0	a party of _num_ , we agreed to sit _num_ and _num_ .
1	they , however promised to find me another location .
0	they also tend to forget some essential ( i.e .
1	i will not be returning to this location for anything .
0	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
1	i do n't like this location .
0	it 's somewhat upscale , but it 's not the ritz .
1	went to central ave location .
0	extremely disappointing .
1	will not be back to this location .
0	terrible .
1	this location was kind of busy .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	i 'm sure no one at this location cares either !
0	did n't see too much in particular that i loved about this place .
1	i keep forgetting how not good this location is .
0	ugh .
1	i love noodles but this location is going downhill fast .
0	i do n't think i 've ever encountered such a miserable bunch of people .
1	sadly i havent got my food quicker than _num_ minutes at this location .
0	it 'll never dry !
1	take it from a five star gold member : avoid this location if possible .
0	as for a place to spend money uptown i 'd skip it .
1	nothing special to note about this location of the papa john 's chain .
0	the beer is cheap .
1	the location and staff gives off bad vibes .
0	it was over $ _num_ thrown in the trash .
1	avoid this location .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	try to avoid this location .
0	do n't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes .
1	first and probably last time i dine at this red lobster location .
0	breakfast was good .
1	i doubt i will ever go back to a tgi fridays at any location .
0	try tom 's diner or eat 'n park instead .
1	while i like noodles & company in general , this location is lacking .
0	the tacos were decent but the rice and beans were horrible .
1	the uptown location is awful .
0	just had the panang tofu for lunch , and was crazy underwhelmed .
1	this location needs new management and new employees .
0	this was the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	other locations do much better than this one , it 's a shame really .
0	want a zero star option !
1	i really miss the west side location , they were on top of it .
0	the air conditioning was non existent , which is a hangover nightmare .
1	there 's nothing about this specific location that is bad .
0	instead of _num_ .
1	do n't use this location .
0	mediocre food , horrible service , zero follow through .
1	i hate this location .
0	the mashed potatoes were lukewarm at best , and the vegetables were cold .
1	i will probably not go back to this location again .
0	when it came out , it was pretty lousy .
1	really , the worst of the espresso locations on campus .
0	i 'd go back for bottled beer , that 's about it .
1	this location is the worst and has been for years .
0	my husband & i ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time .
1	the service at this location was terrible !
0	the coffee was disappointing -- it came with plastic cups of half & half .
1	this location has the worst service .
0	the menu is blah and the food is also .
1	i will never go to that location again !
0	-i split the giant beer battered fish sandwich .
1	great location but the facilities are a little tired .
0	there are better chinese places on pittsburgh - this place should be shut down !
1	nice location , but i will never go back again .
0	none of them responded to me .
1	as far as i know they are no longer open at this location .
0	these people are totally incompetent .
1	i will not be staying at this location again .
0	the waitress the first time i went was a little short , not personable .
1	i feel that i probably wo n't be going back to this location again .
0	rooms were clean and the amenities were fine .
1	the food is not prepared as well as the other locations .
0	i will never place an order for me & my coworkers again .
1	i am brand new to the area and never ordered from this location before .
0	food is adequate but service leaves something to be desired .
1	the worst hertz location i 've dealt with !
0	$ _num_ burgers , $ _num_ domestic bottles .
1	this location is not well maintained by management .
0	the okra and tomatoes were alright .
1	obviously management is not training well for customer service at this location .
0	ca n't wait till google comes to save us .
1	have not been to this location in awhile .
0	her reply `` no .
1	i 'm sure you can find better accommodations in this price range and location .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	we will not visit this location again .
0	it was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable .
1	avoid this location if you can .
0	it was dark and crowded ( and a little bit dingy ) .
1	do not get your alterations done at this location !
0	it tends to bring in the worst of people .
1	i would give this eat n park location zero stars if i could .
0	but getting to that point was one disaster after another .
1	i will not be returning to this location .
0	$ _num_ side dishes .
1	i visit phoenix frequently and this is my first stay at this location .
0	being treated extremely rudely by reception was the final straw .
1	go to scottsdale or tempe location instead .
0	i asked for a full refund , i was not spending my money here .
1	please do not use this location .
0	sadly , the professionalism of the front desk never got better .
1	i would n't even give them one star at this location !
0	finally , we felt like the whole restaurant clientele has declined .
1	there is a reason this location has such bad reviews .
0	richard does not make you feel comfortable .
1	i 've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced .
0	it 's not a very good longhorn .
1	this particular location is horrible .
0	it took another _num_ minutes before he actually got the pizza .
1	no stars for food or location of central and camelback !
0	sorry , just not interested .
1	not a great hertz location and they need much better signage and training .
0	even the guacamole was too hot .
1	i live _num_ minutes from their location .
0	i do not get the hype behind this place .
1	however , the people who run this location are entirely incompetent .
0	it 's a gas station , how hard can it be ?
1	i have noticed the trend in all the location but today was the worst .
0	the food was gross and i usually would n't say that about a place .
1	too expensive for the quality but they charge a lot due to location .
0	thankfully they give it to me without further lip .
1	was very very disappointed with this location .
0	neither one greeted me or asked me what i would have like to order .
1	ate there last night for one reason , the fabulous location .
0	i really really want this place to do better .
1	i get the location is close but it is not worth the grief .
0	it made my whole experience disappointing .
1	but this location puts the name to shame .
0	if not , then go .
1	as a former employee of this location , i 'm sorely disappointed .
0	we ended up with our glasses 3/4 full and a watered down juice cocktail .
1	not at this location , at least .
0	i drink this beer regularly , and something was wrong with the beer .
1	i have made suggestions for other locations , and those suggestions stand .
0	i guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene .
1	does anyone in madison consider this a great mexican food location ?
0	worst experience ever !
1	take the extra _num_ minutes to drive to the south hills location .
0	one star for the unpleasant experience i have had at this store .
1	i will not be returning to any midas location ever again .
0	just my _num_ cents .
1	my real complaint is just how rudely we were treated at both locations .
0	a white , boring , incredibly small plate .
1	it 's really a shame because the location is so great .
0	we just turned around and walked out at that point .
1	never again will i go to this location .
0	so disappointed with this place !
1	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
0	i do n't know where all the positive reviews are coming from .
1	lastly , i 've had some really poor customer service experiences at this location .
0	the spring rolls were nothing special and heavy on something off flavored .
1	i wo n't come back to this location .
0	but their repeated attempts to enter woke us up .
1	the location , however , is stellar .
0	the only way to describe the food is disgusting .
1	did not allow it and could not offer an alternative location .
0	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
1	i would never order from this location again , they are very slow .
0	i have never , ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom .
1	will not be back at this location again .
0	worst bar ever .
1	the employees at this location vary from indifferent to pretty helpful .
0	my hairstylist was friendly but gave me a really bad haircut .
1	the location is n't ideal ; on the side of a busy highway .
0	just awful .
1	we wo n't be stopping back to celebrate at this location again .
0	unfortunately i heard after i ordered .
1	i am done with second chances for this location and will not be returning .
0	my girlfriend and i came to have some dinner around _num_ pm .
1	it appears this location has a serious management issue .
0	the chicken was flavorless and tough .
1	everytime i eat at this location i end up with a sick stomach .
0	not a good start .
1	i grew up going to the south park location .
0	while sitting there we noticed _num_ other parties walked out as well .
1	i left this location with a bad experience and hungry .
0	no less than _num_ minutes .
1	this is the second bad experience i 've had at this particular location .
0	that was the worst meat that i have seen since junior high school .
1	the horrible location ?
0	the bill was way too high .
1	this midas location is grossly overpriced !
0	i 'm not a big foodie but i like my food taste better .
1	this michael 's location is a disaster .
0	treated badly .
1	i never received anything and also never ate at this location again .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	this is the worst location .
0	we used a coupon from the paper for a _num_ topping _num_ cut sicilian .
1	their market square location worse .
0	this place is beautiful but not worth the money , stress , or headache .
1	never had problem at other locations .
0	it was just meh .
1	the staff at both locations where the hell did they find them .
0	we love japanese steak houses and this was our least favorite meal in pittsburgh .
1	i 'm never going back to this location again .
0	very disappointed .
1	bad customer service they just do not care at this location .
0	no marinara sauce .
1	not at this location .
0	not our best ihop experience .
1	however , i was definitely let down by this location .
0	but my patience was not even worth it .
1	i 'll continue to frequent other locations , just not this particular one .
0	they do not take pride in their work .
1	mixed drinks are way too pricey for the location .
0	the morning of checkout my bill had not been placed under the door .
1	only _num_ stars for location .
0	i 'm no longer going back .
1	this location was completely overcrowded and dirty .
0	nothing special just around average !
1	on top of all this the location is horrible .
0	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
1	this location is n't consistent .
0	okay on to service ... everyone seemed like they hated their job .
1	this place only exists because of its prime downtown location .
0	sorry , but our pizza was cold .
1	glad i wo n't be coming to this location anymore .
0	it was hardly edible .
1	there was an additional location listed for champaign which turns out to be closer .
0	received bad service today .
1	this location wo n't let you rent here without a major credit card .
0	i have n't been back .
1	this location was no different .
0	the restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of walnut street .
1	panera quality should be consistent no matter what location you visit .
0	the sad part about this is they really try .
1	this is an older dick 's sporting goods location .
0	i did n't get it .
1	however , their new location is n't as great as the old one .
0	when i want to cook pretentious gourmet food , they have every ingredient ready .
1	just a poor , poor experience at this location overall .
0	it was pretty busy and there were people everywhere .
1	this is a sketchy location and i do n't feel safe here .
0	terrible service .
1	very awkward location and atmosphere .
0	i was really annoyed .
1	this location though has horribly slow service .
0	the door not only did n't close , it did n't fit the frame .
1	this particular location has really let me down !
0	garden ridge is not the same ... it has really gone downhill .
1	i miss the old downtown champaign location .
0	managed very poorly .
1	the location is also horrible .
0	the entrees are horrible .
1	my first time at this location and was disappointing .
0	surprisingly what remains seems to be doing good business .
1	i would not recommend going to this best buy location .
0	imitation crab & lots of filling .
1	i have received poor service from this kfc location many times .
0	there are many choices in charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one .
1	poor location and service .
