0	also they do n't really wash their cups .
1	lots of beans but not enough chicken .
0	tasted very good , but i was disappointed in how dirty this place is .
1	save yourself lots of money and frustration and avoid this location .
0	at $ _num_ each this falls clearly into the ripoff category .
1	the sauce , left a lot to be desired .
0	it was n't even super busy .
1	so my friend parked at an empty lot .
0	i order the jack daniel 's chicken and shrimp with just fries .
1	the parking lot is run down and disgusting .
0	$ _num_ for wedding soup ?
1	for burgers that cost around $ _num_ , i would expect a lot more .
0	the penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor .
1	so now lots of pain and dr appointments for this .
0	however , the reaction that we received was unacceptable .
1	as there were very few people there , lots of open seats were available .
0	i say `` some '' turkey wrap because it was really that unimpressive !
1	i have spent a lot of time at shooting ranges both indoors and out .
0	is n't that what baked ziti is ?
1	been here lots and this was n't the best .
0	it looked like someone 's basement or garage with tables in it .
1	just ok for lots of money .
0	the place was more of a hole in the wall then i can appreciate .
1	no flavor unless you add the sauce ( a lot ) !
0	it was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries .
1	a lot of chemicals in one pile results in dead grass .
0	it did n't taste fresh , almost frozen at one point and microwaved .
1	lots of options but not that great .
0	i am just hoping that i do n't get food poisoning later tonight .
1	a lot of cages are empty and you get disappointed .
0	the staff does n't seem to care .
1	for $ _num_ i expected so expected something a lot better .
0	the crab cake sandwich is well prepared but from rotten crab .
1	outside of that bar louie leaves a lot to be desired .
0	she told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side .
1	she did n't really have the answers to a whole lot of questions .
0	this is the strip district after all with many stores for crying out loud .
1	_num_ weeks sitting on the lot in less than clean condition ?
0	anyway port authority to sum it up , is a hot damn mess .
1	i could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself .
0	it was quite crowded .
1	lot _num_ is ultimately a forgettable lunch destination .
0	needless to say i walked away .
1	a lot left to be desired .
0	not same price .
1	i 'm not one to be super picky or write reviews a lot either .
0	no checks .
1	i 've had a lot of bad experiences at this store .
0	bread pudding is always warm no ?
1	lots of tv 's though .
0	wo n't be back .
1	this location , however , leaves a lot to be desired .
0	receptionists were beyond awful .
1	i was skeptical pulling into the parking lot because it looked like a carnival .
0	the receptionist can not handle tips at all .
1	a little salt and pepper would help a lot .
0	one thing i like about the store is the proximity to my house .
1	it 's a lot better than the nothing that i got .
0	the staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order .
1	we pull up to the parking lot which looks empty .
0	the cashier took my friends 's order , then promptly ignored me .
1	i ended up driving back to the hertz lot and dropping off my car .
0	pino then literally threw our menu 's at us , and walked away .
1	it did n't have a lot of flavor .
0	it was hardly edible .
1	pool was filthy and lots of missing tile , cracks and leaves in water .
0	this was one of the most disgusting restaurants ive ever been in .
1	i also do n't cook a lot .
0	just called to get information for my son 's birthday cake .
1	i walk out to the parking lot , no cab .
0	fifteen minutes later , the waitress returned , but not with our food .
1	our server was lots of fun and very professional , but a little slow .
0	so i went through the whole thing for nothing .
1	look elsewhere there is a lot surrounding this place so you have options .
0	it was generous for the `` _num_ scoop '' order .
1	lots of other hotel choices in the area .
0	the sides left much to be desired .
1	it is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well .
0	just checked it out for the first time .
1	and a lot has changed for the worst unfortunately .
0	i will not eat there again .
1	imitation crab & lots of filling .
0	there was a little bit of a wait which is expected on saturday night .
1	food quality left a lot to be improved .
0	why is n't this practice illegal ?
1	imagine _num_ chinese food menus blowing through the parking lot , not cool .
0	i keep giving them another chance and i keep getting disappointed .
1	told you , lots of excuses and false promises .
0	worse than store freezer pizza .
1	big store , lots of seating and staff , filthy .
0	based on this one experience , i would come only for the pancakes .
1	the food left a lot to be desired .
0	really disappointed !
1	at 1pm , with lots of open tables , they could n't seat me .
0	the food went from amazing to mediocre without missing a beat .
1	the dinner left a lot to be desired .
0	man were they wrong !
1	there were lots of blue collar workers just getting off work and relaxing .
0	lidia 's was one of our favorite italian restaurant in the city .
1	for these prices expected a lot better experience .
0	the service is most often rude .
1	really , i had spent a lot of money for nothing .
0	they are apparently saying i cant cancel a custom order .
1	hey _num_ tickets is a lot to paid & nothing to see .
0	please do not use this location .
1	digging into the teriyaki chicken i found a lot of vegetables and little chicken .
0	no frills .
1	he has spent a lot of time being a chef and serving tables .
0	the pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a _num_ year old .
1	same deal : lots of ringing , no answering .
0	horrible experience .
1	not a lot of integrity .
0	unfortunately , there are only two reviews .
1	i spent a lot , but i was ok with the occasional splurge .
0	this really is n't somewhere i want to be .
1	poor customer service and lots of attitude .
0	her first bite she made a sour face .
1	very mediocre food when surrounded by a lot of great options .
0	this pizza is mediocre at best .
1	been close to missing my flights a lot of times .
0	i think it was overpriced for a pittsburgh restaurant as well .
1	a lot of stuff seemed damaged and the prices were n't all that great .
0	the breadsticks were sitting a in pool of oil .
1	a lot of stores are not gold standard .
0	or the fact that you 'll save sooooo much money by being a member .
1	the building and peking lot are run down form the outside .
0	also , no credit or debit cards here .
1	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
0	this restaurant has really gone downhill over the last few years .
1	its spread out pretty far and wide ( lots of walking ) .
0	i had spaghetti and meatballs and a caesar salad .
1	they made a lot of mistakes and did some sloppy work .
0	bad texture .
1	there was n't a lot of options , only about _num_ items .
0	, but a couple places in charlotte made me like it again .
1	any local chinese buffet will give you shrimp for a lot less than that .
0	i would give this place half a star if i could .
1	i actually did a lot of research before picking this place .
0	Neutral
1	lots of things were bad here .
0	i do n't understand why people love this place .
1	long wait times while giving off lots of attitude while you wait .
0	not acceptable .
1	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
0	seating is first come , first served .
1	lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people !
0	boring .
1	breakfast was crappy and there are always shady people in the parking lot .
0	i waited about _num_ mins and still no menu .
1	it takes a lot for me to write a bad review on yelp .
0	grilled cheese , salad and a quesadilla should n't take that long .
1	wan 's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with _num_ other friends .
0	fianc ordered bison burger and ended up getting a 2am with egg , etc .
1	this one , however , leaves a lot to be desired .
0	horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts .
1	and i 've eaten a lot of bad general tso 's chicken .
0	better luck next time .
1	the weights are limited and they do n't have a lot of machines .
0	have never experience such a rude interaction with a car shop .
1	it 's pretty dead , with lots of empty shops .
0	would n't recommend going out of your way for a slice .
1	and the parking lot is almost empty during the summer .
0	but my patience was not even worth it .
1	baked ziti is supposed to have a lot of cheese and sauce .
0	quite possibly the worst experience i have ever had dealing with a clothing store .
1	i go here a lot because i live nearby .
0	i became very angry .
1	the parking lot disaster strikes again !
0	the service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse .
1	now , their car wash prices are a lot higher for lousy cleaning .
0	it tasted like milk and no coffee .
1	but lots of other stuff did bother me .
0	so , we again waited & never did see a server .
1	that is a lot for a less than adequate sandwhich .
0	for appetizer , we had the kimchi pancakes , which were not fully cooked .
1	center caps from my wheels were stolen from the crappy parking lot .
0	all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
1	more than once i have been approached in the parking lot for spare change .
0	Negative
1	i know a lot about cars but was getting lazy about my own repairs .
0	_num_ .
1	disappointed enough to write this review in the parking lot .
0	my husband and i left and i said we would n't be coming back .
1	yes they have a lot of stuff however customer service is nonexistent .
0	not surprisingly , we left without purchasing anything .
1	she 's in a lot of pain now and her days are limited .
0	the room doors are all spring loaded to they slam shut .
1	lots of supermarket stuff , at a premium price .
0	we did n't do the lay river however because the lines were ridiculous .
1	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
0	they also have fake sales .
1	lots of tables and benches or chairs .
0	it had shoe string onion rings and slaw on it .
1	a lot of clothes were on ground also never coming back !
0	the wedding manager nicole is ok , but nothing special .
1	a lot of veggies very little steak or chicken .
0	it 's never too loud or aggressive .
1	there is no security cameras in the parking lot .
0	if both of those conditions are n't true , then go anywhere else .
1	so far i have witnessed _num_ drug deals in the parking lot .
0	edit : in my original review i stated this procedure was $ _num_ .
1	we walked inside to the bar where the bartenders were a lot better .
0	those expectations kind of fell flat .
1	could n't even finish it , which says a lot for friday happy hour .
0	i probably would n't go back .
1	overall , it could be a lot better .
0	moo shu has plenty of cabbage , hardly any meat .
1	it would 've saved me a lot of time .
0	it 's really too bad because as i said , her collection looks lovely .
1	it says a lot when your patrons are non indian .
0	would i have had to call in to sort out their staff 's mistake ?
1	lots of foods are expired and still on the shelf for sale .
0	overall , the look of the store just seems to be tired .
1	i know there are lots of different sandwiches here that you can try .
0	had to call off it was just to cold out !
1	you can get a mediocre steak for a lot less .
0	i 'm so disappointed .
1	also , do n't expect a lot of lettuce in your salad .
0	the restaurant has the diner feel , no doubt .
1	customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .
0	such a shame .
1	i usually get the louisiana chicken pasta which always has a lot of flavor .
0	sorry just had my first taste of pierogies plus .
1	it was very bland and did n't have a lot of taste to it .
0	lost sale opportunity .
1	you can go to paradise or subway for a whole lot less .
0	she had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for _num_ years .
1	i watch lidia on tv and have a lot of her recipes .
0	overall , the experience was horrible .
1	it was cold had a horrible flavor a lot of fat on the chicken .
0	styrofoam plates and plastic forks .
1	this place is lots of hype with no actual show .
0	so i left .
1	there were a lot of staff standing around still , too .
0	but , hey , i can always catch up on my sleep tomorrow night .
1	i 've been going to this store a lot beginning of the year .
0	i have been here a couple of times and it does n't change .
1	lots of inappropriate comments .
0	i 've been here three times and it 's been inconsistent .
1	the 2nd half was better , but still left a lot to be desired .
0	not our best ihop experience .
1	i have tried lots of pizza in arizona from many different restaurants .
0	third terrible .
1	save yourself a lot of aggravation and disappointment and go somewhere else .
0	the owner called me to apologize .
1	the parking lot was full but the dining room was n't .
0	update ... shadyside inn refunded the charges from our stay .
1	unfortunately , it 's more than a lot of other comparable places in uptown .
0	disgusted .
1	lots of places to spend money !
0	my biggest complaint is the drink prices .
1	i have dogs , and my dogs have lots of hair .
0	the service here is mediocre at best .
1	not a lot of ambiance .
0	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
1	i could understand if they were worn a lot , but they were not .
0	potatoes or pasta are always included with marsala .
1	however , lots of seats since the place was empty .
0	the dough is some of the worst dough i have had yet in pittsburgh .
1	coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce i smothered on it .
0	the cashier was very polite , inviting , and helpful .
1	price is a little expensive but they give you a lot of meat .
0	stayed at the hotel and booked two massages .
1	there certainly were a lot of regulars ( not ordering food ... ) .
0	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
1	lots of tv 's and ok atmosphere so i will squeeze out _num_ stars .
0	completely ridiculous .
1	it is loud and noisy , seems like lots of kids running around .
0	this visit was n't horrible , but definitely kinda unpleasant .
1	so i have made them a lot of money staying there .
0	parking sucks .
1	for $ _num_ i 'd expect a lot more .
0	the room had a musty smell to it .
1	they did my cuticles so badly that i was bleeding a whole lot .
0	not sure pino 's will get a repeat visit .
1	they get packed for lunch and have lots of chicago shit on the walls .
0	the coffee 's terrible .
1	overpriced and grocery carts are in the parking lot if you need one .
0	if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
1	just there 's not a lot of variety or selection .
0	i had made the reservation several weeks prior , with guaranteed late arrival .
1	you get a lot of food but its kind of expensive for lunch .
0	while waiting , i used the ladies restroom .
1	a lot of people from work seem to like to go here .
0	tastes like crap but whatever , they serve it .
1	they refuse to put a camera in the package room , parking lot too .
0	i start work at _num_ am .
1	save yourself a lot of time , money and pain .
0	when i complained how they failed to honor my reservation mr .
1	the restaurant was fairly busy with lots of customers chatting at their tables .
0	they are so rude do n't waste your time here .
1	not a lot of character , but cheap prices .
0	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
1	they also run out of sweet tea a lot .
0	fyi - prices are scheduled to go up jan _num_ _num_ .
1	and the food itself certainly left a lot to be desired .
0	i mean , i understand you do n't care about _num_ dollars .
1	not to mention both put a lot more meat and cheese on their sandwiches .
0	oh but it 's not .
1	pool and spa were also closed a lot because of maintenance .
0	however they ( waitresses ) were nice and apologetic .
1	there was not a lot of chicken and it was not cheap !
0	i can send it to marriott if requested . )
1	one fell out in a parking lot and was luckily found .
0	i was disappointed .
1	walked past a lot of companies and they may have had ( maybe ? )
0	i do n't have time for this , i 'm very busy '' .
1	the vegetable soup was ok but it had a lot of corn in it .
0	she just kept trying to cover her ass instead of listening to my concerns .
1	the front entrance is not where the parking lot is .
0	good food , but i wo n't be in a hurry to go back .
1	( this explained no cars in the lot ) .
0	please do not patronize this business .
1	i should have known from the parking lot this was gon na be bad .
0	horrible customer service !
1	the wait staff leaves a lot to be desired , the hosts are great .
0	ate at this resturant while on a business trip .
1	velvet corn and chicken soup was tasty but needed lots of pepper .
0	tasty , but not real butter pecan .
1	i do n't like chains a lot , but some i tolerate .
0	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
1	it 's not our problem when it leaves the lot '' .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	parking was easy , but the lot was not well lit .
0	never coming back again , it was such a waste of money !
1	not a lot of nail salons open on sunday here .
0	shrimp and scallop with garlic was bland as hell .
1	lots of promises but no other options given .
0	do they even have tables for _num_ ?
1	i leave the lot get into traffic and this car will not move .
0	we had to send the potatoes back because they were cold .
1	not having to leave the hotel counts for a lot !
0	i am giving it _num_ stars only because the manager was nice .
1	a lot of repair work needed to walls , carpet , tile , etc .
0	it 's just rolls off the tongue , does n't it ?
1	the parking lot is also a joke like a previous person had reviewed .
0	obvious they could care less .
1	its no wonder the parking lot was pretty much empty !
0	i do n't think sammy has ever even had a good corned beef sandwich .
1	also lot _num_ had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there .
0	in total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food .
1	not a lot of great variety .
0	as chance would have it , the owner gary was around .
1	it 's a lot more like _num_ .
0	_num_ .
1	leave lots of time if you are using a rental car !
0	we will not be going back .
1	i did n't feel like this had a lot of flavor .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	the catered food was a lot better than my burrito .
0	it must not have been bad because i do n't remember anything about it .
1	lots of food , but not much flavor .
0	i 'm not against p.f .
1	my experience here is not one that has a lot to cover .
0	i was quoted $ _num_ for them to get it off .
1	in other words , you get a lot less coffee for the money .
0	ca n't give this place anything lower than _num_ star .
1	two stars for good beer selection , but lots of better choices nearby .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	there was n't a whole lot of time to begin with .
0	i hate this place .
1	_num_ - a lot of the drinks did n't have prices on them .
0	went for the first and last time tonight .
1	there was only one car in the parking lot .
0	can you give a company zero stars ?
1	the parking lot is a bit weird to access .
0	it was so bad , i would not dear to try again .
1	it was a black hole in the parking lot .
0	worst service i 've ever had !
1	should have went to get burgers at five guys in the same parking lot .
0	i only go there when dragged by coworkers .
1	there is way better hibachi in pittsburgh , for a lot less money .
0	looked like a bunch of fruit flies made their way into the soup .
1	lots of drink choices ... beers ... wines ... mixed drinks .
0	if you 've got stuff to do , do n't bother coming here .
1	lots of chairs but no outlets .
0	the service here sucks .
1	most rolls contain lots of fake crab .
0	getting on and off is confusing .
1	lots of angry people were getting out of their cars to investigate .
0	truly , you do n't need this kind of grief .
1	worst parking lot in pittsburgh .
0	did n't clean under my nails after lotion .
1	that , to me , says a lot about their skill level .
0	horrible salon ... dirty , also , just as a side note .
1	a greyhound station is never due a lot of stars .
0	by far the worst service we 've had in a while .
1	i like a lot of museums in phoenix .
0	managed very poorly .
1	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a lot more flavor .
0	additionally , the experience at the salon left much to be desired .
1	i 've tried a lot of pizza places and this is so bad .
0	zero stars for service .
1	lots of food , and cheap too !
0	my big issue is that the employees stand directly outside and smoke .
1	not a lot of fat on them .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	apparently they do n't have a lot of confidence that their prices are competitive .
0	atmosphere was bad .
1	but we did n't have that problem until we left their lot !
