0	the potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall .
1	it made me not want to drink my water even though i was thirsty .
0	_num_ $ for a plain roast beef forget that !
1	if it was made so clear ... why were we having this discussion ?
0	service is not friendly .
1	it was all i could do not to make a scene .
0	that does n't say too much for the rest of them .
1	the salad was made with iceberg lettuce and did n't look appetizing .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	leadership in these places however are what make your business .
0	they need to get some help in here or people will stop coming !
1	just be sure to make your appointment with someone with experience .
0	this place is just a flat out joke .
1	i took my prescription to another vendor and had my glasses made .
0	the server never apologized .
1	maybe this starbucks just want to sell all the coffee they made this morning .
0	thinking back and forth on it did n't seem right .
1	i 've made much better at home .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	i could n't have tried to make food this poor .
0	the restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of walnut street .
1	she has an attitude and reluctantly made me a new one in _num_ minutes .
0	i was going to have so much done , too !
1	walmart does n't even make you do that !
0	however that is not what pittsburgh is about .
1	that does not make me chop liver .
0	while the place itself looked clean , the stylist 's rolling cart was not .
1	as my review makes clear , i ca n't compare the food .
0	i threw my mean in the garbage .
1	he said they 're making improvements and that i should try it again .
0	i do n't enjoy doing it .
1	not all the prices are on the website , which makes for difficult planning .
0	let me first tell you that i 'm not really a sushi guy .
1	i made a reservation on monday to pick up some equipment on saturday .
0	i 'd give this store negative stars if there was an option .
1	so why not actually make a decent public transportation system ?
0	their burgers are dead to me .
1	my chicken sandwhich was also made with rubber chicken .
0	guess not .
1	i will never return , to make any other purchases .
0	( seriously , i feel sorry for someone truly fat going in there ) .
1	actually i will make sure to spread the word of this terrible experience .
0	it was tasteless , and the fruit center was nothing more than filler .
1	my wife has made multiple phone calls only to have one returned .
0	but the reason i went was to try the lobster raviolis .
1	dim lighting that makes me want to sleep .
0	this location is terrible .
1	mashed potatoes are not made from real potatoes .
0	but overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason !
1	made many promises and failed to keep them .
0	the wait for someone to take our drink order was rather long .
1	, but a couple places in charlotte made me like it again .
0	but the burger was n't memorable at all .
1	this made me question whether or not she was professionally trained .
0	i ca n't say the food is bad .
1	literally they kept their heads down and refused to make eye contact .
0	not a medium .
1	does that make you a little worried ?
0	first , they charge for beer and wine .
1	you pay fees , they make laundry and garbage more and more inconvenient .
0	why did n't they do that in the first place .
1	her first bite she made a sour face .
0	after the renovation the place lost its center !
1	so these guys almost made me spend $ _num_ for unnecessary repairs .
0	whatever it was , it was gross .
1	that makes me so sad knowing i will never experience that wonderful flavor again .
0	so , yeah , the smell .
1	make sure no flies land on your food .
0	the chicken was all dark meat and tasted aweful .
1	thanks for starving us avis and making us sleep in our cars .
0	horrible !
1	horrible experience again made sandwich wrong for 3rd visit .
0	i wish it were possible to give this place _num_ stars .
1	you could n't at lease have made it look like you did your jobs ?
0	one , quite literally , threw a guy off of the bus for me .
1	they never fix the problem , or attempt to make it right .
0	way too much hype for such underwhelming food .
1	no wonder it is _num_ % empty but still makes people wait .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	not sure if the manager makes th e employees clean or not !
0	i guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it .
1	he did n't make a comment but i thought , rude .
0	this was during business hours that i was told to wait outside .
1	i 'm not making this up .
0	the galleria ... it 's definitely catered to the upper class .
1	no personality and did n't make us feel welcome .
0	but it was n't over .
1	lack concern makes me wonder if we will be back .
0	service gets _num_ stars and food gets _num_ stars .
1	looked like a bunch of fruit flies made their way into the soup .
0	not friendly .
1	the district manager of this bakery to make sure it does not happen again .
0	came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot .
1	really made me sad .
0	i did not have internet for about a month .
1	makes no sense .
0	ultimately , i was n't very impressed .
1	not much more , but enough to make it not right .
0	Neutral
1	i figured palace like this would have made their own strawberry topping .
0	the prices are downright insulting .
1	the server takes my plate , and says they would make it right .
0	oh , with _num_ pitiful shrimp on top .
1	we made the unfortunate decision to make a reservation here for a special occasion .
0	by the time they were cooked , everyone was finished eating .
1	she made an excuse that the brush was too big .
0	inconsistent billing , poor customer service , and lies sum up this service .
1	we tried going early , late -- it never made any difference .
0	unfortunately i do n't know what happened ?
1	we called to make appointments together and the receptionist was rude !
0	but i placed the order online , then i am on hold again .
1	then , they did n't even do anything to make it up to me .
0	managed very poorly .
1	it was poorly made and poor ingredients were used .
0	i will never step foot in this place again .
1	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
0	i read online that it opened at 11am , wrong .
1	went a few times and the last visit made me sick .
0	surprisingly what remains seems to be doing good business .
1	he needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made .
0	customer service was a joke .
1	second best my margarita ( s ) that our server made was awesome !
0	i think they probably deserve better .
1	rude , short with customers and overall just made my pickup not pleasant .
0	very unprofessional staff so far .
1	i really ca n't imagine what could be making it so slow here .
0	!
1	it 's a shame b/c better service would have made the experience decent .
0	cheap , everyone seems to say that .
1	i was very specific when i made my reservations several months ago .
0	it 's the size of a closet , completely messy , and disorganized .
1	made a reservation thru priceline on the parking shuttle and got there around 1am .
0	do not waste money here .
1	richard does not make you feel comfortable .
0	that was unacceptable .
1	rules made by men .
0	the crust was not like usual and to much sauce .
1	but when it does , you bend over backwards to make it right .
0	so i 'm not sure how much he 'd approve of this bar .
1	the clientele , for some reason , really made for a loud dining experience .
0	imagine my frustration .
1	he did not even offer to make an appointment after his busy time .
0	do n't expect fresh food .
1	the crab cakes were definitely frozen , and not made from blue crab .
0	but since its _num_ guess they are closed .
1	food is poorly made , employees are rude , and service is slow .
0	the veggies were about average , not fresh , but did n't taste gross .
1	this beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold .
0	i 've found the service here to be pretty terrible .
1	i made a reservation for _num_ on a saturday night .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	support local businesses , but make sure they are deserving of your money !
0	ugh , i hate this place .
1	when make turns , there is noise from front wheel .
0	let me tell you about my bad experience first .
1	it makes no sense .
0	gross .
1	do they not make fresh brew coffee .
0	things quickly got off to a bad start .
1	waitresses do not make much of an effort .
0	the pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible .
1	when the police got there they made them refund my money !
0	be warned that everything here comes with french fries , even the salads .
1	it was super busy and only _num_ employees were making food .
0	not my scene whatsoever !
1	the food was decently made and the environment was welcoming .
0	not planning to come back and recommend everyone to stay away from this place .
1	unfortunately the atmosphere did n't make up for the sub par food .
0	this place barely uses any flavor other than salt and msg .
1	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
0	this alone i would have given _num_ stars .
1	no wonder disney world is making a killing in this side of the woods !
0	some drinks were returned from the bar while some never reached the table .
1	unfortunately , it is yet another example of poorly made americanized italian food .
0	on our last visit it took us _num_ minutes to get our waitresses attention .
1	it does n't make sense .
0	at this office any reservation you have is basically worthless .
1	once they have you they make it hard to escape .
0	very poor customer service , and that 's too bad .
1	cake dry boring i dont believe it was home made .
0	the waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves .
1	our waitress was very rude and did n't make me feel welcomed at all .
0	i informed him i had about _num_ minutes .
1	so , let 's make that a _num_ stars .
0	it was also very dry .
1	she did n't make my experience at this airport the best .
0	i would n't take somewhere here as a pittsburgh destination though .
1	made a one night stay $ _num_ .
0	i 'm not wasting my calories on a bad cookie .
1	the customers do n't make the experience any better .
0	lettuce was ice cold , nearly frozen .
1	i had made the reservation several weeks prior , with guaranteed late arrival .
0	you will be disappointed .
1	having a _num_ hour drive wasted didnt make it any better as well .
0	between two of them they finished one piece and could n't tolerate anymore .
1	do not make the mistake and eat here .
0	not impressed .
1	it 's like they are trying to make the ghetto look classy .
0	the wedding manager nicole is ok , but nothing special .
1	it was n't overly crowded which made it easy to get drinks .
0	i 've given it _num_ chances , and they all sucked .
1	is n't that the same as `` not made fresh in pittsburgh ? ''
0	the fist time after a _num_ minute wait , they brought the wrong food .
1	makes you wonder just how safe the kitchen is .
0	the steak was tough and tasteless .
1	made a reservation in may through expedia , which i needed to cancel .
0	too bad , jared 's .
1	i made sure i asked for extra sauce ( just in case ) .
0	he gave me big time attitude and commented that i took it apart .
1	i quickly ate and left to make my movie .
0	i bought pastries at this place several times before .
1	the sales lady made an annoying appearance every ten minutes .
0	after _num_ more min .
1	this place makes you feel unwelcome and dumb .
0	ordered a grilled chicken salad , take out .
1	he seemed to be in a bad mood and made us feel uncomfortable .
0	and while you 're eating too ... it 's so disgusting .
1	they made me wait a long time and gave me a platter with sausage .
0	ugly .
1	i made the mistake of going -- once -- on a weekend .
0	also the pizza was bad .
1	from the moment you walk in they make you feel like your home .
0	the mall that is nearby is not really a mall .
1	i always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard .
0	ball within the already limited selection .
1	every order was lacking just that little something that would make a meal enjoyable .
0	i do n't recommend at all .
1	mine were n't made because they had the wrong size lens .
0	a ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza ?
1	i 'm too annoyed right now to make any funny comments .
0	service -- - probably the worst service i 've ever had there .
1	the lox bagels are not even made open face .
0	i 'd give the comedians _num_ stars , and the food zero stars .
1	every interaction seems designed to make people feel awkward .
0	rather , they were extremely rude and defensive .
1	that might make it a little better .
0	she came back _num_ minutes later , with the beers and took our order .
1	i made an appointment weeks ago .
0	my friend 's nails looked like a _num_ year old did them .
1	but sadly , they have lost the art of making great food .
0	ever !
1	i 'm always always always made to feel like i 'm stupid ( seriously ?
0	they play pop music and it 's supposed to be an italian place .
1	pho broth takes like nine hours to make .
0	the last _num_ hoagies i 've gotten here is again only mediocre .
1	mine needed a bit more sauce to make not as dry .
0	of course it was good , it is fried cheese !
1	do n't bother making an appointment for this place .
0	linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude .
1	my house made chips were good & cole slaw had very little flavor .
0	however i was n't treated well and i wo n't go back .
1	this was all during my favorite song which really made me mad .
0	soda is watered down and gross .
1	i suspect this is probably made by the guy who station the fryer .
0	what we came away with from this experience is to leave .
1	walked out without making purchase .
0	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
1	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
0	not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby .
1	this makes me sad to write this .
0	the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
1	she made them all get back out of lines and walk to the end .
0	i do n't care how many awards they have hanging on they wall .
1	he make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly .
0	this was my first time trying brown bag deli too .
1	made me walk across the floor after my pedi w bare feet .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	we made a reservation ( no need ) for 7pm on saturday .
0	we did n't realize most of the restaurants are closed on mondays .
1	the beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating .
0	parking at this particular store is a nightmare .
1	the sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing .
0	the tree died .
1	the next time i returned , i made an appointment with a different stylist .
0	the food came out quickly enough .
1	makes me glad i live in new york city .
0	it ruined our first visit in charlotte .
1	i made a reservation with mimosa for my family 's thanksgiving meal in _num_ .
0	too bad .
1	it made me kind of sad .
0	worst service i have ever had .
1	to make it worse , they are supposed to open at _num_ .
0	service was extremely slow .
1	so it has made us assume that everyone in charlotte must be as well .
0	deserts were nothing less than stellar , and the service was awesome .
1	unprofessional , lazy and making a bad name for the south .
0	also the mushrooms were out of a can .
1	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
0	awful customer service , rude and poorly managed .
1	faux wood floor makes everything echo .
0	in summary the service is very questionable .
1	mediocre and poorly made !
0	they told me it was it was because i was booking with the owner .
1	i could make better alfredo using the sauce from a supermarket jar .
0	there are much better choices in uptown charlotte !
1	so we make our decisions .
0	not to mention , our order was wrong !
1	the cake di chocolate is standard lava cake ( takes forever to make ) .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the lobster roll sandwich .
1	and , no , i 'm not making this up .
0	the service was not very good .
1	so they are charging you $ _num_ to make a phone call .
0	everything took a long time to come out and the service was very poor .
1	drinks are not made properly and the draft beer was warm .
0	they know my measurements , they should know what size i should get !
1	the staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order .
0	the first winter storm and the cable and internet is out .
1	service good prices cheap but food very bland and pre made .
0	the service was the most appalling i have ever experienced .
1	i made a change in frames less than _num_ hours from original order .
0	he employees walk by dirty tables then people sit at them .
1	the waitress made it seem as though it was my fault for bringing him .
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	this made my food experience not good .
0	sushi is not flavorful at all .
1	do n't recommend buying a car of another make here .
0	the way you are treated is sub par .
1	this location made bland , flavorless chicken .
0	really disappointing .
1	could not understand what the foreign cashier was saying , made placing near impossible .
0	if zero was an option that is what i would rate them !
1	it was made of wood .
0	filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
1	double swiss burger was as tasteless as they could make .
0	i will not return to this place again .
1	so please , i trust you to just make me look hot . ''
0	terribly ran !
1	i made reservations for _num_ pm on a friday .
0	also , i was surprised by the limited number of seafood options .
1	the only thing that made it somewhat decent was sour cream and guacamole .
0	the service was okay , they were really nice and never rude .
1	he sent it back _num_ times because they kept making it wrong .
0	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
1	it was fixed promptly , but made a bad first impression .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	save your money and make spaghetti at home !
0	this has always been my least favorite wendy 's .
1	but did nothing to make up for it .
0	the blackened chicken wrap was boring .
1	also : $ _num_ for pho does not make for hole-in-the-wall pricing .
0	she refused , and again tried to place the blame on me .
1	they really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room .
0	if i could give it _num_ stars i would .
1	very sad to find that donuts are made the day before .
0	it took _num_ minutes for our waitress to even come to our table !
1	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
0	worst wendy 's i have ever had .
1	the juice from the tacos also made the tater tots extremely soggy .
0	we are not going back .
1	thus , it makes me sad to write a negative review .
0	it was runny and bland .
1	overall , this made a horrible day worse .
0	also , alcohol in the air here too .
1	i made a very simple order online -- very difficult to screw up .
0	_num_ beer per hour maximum .
1	the sausage was made in-house and was very flavorful .
0	um , no ... it was more like garbage sewer sauce .
1	losing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless .
0	the service is here so incredibly inconsistent .
1	they made it anyway and gave it to me .
0	she said `` fine '' ( rude ) .
1	if that were the case , i 'd stick to making my own .
0	however , the rum killed any blueberry or mint flavor in the drink .
1	has n't made me sick , again .
0	both tasted very fishy to me .
1	did n't really make anything i could n't make at home .
0	this midas location is grossly overpriced !
1	they made us wait simply because they ca n't staff correctly .
0	caesar salad should not be too spicy to eat .
1	they gave us a $ _num_ gift card to make up for it .
0	i get the location is close but it is not worth the grief .
1	it makes me very unhappy .
0	needless to say we wo n't be back !
1	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
0	this guy seems nice but he 's actually not .
1	it was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots .
0	last nights visit to buca was less than i expect from this restaurant .
1	i 'm not sure its all made in-house anymore .
0	crust tasted like frozen pizza crust .
1	it made my whole experience disappointing .
0	this is not an exaggeration .
1	made numerous phone calls and emails saying the problem was being addressed .
0	worst mcdonald 's ever .
1	i was starving so at this point i just made do .
0	the _num_ starts are just because the broccoli looks fresh .
1	they do n't make whole pies and slice them up for individual slice orders .
0	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
1	i made reservations for nye probably around _num_ weeks in advance .
0	the waitress there are extremely rude .
1	i made reservation and still the table was not ready .
0	not worth the bucks .
1	there were n't even many toppings to make it soggy .
0	disappointing .
1	well what a mistake i made .
0	forget the fact that mcdonald 's food is n't great .
1	make sure your opening and closing time is listed correctly .
0	they lack skills .
1	the bar area felt cramped and made me uncomfortable .
0	the rice was some of the worst i have ever had .
1	she did n't rush us , and made good wine recommendations .
