0	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
1	high prices , watered down drinks , impersonal management .
0	sorry to say that will be my last visit .
1	lack of professionalism with the management staff .
0	extremely disappointing and appalling .
1	obviously management is not training well for customer service at this location .
0	rotten food and over charging customer .
1	the management has changed and they lack a good work ethic .
0	the last _num_ hoagies i 've gotten here is again only mediocre .
1	obviously this is the way a simple complaint is handled by management .
0	and that they were going to charge me $ _num_ for it .
1	i reported this to no reaction from management as well .
0	should i really tell him how much he deserved ?
1	however , i 'm disappointed with the management at this particular location .
0	if only they could train their employees better .
1	it was completely inappropriate , and i will be following up with management soon .
0	then , before i was able to say anything , they broke in .
1	too bad the management ca n't manage the staff .
0	not laid out well .
1	the wait staff is slow and management has no clue .
0	however , i 'm mainly rating their food and service .
1	service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly .
0	terrible service .
1	poor quality and awful management .
0	i was _num_ minutes early for the bus i was trying to catch .
1	when i talk to my neighbors everybody feels the same towards the management .
0	seriously , how many f words can you not use on a yelp review ?
1	the management there has some integrity requirements when they hire employees .
0	pretty rough , but not completely unbearable .
1	find a better management who does n't take your money and piss on you .
0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	management very rude and customer service is very poor .
0	and i felt like total crap the whole next day at work .
1	poor management and training of staff is very evident .
0	the older man that took us to the table could have done nicer .
1	management really does n't care what you think .
0	no greeter so we were n't sure where to go .
1	i wish management would notice the issues and make the necessary changes .
0	treated badly .
1	the management needs to start training better here .
0	the waiter was horrible and barely checked on us .
1	this management company is horrible .
0	so on to the hoagies , the italian is general run of the mill .
1	this location needs new management and new employees .
0	worst lunch option uptown .
1	not a sign of management .
0	but the place was disgusting and the cashier was incredibly rude .
1	this place is awesome the only bad thing about it is management .
0	from everyone , including bartenders , which is strange to say the least .
1	dumb policies , bad management .
0	then , i ate here .
1	they need a complete overhaul of management and employees .
0	at first they said they are unable to do so .
1	this management company does not deserve your hard earned money .
0	no big deal , i would have been happy to help out .
1	the new management is awful .
0	worst mcdonalds i have ever been to .
1	does n't say much about the owners or management .
0	essentially three pieces of toast with various toppings .
1	i am beginning to wonder about the management here .
0	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
1	terrible management .
0	the crab dip was another disappointment .
1	management needs to overhaul this place !
0	but that 's apparently the way they do it .
1	seems like the management and service needs to get it together .
0	honestly , it 's probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	incredibly bad management and ownership .
0	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
1	this place must be under new management and wait staff .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	ok location , but the management is a joke .
0	i do n't know if they hate working there or hate serving people .
1	management was the worst of all .
0	both were crappy , at best .
1	the management is not up to par there 's always a lack of communication .
0	good place _num_ a large group to drink get apps tho .
1	the management is the worst i 've ever come across .
0	the restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of walnut street .
1	this establishment lacks the customer service i require as a result of sub-par management .
0	_num_ .
1	however , the management is very lacking .
0	service was extremely poor and bar service was also extremely poor .
1	we will not be back unless they get new management .
0	wo n't be back .
1	they actually complain about their hours and their management to the customers .
0	worst sandwich on earth .
1	poor management is hooters problem and they need to fix it .
0	but its definitely not worth the money .
1	the management make it very difficult to live here .
0	it was tough and boring .
1	i think management just is n't paying attention .
0	just not going back there .
1	management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize .
0	i ca n't believe all the high reviews .
1	i am not sure if this was due to new employees or management .
0	_num_ stars for being cheap and delivering .
1	the staff and management are rude and only want money .
0	the food was alright and i thought that the portions were a good size .
1	i will not return to this store until its management changes .
0	and they got my order wrong .
1	no management present that we could see .
0	_num_ .
1	worst wait staff and management i have ever experienced in my life !
0	the chilli they use is worse than that mystery meat texas pete canned chilli .
1	watered down drinks , slow service and rude management !
0	we did n't , as this was our first visit .
1	their time management is n't very good .
0	it was loud , but expected that on a friday night .
1	management said there was nothing they could do about it .
0	the coffee shop attached to the hotel is just ok .
1	apparently , the management at oph hates their customers .
0	i am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there .
1	this location is not well maintained by management .
0	the lady at the front desk is absolutely rude rude rude rude .
1	how could management not see that .
0	do not use their car wash .
1	worst management ever .
0	after calling every day for a week i was furious .
1	i use to the this place but the management is horrible .
0	also , the home fries were just mediocre .
1	new management is clueless !
0	food was only just ok and service was even worse .
1	no wonder they keep changing management .
0	and then _num_ minutes later , a fifth entree was brought out .
1	i asked wth and they told me , management change .
0	not one good thing to say .
1	there is a huge lack in management here .
0	_num_ .
1	maybe under new management they might do better but i do n't know .
0	ugh .
1	bad service , rude desk clerks , terrible management !
0	there is nothing worse than someone else 's hair in your food .
1	security was extremely lazy in getting management when i wanted to speak to him .
0	also the restaurant is not really clean either .
1	is there anyone in whataburger management that can get this restaurant back to speed ?
0	furthermore , the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par .
1	the steak is average and it 's over run by boa middle management .
0	i would n't even give this place a star for this reason !
1	this is not an acceptable response for management .
0	to say the least , i was disappointed in my soup .
1	and there does n't seem to be much management around to smooth things out .
0	the coleslaw is gross and i 'm a fan of coleslaw .
1	the management is terrible and the maintenance staff is even worse .
0	sounded like i was flying a helicopter .
1	it takes management several weeks to a month to finish or begin repair requests .
0	but my date returned and relaxed with a glass of wine as we chatted .
1	it 's awful service , management , and mediocre food .
0	even the chips and salsa are n't terribly good .
1	never , ever use these incompetent people for property management .
0	the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
1	just an obvious example of poor training and poor management .
0	i just passed six tables empty and clean .
1	poor management and extremely poor customer service !
0	two basic rolls and miso soup for $ _num_ .
1	too bad there is n't a management number to call .
0	on top of all this service was n't the greatest .
1	i will be filing a bbb complaint as well against this terrible management company !
0	just getting off work , i came alone .
1	the management at this complex is horrific .
0	i could make better alfredo using the sauce from a supermarket jar .
1	bad management , ca n't hold a dinner service on a saturday night .
0	excuse given was understaffed but when you are not busy it does n't fly .
1	management is friendly but everything needs cleaned .
0	they will ruin your car .
1	poor management !
0	he did not understand and said , no coupon .
1	the quality is missing from the management .
0	the service was also extremely slow .
1	the kitchen and management really fell through on this tonight .
0	my bill came out to be higher than what 's listed on the menu .
1	the cashier ruined my experience and management needs to check her attitude !
0	good groupon deal but terrible food - will not be back .
1	i have complained to the management thru phone , and email with no response .
0	now i 'm sad , real sad .
1	management does n't care , defensive and rude .
0	out of five orders , only two were done correctly .
1	however , what really kills this place is the service and obviously poor management .
0	my issue was the price , $ _num_ .
1	worse property management company i have encountered !
0	at this point i really had to use the restroom .
1	as some trained and experienced in food service management , it 's appalling .
0	the mashed potatoes were lukewarm at best , and the vegetables were cold .
1	the management at this restaurant is horrendous .
0	no one was uptown and the place was completely empty .
1	terrible staff and management .
0	one star for the ridiculous overcharge .
1	the management was none too concerned .
0	bottom line : horrid service , mediocre food .
1	management is rude and unprofessional .
0	the bathrooms were disgusting .
1	management is the only reason i did n't rate a _num_ .
0	absolutely no problems .
1	normally i love this place but today management failed .
0	i will never go back to this place , to many other options uptown .
1	this after arguing with management for _num_ hours .
0	_num_ .
1	blame everyone but budget phoenix time and people management .
0	no way , no how .
1	horrible horrible property management !
0	the sauce was really disgusting .
1	the management staff and management company lincoln properties do not care about their residents .
0	overall , my haircuts were never good .
1	i want to stress here though that the management is terrible .
0	could n't remember anything .
1	management is horrible .
0	the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
1	horrible apartments and management .
0	the two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though .
1	waited an hour and still did n't see the dr. really bad management .
0	we had no silverware , had to request it repeatedly .
1	i appreciate the response from management but this was a very disappointing meal .
0	there seems to be no consideration for customers at all .
1	this place has constant management turn over .
0	all in all , it was a disappointment this year .
1	lame ... bring back the old native new yorker and management .
0	his side of mac and cheese was laughable .
1	terrible service and management .
0	i am not changing my review nor am i removing it .
1	someone in management needs to get a clue !
0	it was made of wood .
1	situation was handled very poorly by hampton inn management .
0	most indoor ranges charge by lane , not person .
1	big mistake management .
0	i 'm glad there was more mango than strawberry .
1	not polite management .
0	this place does n't feel clean or inviting .
1	this place needs better staffing and management .
0	_num_ $ for a plain roast beef forget that !
1	the park road office has terrible management and are very unprofessional .
0	i do n't care for this giant eagle , and that is being kind .
1	management did not even apologize for my inconvenience .
0	it was also barely cooked , not crispy at all .
1	the management is horrible and never understanding .
0	the burger was pretty good but , i 've had much better .
1	all bad , management needs to take notice .
0	service is slow and horrible .
1	no idea of organization or time management .
0	she then rings me up .
1	management there does n't care !
0	we feel like our money was wasted .
1	our property management company sent them out .
0	first off , i can not comment on the food .
1	if you have a problem , talk to management .
0	i do n't know how this keeps happening .
1	poor management and only one waiter or waitress .
0	and the pedicure was really really painful !
1	one thing is a mistake , multiple things being out is bad management somewhere .
0	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
1	maybe it 's the corporate management bs that was in the way .
0	wish me luck guys .
1	management was horrible .
0	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
1	horrible management and pizza .
0	not so much .
1	management obviously does n't follow up with complaints properly as well .
0	this food , though , it was n't good .
1	seems management does n't care either ... .
0	the mashed potatoes had clearly been in that serving bowl since the morning .
1	rented from here for years but under new management and it 's awful .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	it was unprofessional and a poor example of what i assume would be management ?
0	i wo n't come back this unpleasant and pricy restaurant never again .
1	i sent the following to the management at moto on july _num_ .
0	i called ahead to order a gyro calzone and was told _num_ minutes .
1	very weak management company in my opinion .
0	can you give a company zero stars ?
1	the message to me is management must be blind & ignorant .
0	they tried to charge me $ _num_ for _num_ hours of labor .
1	poor management .
0	this was the worst service and experience i have ever received !
1	i hate liars and incompetent management .
0	i 'm not a hair stylist .
1	what poor planning and management .
0	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
1	typical low class residents , guests and especially `` management '' .
0	if your seeking genuine medical attention i would strongly suggest another facility .
1	i am hoping management reads this and makes a serious improvement .
0	do n't expect great performances here , expect a talked up mediocre performance .
1	our experience quickly was spoiled by the apartment quality and management staff .
0	no way .
1	as the other reviewers noted the management is horrible and rude .
0	it tasted like hot chocolate .
1	again , poor management and customer service .
0	but not $ _num_ for _num_ standard size dog good .
1	change management and has gone down hill .
0	she refused , and again tried to place the blame on me .
1	after _num_ years in retail management , this was unacceptable .
0	printed out my receipt .
1	i sent their management a message , but have not yet heard back .
0	worst customer service at this place .
1	management needs to either train their staff better or be replaced themselves .
0	the customers and the staff are miserable at red white and blue .
1	worst management ever if this is the face of your establishment !
0	the concept is n't that ridiculous either .
1	this bk needs better management and training for the employees .
0	ok , i get it , your busy .
1	the management team of this mall would get negative stars if that was possible .
0	first of all , the gym in pretty cheap .
1	management needs to understand this is not how you treat customers .
0	i did n't have an issue with the place or the other patrons .
1	the staff and management is even worse .
0	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
1	to me it just came across as grumpy management .
0	if they did n't , that would be fine we 'd call someplace else .
1	no one from management met me .
0	never going back .
1	well , go here if you want inconsistent pricing and condescending management .
0	we have been ordering food from little tokyo for almost _num_ years now .
1	upon further review , management is not getting the proper training .
0	food is very cheap though .
1	this is a place that requires much better management and service .
0	they then brought out two manicotti dinners which were fine .
1	bad management !
0	um , hello ... how about an apology for wasting my time ?
1	the new management however left me no choice but to shop somewhere else .
0	the employees are nice but i get the sense it 's managed terribly .
1	the management was unprofessional and uncaring , and blamed him for bringing them .
0	they also cut back bus services and lay off all these bus drivers .
1	it appears this location has a serious management issue .
0	to date the store has done nothing to replace the defective furniture .
1	here is another review on alexander place- the management team is horrible !
0	eggplant parm was a little better than average .
1	his poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday .
0	ugh .
1	good food but poor management .
0	it was all french fries and very little meat .
1	this showmars is under new management and it sucks !
0	crust tasted like frozen pizza crust .
1	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
0	i 've made much better at home .
1	this pf changs needs new management !
0	bread pudding is always warm no ?
1	wrote a detailed complaint to their management , still waiting for a response .
0	it literally killed me to leave a tip .
1	some weird management decisions at this place .
0	do they train them to be rude and ignorant ?
1	seems like management is non existent .
0	ordered _num_ dishes , all pretty average .
1	it 's nightmare management !
0	just when we thought the worst was over we were wrong .
1	it simply needs some good floor management .
0	but getting to that point was one disaster after another .
1	bad management kinda killed the whole experience for my spouse and i .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	despite contacting management , nothing changed .
0	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
1	first off the management here sucks ass !
0	she claimed they did n't deliver to his address which was _num_ mile away .
1	most pathetic management team i 've ever seen .
0	a couple tables taken , but no sign of staff in the bar .
1	office management needs to step in and fix asap !
0	of course it was good , it is fried cheese !
1	_num_ % horrible management and sub-par mechanics .
0	neither of us were surprised .
1	put in emails and calls but no response from management .
0	that is where the efficiency and service took a turn for the worst .
1	so sad that management let it go !
0	unfortunately within _num_ days one of the diamonds on the halo was missing .
1	very poor management .
0	oh , pat buses , why ca n't i quit you ?
1	the worst management team ever .
0	my husband has eaten there before and was sorely disappointed as well .
1	the management was not helpful when we shared our feelings with them .
0	i hate this location .
1	such a bad place and such bad management .
0	tossed me out for no good reason .
1	even complaining to management does n't do any good .
0	it 's a shame , what happened ?
1	the management deserves _num_ !
0	instead of about _num_ '' _num_ '' it 's about _num_ '' thick .
1	something is very wrong with the management of this store .
0	she returned not long after and said she was alright .
1	the wait staff was great but the management was sloppy and hands off .
0	go to the original pancake house about _num_ minutes away for a better breakfast .
1	the part where this goes bad is the management .
0	my silver was even wrapped in torn linens !
1	management did n't care , so i will be going elsewhere .
0	i came in with a flat .
1	so , i guess the wait staff follows the lead of management .
0	my new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank .
1	park _num_ cafe is under new management .
0	this place does n't do it for me at all .
1	the management is horrible they will never take any responsibility if something happens !
0	slow .
1	i have never dealt with such poor management in my life .
0	did n't eat here ... this review not about the food .
1	bad work and terrible management !
0	apparently with this kind of reception , no one wants to pay full price .
1	the only explanation is piss poor management .
0	my overall opinion is that the service was terrible and the food was overpriced .
1	management needs to come across a little more sincere too with their apologies .
0	i will not recommend this establishment in the future .
1	he should not be in management position .
0	i ordered chicken tortellini pasta and chicken noodle soup .
1	sadly this does n't seem to be contained to bad management at one store .
0	unfortunately , the food was mixed .
1	management and service is very poor .
0	sorry , bummer .
1	fish market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity or new management .
