0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	worst manicure and pedicure experience i have ever had .
0	i will never spend money here again !
1	i told them _num_ pedicures and _num_ manicure .
0	the selection here is stellar , but the prices are ridiculously high .
1	i will never return to this establishment for my manicure .
0	very pricey food , cash only , average food .
1	marina - who does manicures , pedicures and waxing is the best .
0	burnt chicken in the burrito .
1	glad i did because i had a terrific pedi and shellac manicure !
0	received bad service today .
1	sub par manicure and pedicure is being nice .
0	i hated it !
1	that was $ _num_ to get a crappy manicure and cut up fingers .
0	gone was the flavor and little taste of spicy burn at the end .
1	the manicure was very quick and not at all thorough .
0	i was too drunk and full of pita donuts to eat my dinner .
1	she is also very patient which is essential to a fabulous manicure !
0	we ordered just soup and eggrolls for takeout .
1	i 'm always pleased with my manicures and pedicures !
0	highly disappointing philly cheesesteak !
1	the gel manicure was peeling off the next day too .
0	the only way to describe the food is disgusting .
1	i got the worst gel manicure here last week .
0	it was n't even crowded .
1	i got a pedi and a fill with french manicure .
0	i called back at 10am instead .
1	the worst - my manicure did n't last _num_ hours .
0	fail .
1	well manicured , greens always in great shape .
0	bed bugs would n't believe me i had to show my bite marks .
1	the manicure was great though and my nails look good .
0	this place had horrible service .
1	she did a great job on my gel manicure and my pedicure !
0	i just have to wonder why lidia would create a menu like this .
1	i was there to get pedicure and manicure .
0	so , that was really disappointing .
1	the manicure itself was rushed and the polish job was sloppy .
0	the manager was rude .
1	ca n't believe i paid $ _num_ for this manicure .
0	_num_ . )
1	worse manicure i 've got in _num_ years .
0	terrible food .
1	i hated everything about this gel manicure .
0	the spicy yellow tail was not spicy .
1	needless to say i did n't get my manicure there .
0	this is not japanese food , period .
1	no one or nothing was in the manicure area .
0	this place went from awesome to worst after it changed owners .
1	they did a great job with my pedicure and gel manicure .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get the mustard and mayo .
1	they made the perfect french manicure and pedicure and i have tiny nails !
0	ended up just getting plain strips with honey mustard on the side .
1	i also had a gel manicure and paid extra for the hand massage .
0	but each time i come away disappointed , even more than last time .
1	i literally get the same gel manicure every time .
0	the bottom and the top rated with grease .
1	favorite place to get my manicure done !
0	shortly after , another lady comes over .
1	the girl who did my pedicure and gel manicure was excellent and very friendly .
0	it was _num_ % breading .
1	anyways he gave my the most awful gel manicure i have ever gotten .
0	it came w duck ragu that was ice cold !
1	did not have to wait , guys were nice , gel manicure was subpar .
0	i spoke with brian at the desk who was very polite and professional .
1	for the price , it was a good pedicure and manicure .
0	you get off the elevator on the 5th floor .
1	great spa services from facial and manicures to full massages and waxing too .
0	it was about _num_ inches off the ground !
1	she does pedicures , manicures , threading and waxing .
0	however , last night 's dinner was just plain bad .
1	best manicure i have ever had .
0	and trying to get our check ?
1	i picked out my color and the guy started my manicure .
0	he was loud , very loud .
1	i 've came here twice to get my gel manicure done .
0	they told me that they charge _num_ dollars a hour .
1	i got the gel french manicure .
0	when i complained how they failed to honor my reservation mr .
1	i got a pedicure and manicure and great conversation .
0	the cashiers , pharmacy , and customer service manager were so rude and stupid .
1	worst gel manicure i 've ever gotten .
0	overcooked and dry , dry , dry .
1	honestly , one of the best manicures i have had .
0	i felt terrible for her in that situation .
1	got a gel manicure , she took her time , did a great job !
0	first of all , house chianti tasted like vinegar .
1	the lady doing my manicure was nice , at least she smiled .
0	hoping it 's just been a bad few nights .
1	the fairways are always lush and the greens well manicured .
0	every order is wrong .
1	i got the worst manicure yesterday .
0	bun was also cold like just out of the refrigerator .
1	i got a gel manicure and a pedicure last friday .
0	salad will come first , then a couple of dogs , then fries .
1	i went with my friend here to get a basic pedicure and gel manicure .
0	well hell , what was your first guess ?
1	the manicure was great as well .
0	avoid this place at all costs .
1	the worst manicure i have ever experienced .
0	service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly .
1	he does an amazing job and the manicures last a long time !
0	but this gives me the chance to tell you how terrible the cannoli was .
1	they did a horrible job on my gel manicure .
0	horrible , horrible , horrible .
1	i went back a week later for a gel manicure .
0	this used to be my favorite place uptown .
1	i asked for a fake set manicure .
0	they literally just threw the wings in the fryer and delivered it to us .
1	best acrylic manicure i 've ever gotten .
0	we never got a call about the reservation time which was annoying .
1	did a great job on my pedicure and french manicure .
0	bad idea .
1	we chose to get a manicure as well and i immediately regretted it .
0	i ordered a hamburger with fries for $ _num_ .
1	i have been here a handful of times for gel manicure and pedicure .
0	the sausage was made in-house and was very flavorful .
1	my manicure was worse ( as if that could be possible ) !
0	just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off .
1	she is quick and the gel manicure stays on for at least two weeks .
0	so disappointed .
1	i highly recommend getting french gel manicure .
0	the place smells of old towels and the bathrooms are horrible .
1	the next day ( less than _num_ hours ) my manicure was chipped ugh !
0	sadly not worth the money or time .
1	i recently got into the gel manicure trend .
0	it came out of the kitchen with noodles instead of the potatoes .
1	worst manicure ever , chipped the next day .
0	honesty today must have been forgotten .
1	absolute worst gel manicure !
0	worst nail salon ever .
1	i had to flag him back down and got a _num_ min manicure .
0	absolute _num_ % avoid at all costs .
1	today , i brought my son to my routine gel manicure visit .
0	missed opportunity .
1	two of us had made appointments for _num_ manicures .
0	i open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed .
1	$ _num_ for a shellac manicure .
0	the service was bad and unfortunately the haircut was even worse .
1	worst manicure ever !
0	i sucked it up and ate the stupid beef .
1	got my gel manicure and days later almost all my nails started to lift .
0	the pizza , even when plain , is very greasy .
1	grace did a wonderful job with a pedicure and french shellac manicure .
0	_num_ mins .
1	my gel manicure did n't even last a week .
0	when we got to the table , we were hoping for a better experience .
1	the manicure was not .
0	we sat outside and the service was very slow .
1	my total was $ _num_ which is ridiculous a manicure that does n't last .
0	it reminded me of a cheap college place .
1	i like a traditional natural manicure and this place does not deliver .
0	the head massage was painful and rough .
1	the things i was most disappointed in was the manicure .
0	the food was terrible and way overpriced .
1	i paid $ _num_ for a manicure and it was not good .
0	it really is just a bar with bad bar food .
1	i got the worst manicure and pedicure i 've ever had there .
0	a complete lack of work ethic , it 's disgusting .
1	looks like i did my manicure myself .
0	but i just can not bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here .
1	i have natural nails and always get a gel manicure .
0	probably one of the worst places i have been to recently .
1	took _num_ hours total mid day saturday for a fill in manicure and polish !
0	for $ _num_ plus delivery ?
1	the best manicure in town !
0	this is my third grocery store stop of the day .
1	i am not angry with amy who gave me my manicure .
0	poor service .
1	the best place for a real manicure .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	the two nail techs were so friendly and gave us great manicures .
0	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
1	the gel manicures do not last .
0	even with this voucher i feel like i paid too much money .
1	because of the poor quality manicures i will be looking for a new place .
0	by now its nearly _num_ o'clock .
1	went in for a simple manicure and they damaged my nails beyond repair .
0	nothing was dry ?
1	i 've gone in several times for gel manicures .
0	too over priced for mani and pedi .
1	i loved my manicure !
0	however , lately i 'm becoming more and more frustrated by the store .
1	tiffany is definitely the best when it comes to shellac manicures and acrylic nails .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	worst manicure i 've ever had .
0	my son 's macaroni and cheese was salty and cold .
1	worst pedicure and gel manicure ever !
0	poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality .
1	she even filed my nails after the manicure was done and dried .
0	the horrible location ?
1	the manicure and pedicure was poor .
0	first , we were disappointed by how many places were closed on a sunday .
1	i was very disappointed with my manicure .
0	that was not fair to her and definitely not fair to us .
1	the manicures were very lacking .
0	it was a small side salad of iceberg lettuce and croutons with italian dressing .
1	also , i have had pedicures and manicures here and loved the experience .
0	this should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction .
1	it was the manicure that changed my whole experience .
0	terrible crab bisque .
1	great pricing and yelp discounts make for a very affordable manicure .
0	the chicken was like tasteless rubber .
1	for $ _num_ i expect a manicure along with gel polish .
0	waitress never apologized .
1	worst gel manicure ever !
0	_num_ .
1	the manicure itself was below average .
0	that was unacceptable .
1	the gel manicure did not even last _num_ days .
0	_num_ hour wait and then cold food served .
1	my wife did not enjoy the manicure or the `` spa pedicure '' .
0	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
1	the manicure was bad too .
0	my mom had spaghetti with meat sauce and said it was just mediocre .
1	got the worst manicure i 've ever gotten in my whole life here today .
0	some customers may like it , me , not so much .
1	i came for a gel pedicure , manicure , and eyebrow waxing .
0	i should have known then that it would be a bad experience .
1	they always do a good job on my manicure and pedicure .
0	this was a mistake .
1	the gel manicure i got was applied incorrectly .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	i went in for my first manicure and i really enjoyed it !
0	the drive through service here leaves something to be desired .
1	ruined that manicure .
0	their chicken is better too .
1	ca n't remember the last time i had a manicure .
0	extremely disappointed .
1	finally , she was not remotely upset that my manicure was bad .
0	there were tiny pieces of what looked like artificial crab .
1	i bought a groupon for four gel manicures , really wish i had n't .
0	i was n't as impressed with buca as i wanted to be .
1	great manicure for $ _num_ .
0	he was very rude to us .
1	i would 've walked out after my _num_ hour manicure .
0	i do n't like this place , nor the food .
1	got one of the best gel manicures i have ever gotten !
0	they refuse to put a camera in the package room , parking lot too .
1	beautiful pedicure and gel french manicure .
0	i mean thats absurd to charge these prices !
1	worst gel manicure i have ever had .
0	it was n't good at all .
1	amazing manicure and pedicure .
0	did n't get any refills .
1	the manicure was sloppy , it looks horrible .
0	limited menu .
1	hands down worst manicure i 've ever had .
0	so , after all was said and done , my sandwich was just ok .
1	my manicure was horrible .
0	i can send it to marriott if requested . )
1	i just got a manicure and i looks so pretty .
0	this is absolutely the worst place i 've ever been to .
1	anyway , i got a french manicure , it was n't bad .
0	their food was mediocre at best .
1	i tried this place twice for manicures .
0	it was loud and crowded .
1	love my french gel manicure !
0	waited for _num_ minutes for a bagel with cream cheese with no line .
1	$ _num_ for gel but if you want a manicure its $ _num_ .
0	no problem , we were seated right away .
1	good place to get manicures .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	the absolute worst manicure i 've ever had .
0	my god the sun will be coming up soon !
1	i purchased groupon for the gel manicure and pedicure .
0	the baby starts coming out : doctors runs in my room .
1	by far the worst shellac manicure i have ever had .
0	when i come back to charlotte i wo n't be trying this restaurant again .
1	and i was n't happy with the manicure or pedicure .
0	it was grilled chicken , french fries , a little cheese on chopped lettuce .
1	she does a great job with waxing but manicures and pedicures are awesome here !
0	it 's an ayce trio .
1	this was the worst gel manicure experience i 've had .
0	the bleu cheese dressing , though , tasted pretty good .
1	i was there to get my nails taken off and get a gel manicure .
0	it was tough and boring .
1	i got a gel manicure , it is very clean .
0	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
1	tina does a great job on gel manicures .
0	just a mess .
1	very friendly , clean and great long lasting manicure and pedicures .
0	the restaurant is understaffed , poorly managed , and the staff is badly trained .
1	great manicure and pedicure !
0	that aside , the crepes are okay , nothing special .
1	i brought in a photo and love my manicure !
0	the bed was comfortable enough and the room was mostly clean .
1	the techs also ask for payment before the manicure starts which is awkward .
0	nothing to brag about .
1	i purchased a groupon for a shellac manicure .
0	why did n't they do that in the first place .
1	it was weird because they never felt this way after a manicure before .
0	maybe i 'm spoiled with good vietnamese food but this was terrible .
1	i went in for a manicure and was disgusted at the tools .
0	loaded with cheese that had pools of grease swimming on it .
1	the grounds are extremely well manicured and beautiful to walk around .
0	i ordered honey walnut chicken and was served honey walnut shrimp .
1	i was completely embarrassed as i took my visiting mother for a relaxing manicure .
0	this place does decent thai food , but is nothing special .
1	great manicures and pedicures !
0	it was _num_ of us and _num_ ppl got their checks .
1	first the woman rushed through my `` manicure . ''
0	ingredients were n't fresh and the gyro was heavy on the spices .
1	i always come for pedicures and occasionally manicures .
0	terrible customer service .
1	this is the worst manicure i 've ever gotten .
0	the worst mani/pedi of my life .
1	my manicure was awful !
0	no one to help with bags morning or night .
1	i 've gotten a manicure once which was decent !
0	will not come back here .
1	i went to tiffany 's nails for a gel manicure .
0	do n't bother eating here .
1	doing my nails i had told them i wanted a manicure gel .
0	_num_ cents .
1	paid $ _num_ for a basic manicure on polish free natural nails .
0	ok , i did , and i stopped eating .
1	great job on my nails , got a pedicure and manicure .
0	go figure cooked , but cold .
1	reasonable price for gel manicure and pedicure .
0	the only good thing was that the cheese biscuits here are bomb !
1	also my manicure was pretty mediocre .
0	when we got back to our hotel .
1	worst gel manicure i 've ever received .
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	rude dirty and the worst manicure pedicure i 've ever gotten .
0	neither of us were impressed .
1	the manicures are good too .
0	the coleslaw was a couple pieces of lettuce with some carrots .
1	i give them _num_ perfectly manicured thumbs up !
0	anyway , i 'm never going back here .
1	gel manicures are great here , tips are great here ... just everything !
0	i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
1	diana did my manicure and she was excellent .
0	the bartender never came back to me to take my drink order .
1	the manicure was even worse .
0	unfortunately , i did not have the great experience others did .
1	and the gel manicure is beautiful !
0	but sadly , it was n't .
1	cindy did a great manicure and pedicure .
0	maybe it 's nostalgia for the cigar but i thought he looked ridiculous .
1	it costs $ _num_ for a manicure and $ _num_ for a pedicure .
0	pros : it 's like living in an apt .
1	_num_ ) my friend was doing a manicure and change polish on toes .
0	_num_ there service is awful , _num_ there prices are awful .
1	excellent manicure !
0	_num_ ) they did not return my $ _num_ security deposit .
1	clean , friendly salon with great manicures and pedicures !
0	and was really disappointed .
1	excellent manicure .
0	but my recent experience there has changed my mind a bit .
1	lee took good care of my pedicure and manicure .
0	shame on you , time warner cable .
1	i went in today to get a pedicure and gel manicure .
0	the tiramisu also was gross .
1	this is the worst manicure i 've ever had in my life !
0	life is too short to waste you time and money on this place !
1	it was a great deal and the manicure looks great !
0	literally disgusting .
1	i just had a manicure done at this location and i am dissatisfied .
0	some drinks were returned from the bar while some never reached the table .
1	in the process , she ruined her manicure and took that off too .
0	just order from one of the two sites i listed above .
1	now i have a very noticeable white spot on my new french manicure .
0	this is the worst company as far as billing & customer service are concerned .
1	i loved , loved the manicure and pedicure they gave me .
0	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
1	overall , i was very happy with my manicure .
0	it was a very disappointing meal .
1	she gave me a beautiful gel french manicure and my nails look great !
0	not a fan of the french bread .
1	worst manicure of my life , and the pedicure was n't much better .
0	the place is dated and could use updating .
1	went with my mom to get regular manicures , not gel .
0	sorry , not sorry .
1	a gel manicure should not chip after _num_ days .
0	if you like sandwiches with french fries piled on them , go for it .
1	the two ladies i was with got gel manicures which were also done well .
0	$ _num_ and we both left and ate pizza .
1	just got a gel french manicure and unfortunately the look is not sharp .
0	for dinner i ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes .
1	this time i walked in to get a manicure .
0	i was absolutely horrified !
1	the 2nd time i just wanted a regular manicure and it was awful .
0	the inside of the resturant is cramped and poorly maintained .
1	if you go here get a regular manicure not gel .
0	i waited as long as i could but she never came back .
1	for paying over $ _num_ , this manicure was worthless .
0	should n't you be doing this for all of your clients ?
1	i am so pleased with the gel manicures here- they do an excellent job .
0	went in there with friends knowing `` friends '' but everyone was rude .
1	tammy did my gel manicure and pedicure and i was happy with it !
0	fish tacos - _num_ people in our party got these .
1	my manicures have always been perfect here .
0	we were ... disappointed .
1	my manicures and pedicures always turn out beautifully .
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	she is very detailed and my manicure looks amazing !
0	seems he was already looking to replace the manager .
1	i got the gel manicure and the spa pedi .
