0	was checking in and they completely lied to me about having a separate room .
1	the meat in the pot roast tasted processed .
0	i would n't come here for anything .
1	it was a very poor cut of meat , with much fat and gristle .
0	total dive bar with awful food and service .
1	meat was a step above over cooked .
0	i agree _num_ % on maggie g 's review .
1	it was turned into gray meat and cost almost _num_ dollars .
0	tiffany prices with kay jewelers selection .
1	he got three stuffed shells in a meat sauce .
0	it 's not 5-star , it 's pizza .
1	the gyro meat tastes like ... nothing .
0	i really wanted to write a good review , but the experience was disappointing .
1	my meat was over cooked and not seasoned well at all .
0	too much cheese on their pizzas , and the customer service is incredibly poor .
1	and those particular nachos were just as bad without the `` meat '' .
0	only because they were my only option .
1	once again , it was a chewy , mediocre seasoned piece of meat .
0	but damn , i was hungry !
1	moo shu has plenty of cabbage , hardly any meat .
0	overall , my haircuts were never good .
1	oh , and like _num_ slices of meat and a slice of cheese .
0	go down the street and get some tastier food at tram 's kitchen .
1	no sign of italian meat to be found .
0	the bride chose a dress hoping it would look better in a smaller size .
1	maybe someone that eats meat would appreciate this but to me ... yuk !
0	i decided to play it safe and ordered the broccoli in garlic sauce .
1	you pay for a choice cut of meat and get waffle house food .
0	salmon salad was not good at all .
1	i do n't eat meat or pork , so i only wanted chicken .
0	the food was mediocre .
1	the chicken tasted like mystery meat .
0	answer : pretty bad !
1	meat tasted very bitter and left bad taste in my mouth .
0	and another which was not the one my husband had ordered .
1	bought the store 's speciality sausages - bland and tasted of spoiled meat .
0	if you are in the aaa , you 'll know i 'm calling .
1	the meat itself smelled horrible .
0	unfortunately , the service we were given ruined our overall experience at buffalo blues .
1	the rest of the meats were serve cold .
0	i probably wo n't be back ever again .
1	the ground meat on the inside on the other hand , was very bland .
0	i 'm genuinely disappointed with the recent changes .
1	the lasagna was loaded with meat and just enough ricotta to balance .
0	i can not review the food .
1	there was almost no meat on it and the bread was a little stale .
0	ordered the lobster mac n cheese as an appetizer .
1	the chilli they use is worse than that mystery meat texas pete canned chilli .
0	for salad , they only served `` caesar salad '' .
1	the meat patty was coated and then deep fried .
0	overall the food was hit or miss .
1	the meat was all dark meat , and some of it quite fatty .
0	but it was n't during peak hours .
1	the meat were tasteless and dry and so were the veggies !
0	service is just terrible .
1	the only item i have had and really enjoyed was the meat ball sandwich .
0	hoping to get a different vet next time i took my other cat there .
1	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
0	and the garlic wings did n't taste like garlic .
1	my hoagie was dry with min meat .
0	customer friendly said there is nothing he can do .
1	that was the worst meat that i have seen since junior high school .
0	it was kind of uncomfortable .
1	i ate as much of the eggplant and meat as i could dig out .
0	it 's really sad actually .
1	the meat was dry and lacking an particular flavour .
0	unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight .
1	i expected a nice tangy flavor to compliment the meat but was disappointed .
0	no way .
1	just an insane amount of meat between two slices of bread .
0	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
1	the meat was n't special .
0	it just was n't anything special .
1	nothing worse than freezer burnt meat .
0	they brought mussels instead of our mozzarella sticks .
1	the meat itself did not taste good .
0	that was not acceptable to me .
1	well my reuben had barely had any meat and no _num_ island dressing .
0	and it 's not just coffee , and not just target .
1	i think it was either old or just a very poor cut of meat .
0	( i was _num_ cars away ) .
1	nachos are chips with taco bell meat and obvious nacho cheese from a pump .
0	the only seasoning available are salt , pepper , hot sauce , & ketchup .
1	the meat tasted spoiled , the texture was weird and it was greasy .
0	this place is terrible .
1	no meat in any of the _num_ pastas .
0	the fries were cold and mushy .
1	the garlic beef was cold and the meat was very fatty .
0	smoke bomb disappeared !
1	the most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat .
0	i just kinda stared at her in shock , unable to speak .
1	the problem is that the meat is not very good .
0	bland and overcooked .
1	additionally , they are quite stingy with the meat , i.e .
0	it just sucks here .
1	the meat was fine the salad bar was empty there had been _num_ buses .
0	but too much pamela 's seems greasy .
1	was that really chicken lunch meat sliced thick in my pasta ?
0	i would absolutely not return to this salon .
1	( that might also explain the meat being overdone ) .
0	sorry , we will never step foot in here again .
1	barely to bites of meat all bread and not good bread either !
0	needless to say , we were disappointed .
1	i had spaghetti with meat sauce and my wife and son had chicken parmesan .
0	_num_ . )
1	wings are super hard and have no meat .
0	the place was more of a hole in the wall then i can appreciate .
1	i ordered beef ribs that were more fat than meat .
0	the waitstaff saw what was happening and did n't care at all .
1	boiled meat covered in bbq sauce is not bbq .
0	the chicken breast was so small .
1	the meat is badly burned and cold .
0	pizza , sandwiches , beer , what could go wrong ?
1	the `` meat '' in my dish was some greasy lips and assholes .
0	rude .
1	this particular deli meat however , was a few steps beyond .
0	however it was unprofessional of our waitress to pass buck .
1	the chicken meat lacked any flavor .
0	i understand , you ca n't try them all .
1	the salad bar lacked all kinds of meat for the salads .
0	the lobster bisque was bland and cold .
1	ordered kalbi ribs and they gave me the ribs but no meat attached !
0	both of these dishes were extremely unappealing as well .
1	they were hot but the meat tasted old so he just ate the outside .
0	more screaming and yelling than the night before .
1	i had very little meat in mine , and more coleslaw that anything else .
0	the coffee was just a little off .
1	soft , tasteless pitas with bland meat and sauce .
0	horrible !
1	go to meat & potatoes instead , and order a sandwich there .
0	that 's right , my burrito had no flavor .
1	unfortunately more than half of the chunks of `` meat '' were bone .
0	very disappointing .
1	horrid meat !
0	just thought you should know .
1	the chicken was all dark meat and tasted aweful .
0	linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude .
1	taco shells were old -- meat was tasteless -- rice was cold .
0	the sauce they were drowning in seemed to have almost a chemical taste .
1	we ordered the lasagna with marinara sauce and manicotti with meat sauce .
0	the waitress was n't rude , but she just was n't there .
1	i told the server that the meat was dry , overcooked and old tasting .
0	the bill was way too high .
1	unfortunately the meat loaf was dreadful as were the mashed potatoes .
0	service could have been better .
1	the server is so rude and the meat is covered in grease !
0	i rarely write negative reviews .
1	and meats were not cooked to request and the servers forgot the eating utensils .
0	it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ?
1	my burger was missing everything but meat and cheese .
0	_num_ ) the catfish was a complete fish with bones .
1	the meat was so tough , i gave up after a few pieces .
0	an expensive mess .
1	not sure why you would cut a piece of meat like that .
0	so , obviously , no free refills .
1	the meat was just okay nothing stands out .
0	our garlic bread came out literally black .
1	i dont eat meat so i ate the spinach ravioli and it was ok .
0	what a mistake .
1	i ordered a platter with no sausage as i dont eat meat .
0	it begins with no signs saying where the hotel is at .
1	tough little bits of meat in the way overcooked eggs .
0	i 'm not paying $ _num_ to get rushed service .
1	the gyro meat was bland ... gyros are not meant to be bland !
0	but hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable .
1	the meat was very dry and falling apart but not over cooked .
0	i would not recommend this place and would never go back .
1	it also had no seasoning on the meat at all .
0	the wifi signal is weak .
1	it was watery and bland and had very little meat .
0	worst .
1	when you walk in , there is no aroma of bbq , just meat .
0	_num_ cents .
1	the meat had little to no seasoning !
0	the okra and tomatoes were alright .
1	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a much better piece of meat .
0	come now , i barely drink alcohol .
1	there did n't seem to be any seasoning of the meat whatsoever .
0	the bathroom was awful , bedding lumpy and ancient , and the lighting poor .
1	even my _num_ year old recognized the poor quality of meat .
0	once we did get seated , service was slow and really bad .
1	the meat was flavorless .
0	i just paid the bill and we left and went to eat n park .
1	she is like you said no meat .
0	bland .
1	meat was too salty and the hush puppies were just ok , nothing good .
0	show off how much money you can waste in a night .
1	they clearly used too much oil and did not let the meat rest .
0	do not stay here .
1	cheap meat , crap salad bar , just awful .
0	the service was terrible .
1	gross , i know , but so was this meat .
0	it was very greasy and had virtually no crab .
1	the meat was dry the sides were bland .
0	there were literally exactly four sad little pieces .
1	so undercooked that the meat was actually cold .
0	lastly , i 've had some really poor customer service experiences at this location .
1	i think the meats are boiled and not smoked .
0	not one good thing to say .
1	i could n't believe that a bbq restaurant would have frozen meat .
0	at night it is a nightmare .
1	the ribeye steak is low quality meat .
0	i just had the worst meal ever here .
1	the biggest problem was that the meat was under cooked .
0	i thought it was actually not very appetizing at all .
1	it was n't spoiled tasting , more like a really cheap cut of meat .
0	also they were not that tender .
1	yes , they brought me _num_ pieces of overcooked meat on buns .
0	ca n't win 'em all , right ?
1	the tables were not wiped off and there was meat on the floor .
0	pasta trio had the worst sauce i have ever tasted .
1	the meat was extremely bland , with very little seasoning .
0	there are better places to eat for the same money .
1	no way you 're actually getting either of those meats in the dishes .
0	very disappointed in the quality of what i got .
1	as to the preparation of the actual meat .
0	it seems as if this place is now more hit or miss .
1	hell no ... they eat mostly meat and some veggies .
0	this place is horrible .
1	sadly , the meat was really bad .
0	my wife had the chicken pesto pasta .
1	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
0	let 's add up those dollars , shall we , time warner ?
1	however , the employees in the meat department are very rude .
0	terrible !
1	monday you did n't have meat .
0	wouldnt you think they would have an attendant check on the bathroom on occasion .
1	fatty meat low quality with inflated prices .
0	no way , no how .
1	becky ordered some meat with chile sauce which came first .
0	it 's all crap .
1	this leaves the meat dry and tasteless .
0	it was a total disappointment for me .
1	there was very little meat and what there was was slimy and undercooked .
0	the food on the buffet was cold and tasted old .
1	what we got was gray meat , with not one ounce of seasoning .
0	i ordered chicken tortellini pasta and chicken noodle soup .
1	very little meat and cheese and way too much shredded lettuce .
0	i was exceptionally disappointed .
1	the meat was tough , and could not be eaten .
0	will never return to any location !
1	- awful gyro meat .
0	do not shop here , it 's not worth the risk .
1	my mom had spaghetti with meat sauce and said it was just mediocre .
0	i was not going to pay for the dressing on the side .
1	meat was not cooked properly and was very chewy .
0	i do n't know how corporate keeps this place open .
1	however , the meat did not look very appetizing and tasted very dry .
0	we check in , we get the wrong room .
1	there was hardly any meat at all and it was flavorless .
0	i got a medium _num_ topping and this pizza was very bland to me .
1	like its the same sauce , just with different meats and sometimes vegetables .
0	urban spoon rated _num_ % favorite .
1	the meat had no flavor whatsoever not even salt .
0	poor job .
1	it tasted nothing like pork , or meat for that matter .
0	will not be back .
1	the sausage was piled on top the meat sauce in ground pile .
0	all i got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless .
1	tortilla was undercooked and barely any meat .
0	so they lost another star for over priced for the value i received .
1	same goes for milk , cold cuts and breakfast meat products .
0	very rude staff .
1	the crispy duck was aweful dry and all bones chopped up with little meat .
0	we will not be back .
1	makes me wonder whether the meat is beyond its expiration date too .
0	in a word : forgettable .
1	the meat was salty and tasteless .
0	beware !
1	it is nothing but chewy meat covered in cheap cheese and grease .
0	nope , it said $ _num_ for a master stylist women 's haircut .
1	but you ca n't get any other cut of meat .
0	it was god awful .
1	the shells were ok , but the meat was a poor attempt .
0	he also went on to give me the fastest haircut i 've ever had .
1	i ca n't even chew the meat , its so tough .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	they advertise `` you do n't need no teeth to eat our meat . ''
0	i would be hard pressed to ever return .
1	only frozen meat , one type of sausage .
0	i paid $ _num_ for shipping .
1	the meat tastes alright , but nothing special .
0	very kind , gave me minor changes without question .
1	it was all french fries and very little meat .
0	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
1	bbq meat tasted old .
0	it was runny and bland .
1	the cranberry sauce completely overpowered the meat so that 's all i could taste .
0	it was just average , nothing special .
1	no meat .
0	needless to say , she would n't leave us alone .
1	waitress : our food was served with rice and meat .
0	overall , a disappointing dining experience .
1	his steak tasted like hamburger meat and my fries were cold .
0	no such luck .
1	reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat .
0	my dad and i walked in around _num_ pm on a friday night .
1	from the bakery , you walk along a long meat wall .
0	she asks employee to scale back .
1	not much flavor , and not a high quality meat .
0	will probably never go here again because the person servicing me was rude .
1	but i was n't in the mood for meat .
0	the runny quinoa was a mess and hard to boot .
1	- veggies were fresh and deli meat was meh .
0	for that reason , i ca n't give this place less than two stars .
1	so-so cole slaw and dry meat .
0	even the server commented on the lack of a sauce .
1	price is a little expensive but they give you a lot of meat .
0	yet , he still drew blood and several yelled codes to the techs .
1	the meat was bland , tasteless .
0	the produce in their hoagies is as bad as their salads .
1	bread , cheese , meat - that 's it .
0	furnishings and bedding from the _num_ 's ... if not _num_ 's !
1	the meat balls had absolute no taste , kind of like cardboard .
0	left and halfway home , `` check engine '' light came back on .
1	it reminds me of the frozen gyro meat you can get at grocery stores .
0	i only returned because i was getting my dog groomed at the nearby petco .
1	imitation crab meat at an italian restaurant does n't fly .
0	the worst part was checking out .
1	maybe too fast since they gave me so little meat .
0	i was there on a weeknight , for over _num_ hours .
1	the meats did not seem fresh .
0	i 'm glad i took my money elsewhere .
1	meat in all the dishes was tender but not very flavorful .
0	needless to say , we were unable to take advantage of any specials .
1	the meat in both was slightly greasy and not particularly flavorful .
0	i assure you this place is n't it .
1	very thinly sliced meat that was very chewy .
0	more pear shaped , waitress was no where to be found for _num_ minutes .
1	there was no meat to be eaten .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	i ordered chicken curry , the meat was spoiled and made me throw out .
0	employees watching reality tv during business hours really puts me off .
1	the pad that had no flavor and the meat was way overcooked .
0	this was my second visit and alas , my last .
1	minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce .
0	not good .
1	the ham was cold and salty and the turkey was like bad deli meat .
0	the server got my order wrong .
1	i really doubt the meat is old due to the restaurant is quite busy .
0	note that risotto , the only entree with a price , is $ _num_ .
1	the meat was undercooked both times i tried beef and chicken .
0	we called about the issue and they sent someone over right away .
1	we ordered meat dumplings , orange chicken and garlic chicken .
0	glad we went , but we wo n't go back .
1	i do n't like a sandwich with more mayo than meat , either .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	third , i 've personally had issues with meat quality here .
0	also , the service is slow and poor .
1	a few pieces of pork tasted like paper had gotten into meat .
0	weak leadership .
1	not a good meat to veggie to tortilla ratio .
0	there were also plenty of empty tables .
1	the bones are small and barely have any meat on them at all .
0	i will never spend money here again !
1	a breakfast sandwich had weird burnt meat on it .
0	$ _num_ dollars for a plate of pasta , really ?
1	no meat , no seasoning , no nothing .
0	i mean , so so bad .
1	i got the penne ala vodka without prosciutto because i do n't eat meat .
0	very disappointed in our delivery order this evening .
1	she said that they consider all the patty to be meat .
0	when we eventually got the appetizer the bread , there were no plates around .
1	years and years of spilled food / blood from the meat department and etc .
0	when you try to cancel it takes forever and they are rude !
1	there was hardly any meat to be had .
0	terrible value but the steaks were good .
1	the meat was tough and the sauce was beyond bad .
0	it 's a shame he could not assist me with some grace and respect .
1	there is very little meat on the sandwich .
0	i suspect it would be really delicious cold , for breakfast .
1	is a pretty simple dish made from a cheap cut of meat .
0	sooo wrong .
1	not rib meat .
0	my girlfriend and i came to have some dinner around _num_ pm .
1	while we are talking about the meat - why use this garbage ?
0	i dined at morton 's last night jan _num_ , _num_ .
1	but they use the cheapest meats they can find and you can taste it .
0	how ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids .
1	only thing left was the meat .
0	the ac in the room also did not seem to operate properly .
1	it was a bucket of dry pasta with some cheese and meat .
0	it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
1	the chicken dishes had fat on the meat .
0	sushi is not flavorful at all .
1	most of the meat is made with alot of vegetables .
0	the drinks are weak as well .
1	if i had to eat that meat i would rather stare to death !
0	had no clue what i was talking about .
1	i would avoid the meat .
0	turns out this was n't the case .
1	i 'm still searching for good bbq meat in madison .
0	_num_ minutes later , nothing .
1	what kind of deli runs out of meat and white bread ?
0	the gym also has barely any lighting .
1	the produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good .
0	again no salt or seasoning .
1	the catfish was fried too hard and did not have any meat on it .
0	the cake part is now dry ?
1	i promised myself no more meat except fish starting new years .
