0	avoid .
1	did i mention that i 'm _num_ months pregnant ?
0	but their repeated attempts to enter woke us up .
1	guests always mention they ca n't wait to try go here .
0	i 'll limit my visits until i find that treasure .
1	in addition i have several friends that have mentioned poor experiences with this staff .
0	wow ... we 're we disappointed .
1	did i mention , there was silver skin , tough meat and overpriced meals ?
0	my wife 's dinner was bland .
1	the service as mentioned was poor .
0	it was loud , but expected that on a friday night .
1	not to mention the constant slow internet .
0	wrong .
1	not to mention the fact that entire boxes of flooring were delivered damaged .
0	all i could taste was the overwhelming chemical , fake garlic flavor .
1	not to mention , at $ _num_ after tip , this was no bargain .
0	not the drivers fault .
1	and not to mention her toes were not cut either .
0	the pork chop was so bitter and dry .
1	mentioned to our waitress that i thought my dinner was really small .
0	the coleslaw was a couple pieces of lettuce with some carrots .
1	not to mention half the moving walkways were not working .
0	when i finally get someone on the phone , they are rarely helpful .
1	their shuttle would have taken us there , but they never mentioned it .
0	never going back !
1	even another patient mentioned that it was rude !
0	a shame .
1	did i mention the over-priced , watered down drinks ?
0	it 's never horrible .
1	that was n't mentioned anywhere .
0	my simple question was : do you price match to you own website ?
1	not to mention that my car was returned with the check engine light on .
0	no thanks .
1	did i mention gross ?
0	however , seconds never came .
1	she took my bottle of wine and did not mention the price or anything .
0	it 's not like you 're open that late to begin with !
1	not to mention an expensive product that cant make it _num_ days .
0	there was a list of _num_ or so entrees we could choose from .
1	the giant one in your face does n't mention it .
0	bad mistake .
1	no to mention a very small portion for _num_ .
0	for me the food was terrible .
1	did i mention that it is march in phoenix and _num_ degrees .
0	i should have looked or felt it before i left the store .
1	a few others have mentioned that they felt ignored we must agree .
0	the next time i returned , i made an appointment with a different stylist .
1	i told them they should have mentioned that to me before !
0	this place is n't very good .
1	not to mention the surprise that they do n't take credit cards .
0	the problem is , they do n't show on the assigned day to clean .
1	not to mention what sub shop runs out of turkey on a sunday ?
0	there are a few of them and there 's really nowhere else to go .
1	not to mention it was not big at all .
0	i said no thanks .
1	not to mention , the food was so horrible .
0	i came in tonight ready to buy a bike .
1	not to mention she missed some spots .
0	the upscale prices did not match the dingy and dirty store .
1	by the way , did i mention prices are also higher at this location ?
0	service is horrible .
1	after _num_ minutes , i made mention that we still did n't have them .
0	the staff was rude .
1	appetizer never came and the waitress never mentioned it .
0	is that too much to ask ?
1	the hot food , as some other reviewers have mentioned , is pretty sub-par .
0	have n't you been to any restaurants , like , ever ?
1	not to mention , it 's not the cheapest place .
0	he told me i had about _num_ minutes to get it .
1	did i mention they told me on friday it should only be 1-2 weeks ?
0	_num_ . )
1	as one of the reviewers mentioned the breakfast was very oily .
0	these place are virtually the same .
1	not to mention that their facilities are in decline .
0	the quality of service from the staff was inconsistent .
1	not to mention my horchata was disgusting .
0	and he had a cd setup -- seriously , cds , in _num_ .
1	however , afterwards , both of us mentioned it to each other .
0	the buffet was really terrible .
1	did i mention the hostesses were rude ?
0	huge portion .
1	( not to mention the sales associates who had helped me minutes before ) .
0	needless to say i do n't think i will be returning .
1	they mentioned it as is it were a courtesy .
0	the menu was prix fixed at $ _num_ .
1	i was not pleased and mentioned it .
0	and questioned why it was cold .
1	not to mention , the owner is a complete bitch !
0	the big green salad was boring and everything was in huge chunks .
1	not to mention they 're overpriced .
0	and at least i put my cart back .
1	not to mention they do n't even know their own merchandise .
0	my other dining companion had the osso bucco which was dry and stringy .
1	did i mention that the doors here are noisy .
0	are you kidding me - not even inspected prior to delivery .
1	by the way did i mention i do n't like police .
0	_num_ minutes later , our food and the bill arrived .
1	we mention our reservation , he says no problem _num_ min ... great !
0	it was n't bad , just nothing great .
1	not to mention my allergies were in full effect .
0	the cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert .
1	not to mention they offer hard tacos .
0	the steak was rough and bad .
1	did i mention the service was bad ?
0	once we did get seated , service was slow and really bad .
1	not to mention , our order was wrong !
0	i was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone .
1	did i mention i was suppose to leave by 5am ?
0	the pizza at this place is o.k .
1	not to mention that it was so loud we could n't hear each other .
0	thank you for horrible customer service and a useless watch .
1	later on the beverage cart girl even mentioned that the pace was slow .
0	very rude and unprofessional , do n't go there !
1	and when i mentioned something , she said , no .
0	big groups of patrons led to pretty slow service .
1	my husband loves steak and gets sick if this restaurant is mentioned .
0	my burger was well done and dry .
1	as i mentioned we had been there two times since the bad experience .
0	in a word : forgettable .
1	did i mention the cake was dry ?
0	management there does n't care !
1	like one reviewer below mentioned , this is just a step above olive garden .
0	what i found most annoying was the uncomfortable seating .
1	_num_ other people in my party had ordered this and mentioned it was salty .
0	we originally sat upstairs , which was open per the sign .
1	not to mention , there is never open parking !
0	how about horrible customer service ?
1	did i mention the sign asking clients to leave their kids at home ?
0	these people are totally incompetent .
1	not to mention for an extended stay - no hair dryer .
0	do n't waste your time coming to this hole in the wall !
1	very dated as others have mentioned .
0	it was nasty .
1	did i mention my children are _num_ and _num_ years old .
0	there is nothing worse than someone else 's hair in your food .
1	he never mentioned he 'd be right back and just left me standing there .
0	i do n't even know where to begin .
1	before i forget to mention , one of the sofa chairs upholstery was torn .
0	the drive-thru is only slightly faster at 10-15 mins .
1	no one mentioned there was no public skating tonight .
0	i would prefer to leave _num_ stars .
1	not to mention stained chairs and a disgusting bathroom .
0	so all-in-all , the food was sub-par at best .
1	we mentioned our concern to ruth the last time .
0	the broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked .
1	oh and did i mention the restaurant was empty !
0	do n't get married here .
1	did i mention that it tasted like cheap margarita mix and no alcohol ?
0	um , hello ... how about an apology for wasting my time ?
1	he did n't mention anything , no apologies ... nada .
0	this restaurant is so gross and it 's dirty .
1	did i mention i was with my mother and _num_ month old baby ?
0	i think one star is being highly generous for this restaurant .
1	not to mention , the service and atmosphere was lacking for the price .
0	it was like having a standard old boring burger .
1	i should also mention that the salads were served warm along with lukewarm dressing .
0	we were ignored until i grabbed a table in the back .
1	did i mention that the four terminals are not connected in any way ?
0	so , we were n't allowed to sit at the bar or a table .
1	also did i mention my bike was stolen off my second story room balcony .
0	i ordered my spicy tuna and salmon rolls , both came within _num_ minutes .
1	not to mention under my kitchen sink was all nasty and would leak .
0	it 's not .
1	they did tell us one was closed but failed to mention the other _num_ .
0	we ate two each , then told the server we did n't want them .
1	not to mention the price was about $ _num_ .
0	we will not be going back .
1	when i mention this they said they really could care less .
0	ordered , is not .
1	she mentioned that she even complained to a regional manager .
0	if this is the case then my oh my how the mighty have fallen .
1	she also mentioned that the manager would be calling me that day .
0	bad !
1	not to mention they changed the prices last minute .
0	this was my first and last time at this restaurant .
1	not to mention most items are _num_ or more a plate for garbage food .
0	both meals were served barely warm .
1	not to mention the bathroom was disgusting .
0	the flavor is ok but why is the dog so skinny ?
1	someone walked by from the wait staff and we mentioned it .
0	go here to die !
1	not to mention horrible customer service .
0	a pulled pork appetizer was passable , nowhere near the dish it replaced .
1	not to mention , the food looked over priced for what is was .
0	skip this place if you do n't want to feel ill after dining .
1	not to mention yogurt etc .
0	worst food in pittsburgh .
1	not to mention it 's clearly marked no cameras .
0	most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
1	it 's beyond ridiculous and not to mention annoying to try and sleep on .
0	the wild boar ravioli tasted fine , but the presentation was seriously lacking .
1	not a word was mentioned about it from them , not a question !
0	i was highly disappointed in the service , and i only ordered take out .
1	i had n't even mentioned my experience .
0	i 'm no longer going back .
1	no drink menu on the table and the server did n't mention a thing .
0	i of course had filet , and i was just so underwhelmed with it .
1	not to mention cold , soggy and wet .
0	they 'll cook the egg and bacon in their crap microwave for you .
1	eggs were so overcooked they even looked rubbery , not to mention the taste .
0	so not worth the walk that we took to get here .
1	of course , the staff never mentioned anything about my dad 's birthday .
0	it tasted like nothing .
1	and did i mention that the margarita was very weak ?
0	the service is most often rude .
1	not to mention the coffee was burnt !
0	not sure we would return anytime soon .
1	( did i mention this place is incredibly noisy too ?
0	i 'm not joking about the water .
1	not to mention they do n't fill your drink !
0	they had _num_ hostess up front doing nothing and did n't even greet us .
1	not to mention i think the quality of sushi continues to get worse .
0	really , you do n't get much for what you pay for at panera .
1	again i mentioned i wanted to do this as cheap as possible .
0	i like the quiche every morning rotating variety everyday .
1	eh , like i mentioned before , this was a bust .
0	very disappointed !
1	waitress should have probably mentioned that .
0	did n't see too much in particular that i loved about this place .
1	not to mention the food is over priced for the quality as well !
0	_num_ .
1	not to mention messing up payments and bills .
0	everything tasted like nothing .
1	the list goes on ... not to mention , we have _num_ young children !
0	the outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste .
1	oh yea , i almost forgot to mention the entree 's .
0	yeah , i 'm not coming here anymore .
1	not to mention the office is tiny and very dirty !
0	they do everything they can to charge you extra fees .
1	did i mention i 'm having a slow day at work ?
0	really a _num_ star .
1	did i mention the sandwich was completely overpriced as well ?
0	also , the service was not that good .
1	not to mention the $ _num_ snow cone .
0	no way .
1	we mentioned to the manager , whom was not very sincere with his response .
0	never again will i take my dog there .
1	i wo n't mention names but the manager and assistant manager are terrible .
0	therefore they installer never made it to my apartment .
1	this is a noisy place as other reviews have mentioned .
0	it was a very disappointing meal .
1	i also ran into the slow refill issue that others mention .
0	_num_ .
1	not to mention the food has severely gone downhill .
0	check out the better business bureau ( bbb ) .
1	without mentioning money once , i was told all that they would do .
0	awful service , overpriced food .
1	why was n't this mentioned when i placed the order _num_ days ago ?
0	terrible !
1	not to mention some of the things i ordered never showed up .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	so if you did n't mention it you got screwed .
0	all i can really say is that she was a real ball of sunshine .
1	never mentioned that to me when i got the `` repaired `` watch .
0	the service was bad and unfortunately the haircut was even worse .
1	did i mention the store was completely empty ?
0	as chance would have it , the owner gary was around .
1	i asked our server why they had n't mentioned this when we came in .
0	it made me not want to drink my water even though i was thirsty .
1	everyone i know that has ever mentioned the duck tells me they like it .
0	the breaded shrimp tasted weird too .
1	and not to mention the _num_ fee with no description next to it .
0	super disappointed in this place .
1	not to mention there is a three drink maximum !
0	good place _num_ a large group to drink get apps tho .
1	also not to mention this was all done on a holiday .
0	atmosphere : typical chinese takeout place .
1	the technical questions and attitude provided was unnecessary , and not to mention rude .
0	would n't go back .
1	( did i mention they tasted like old fryer grease ? )
0	the owner gave that table to a local group who showed up after us .
1	but i suppose i should mention the bowling alley .
0	pancakes were not very good .
1	this additional charge should have been mentioned on the menu .
0	in fact , all of the food is becoming gross .
1	they of course fail to mention this when you sign the paper work .
0	they also did away with the _num_ cent wing night .
1	* the owner failed to mention the pita bread was extra .
0	they need to be cleaning this dirty restaurant .
1	did i mention that it 's slow ?
0	i would n't even give them one star at this location !
1	i guess i forgot to mention street noise on this reservation .
0	wo n't be back .
1	there was no mention of cheese on the menu for the meal .
0	brutal .
1	not to mention the service is terrible .
0	i went back to the counter to find a different manager .
1	none of them mentioned anything to the receptionist about being early .
0	our service was awful as well .
1	did i mention they did n't give us silverware ?
0	the views are not worth it .
1	not to mention the actual quality of the food is mediocre at best .
0	within twenty minutes i started to have symptoms and was sick for two days .
1	not to mention their prices are now comparable to better quality fast food places .
0	but my patience was not even worth it .
1	i 've already mentioned the terrible side dishes .
0	the two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though .
1	i mentioned to the lady why is it so inconsistent with getting meds .
0	when i complained how they failed to honor my reservation mr .
1	when she delivered their food there was not a single mention of the delay .
0	terrible !
1	not to mention the worst service , our server checked on us once .
0	could n't you have just lied to me and told me you were out ?
1	it is also worth mentioning that it is very sloppy work .
0	i did n't even know you could go wrong with chicken marsala !
1	some one else mentioned in this that they do n't really have much crab .
0	tasty , but not real butter pecan .
1	the other couple outside with us mentioned their food was horrible as well .
0	the bill .
1	if i remembered her name , i would definitely mention it in this review .
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	they mentioned i had _num_ % left on my rear brakes .
0	let me start off by saying , i hate the dentist .
1	as other have mentioned , parking is horrible .
0	the servers are rude and slow , and the food is awful .
1	not to mention i have used them in the past with no issues .
0	after waiting for 5-10 minutes , she went back to the sales person .
1	the service , as mentioned several times in yelp , is really slow .
0	inconsistent again .
1	anyways , this dish did n't mention anything about having rosemary in it .
0	i told him that i would rather donate the items to a theater .
1	oh yeah , did i mention poor service .
0	okay , i know what you 're thinking why not just leave ?
1	not to mention my car still looked like shit .
0	heck , go to a grocery store instead .
1	the hostess mentioned earlier that it was due to a lack of servers .
0	it sure is n't the food .
1	as mentioned by others , this road is not in the best shape .
0	decent furniture but wow was i disappointed by the payment process .
1	not to mention it was extremely expensive .
0	my merlot was decent but the calamari was not .
1	just because we mentioned that we would like to get a gm family discount ?
0	nina the manager and ashley the cashier extremely rude .
1	i have mentioned it too many times to the managers .
0	and nobody smiled at anyone else .
1	not to mention manger did n't even come to table .
0	the hallways smell like hot garbage , always .
1	not to mention the ladies running the office are completely incompetent and clueless .
0	we should have requested another waitress at that moment .
1	mason failed to mention it .
0	_num_ woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable .
1	she did not mention it was _num_ order minimum .
0	service was very bad today .
1	hardly worthy of mention here a decade later .
0	it really is a pittsburgh staple but come on ... .
1	not to mention it was not much of a milkshake .
0	first thing they said to us was , we only accept cash .
1	such a terrible campus , not to mention the depressing vibe !
0	so instead of the rice i ordered a baked potato .
1	+ previously mentioned worker was friendly .
0	oily , greasy and bad taste .
1	not to mention he only checked on us once .
0	oh and that 's not the end of it .
1	not to mention you have to pay $ _num_ for wi-fi per device !
0	clearly , i must not love myself or something .
1	not to mention that the food is always mediocre .
0	pretty disappointed in my service here the other day .
1	not to mention _num_ dollars for two sandwiches is insane .
0	could n't have happened to a more deserving group of people .
1	pool is pitiful thats y they dont even mention they have one .
0	if that does n't work , then they try to scare you w/ it .
1	oh and not to mention absolutely disgusting .
0	so painful !
1	horrible experience not to mention the staff is not friendly !
0	it was a tofu , vegetables , and wide rice noodles entree .
1	i agree w/ the other reviewers who mentioned the salsa was good .
0	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
1	not even going to mention the lack of service .
0	possibly the worst pizza i have ever eaten .
1	do n't even want to mention the bathrooms , dirty taps and awful popcorn .
0	this is nothing new .
1	oh and did i mention that there was no baseball game going on ?
0	he obviously did n't care at all .
1	not to mention horrid service .
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	everything else i mentioned was safe for me to eat .
0	this is by far not true in this store .
1	in going back over the lease there is no mention of rent increase rates .
0	the server went out of her way to make us feel uncomfortable .
1	no mention was made of this absurd charge prior to printing .
0	its connection is also very spotty .
1	i mentioned my appointment that i booked online when i walked in .
0	this giant eagle maybe the worst supermarket i 've ever been to .
1	now i know why they never mention prices on the show .
0	because you could n't fit me in within a day i get screwed ?
1	this was never mentioned until the last moment when paying for the dress .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	i should mention here that when we walked in it smelled fishy as well .
0	it was topped with an olive and a mini pickle ... odd .
1	there was not even mention that she had been very difficult .
0	apparently the guy was the owner , but he was beyond rude .
1	staff is rude and unprofessional , not to mention extremely unorganized .
0	owners should know how they are being represented at the front register .
1	oh and did i mention the `` cream '' is $ _num_ .
0	the menu is n't particularly veg friendly , but it 's not too bad .
1	not to mention that original $ _num_ quote ?
0	they do not care about animals , at all .
1	no apology or mention of the wait until i inquired .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	as others have mentioned this is a bad art of town .
