0	i 've already admitted it 's nothing special .
1	great variety of movies to choose from .
0	there were _num_ of us and they brought out three .
1	good clean movie theater .
0	sorry , i guess it 's just not my thing .
1	great place to pick up movies and books and relax .
0	just thought you should know .
1	a good stop after a movie .
0	decor is tasteless and old .
1	as the movie played , the screen had marks and holes on it .
0	no concierge .
1	the problem with that is that i am usually trying to catch a movie .
0	the only thing this place has going for it is the local hype .
1	it 's also great that the movie theatre is nearby !
0	when it was brought back , there was a small hair in it .
1	i was most impressed by their foreign movie section .
0	rather disappointed .
1	grab a bit to eat and go see a movie right next door .
0	_num_ ) they did not return my $ _num_ security deposit .
1	some times the restaurant and movie reviews are n't painful .
0	my daughter and i ordered my pizza slices to eat in and hers togo .
1	it was $ _num_ for two to see a 2pm movie !
0	needless to say , i will never come back here .
1	just try to buy your tickets an hour before the movie shows .
0	very bad foods .
1	after the movie , we enjoyed drinks by the lounge .
0	i could get food faster in a prison cell .
1	staff is awesome and know a thing or two about movies .
0	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
1	it was a perfect ending to our movie night at the regent square theater .
0	after they microwaved it it was barely fit to eat .
1	get out of my chair , miss some of the movie to tell them ?
0	you may even get a nasty look , yikes !
1	it has a movie theater , starbucks , and tons of restaurants .
0	lack concern makes me wonder if we will be back .
1	there is a movie theater , bowling and arcade for the whole family .
0	we ordered spider sushi rolls , hawaiian chicken , and general tso chicken .
1	very clean location , movie was actually good ( saw the family ) .
0	i also came in many times before and the employees never helped me .
1	this would be an awesome theater to see an action packed movie .
0	only complaint was that the cheeses were served too cold to fully appreciate them .
1	ok so i was going to a movie and i really wanted a coffee .
0	unfortunately that burger was `` _num_ 'd '' ... as was her second choice .
1	i just had the worst movie night in my life .
0	we used a coupon from the paper for a _num_ topping _num_ cut sicilian .
1	it 's a relatively inexpensive movie outing for all !
0	so , let 's make that a _num_ stars .
1	good movie theater !
0	how far we have fallen .
1	movie theater is also very clean and comfortable .
0	stomach hurts all night .
1	they do n't really have many options for movies anymore either .
0	i 'm definitely not coming back .
1	went here before hitting a movie .
0	the only thing mixed about this salad was the iceberg and red cabbage .
1	i love coming here to watch my movies !
0	do n't order from this shop if you want a timely delivery .
1	love seeing movies here !
0	$ _num_ for two small hamburgers ?
1	the movie quality was also good .
0	there was no sorry , we 're working on it ... etc .
1	anyway , i made my way to the movie theater , which is upstairs .
0	at that point , she said i 'll grab you water and bread .
1	walked in got a quick soup and salad before a movie .
0	the receptionist can not handle tips at all .
1	walked in to have some quick appetizers before a movie .
0	why were n't their any ice in the glass ?
1	it 's near my place and the movie theater is descent and cheap .
0	the salesperson walked away and proceed to start helping other customers .
1	absolutely love this place , perfect for dinner and a movie .
0	i just ca n't imagine having to deal with this a year .
1	specifically sunday breakfast and movies !
0	the food is mediocre ( at best ) .
1	great with a movie at home .
0	our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted .
1	the movie was also lovely .
0	and i replied , `` no , i 'm sorry .
1	like watching the movie at home !
0	we had a big group but my bill did n't have the tip added .
1	this is our favorite spot to catch a movie .
0	absolutely no problems .
1	they 're awesome and i plan on seeing a movie and eating here tomorrow .
0	so , i 've tried this place _num_ times and that was enough .
1	i 've enjoyed this movie theater every time i 've visited .
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've had .
1	seats were comfortable and movie quality was great .
0	my feet were still rough .
1	i just stick to target , costco and the movie theater on the outside .
0	it 's a gas station , how hard can it be ?
1	played his favorite movie `` cars '' and entertained him the whole time .
0	it 's also really expensive .
1	i feel like i 'm in the 80s at this movie theater .
0	the wings were fine , but nothing special .
1	movies , music , and more .
0	did n't say a word to us .
1	great place to watch movies !
0	i dunno .
1	unfortunately , they did n't have either movie i wanted .
0	did n't know you could mess up chicken lo mein .
1	was out shopping with a friend before going to see a movie .
0	you will leave smelling like cooking oil .
1	we 'll continue to see movies here .
0	but this was pretty bad .
1	absolute best movie rental store i 've been to in the phoenix metro area !
0	i 'm weird like that .
1	good selection of movies but this place could use an upgrade on the seats .
0	this place sucks .
1	this place is real good for feeding your wife before a movie .
0	a very frustrating moment indeed .
1	i have seen a few movies here and the reclining seats make it awesome !
0	i made sure i asked for extra sauce ( just in case ) .
1	they always have a large selection of movies due to the many many screens .
0	garden ridge is not the same ... it has really gone downhill .
1	go to the ray rd location for a good time and a movie afterwards !
0	evening started pretty badly and did not get much better .
1	and the bathroom looks and smells like something out of the movie saw .
0	i ordered the kung pao chicken and crab rangoon .
1	great selection of old & new movies .
0	i gave them all my contacts information to reach me .
1	i myself do n't consider disney an educational movie but everyone has different opinions .
0	did n't get all of the items i ordered and paid for !
1	i could n't even enjoy the movie , i left early .
0	pedicure 's are overpriced and they do basically nothing .
1	one of the best movie theaters .
0	so gross .
1	she could n't tear herself away from the movie to address me .
0	six days and it cost _num_ dollars .
1	i quickly ate and left to make my movie .
0	it 's been a tremendous ordeal to get it fixed .
1	the imax dome theatre is a really cool movie - watching experience .
0	average wait time to be seated and for food to arrive .
1	however , they did n't hold a movie for me that i called for .
0	it was a place where everybody knew my name .
1	i enjoy this movie theatre .
0	the pricing is ridiculous .
1	this is my favorite commercial movie theater .
0	it was horrible .
1	best way to see a movie !
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	the ambiance of the place is that straight from a vintage movie .
0	really disappointing .
1	we enjoyed watching the movie in such a clean theatre !
0	very poor customer service at this location .
1	no one should have to leave a movie to go complain to management .
0	seems he was already looking to replace the manager .
1	tells you how much i go to the movies .
0	ugh .
1	great movies playing .
0	the guy was obviously knowledgable about mattresses but he was rude and condescending .
1	i could n't hear the movie the whole time .
0	_num_ but i rounded down .
1	i 've seen so many good movies here .
0	wise guys is your typical off beat pizza shop .
1	and unlike most movie theaters the place is clean !
0	overall , this made a horrible day worse .
1	i mean , it 's a movie theater .
0	these people are very difficult to do business with .
1	no movie channel on the tv .
0	there are better places in pittsburgh to get a burger and fries .
1	also has a hooters , movie theater and bar in hotel .
0	one of worst patient experiences .
1	they even have $ _num_ movies to rent !
0	tastes like crap but whatever , they serve it .
1	maybe they can lease it out for a zombie movie ?
0	bathroom leaks atleast _num_ times a month .
1	this is a good place to catch a movie .
0	only _num_ stars for location .
1	decent enough movie theater .
0	i had to walk inside to get my check and then pay it .
1	the atmosphere was like i was eating from the movie fried green tomatoes .
0	disappointment .
1	always get customer service and harkins is a great place to catch a movie !
0	the outside was filthy with trash all over .
1	went to the movie early saturday evening , but ate beforehand .
0	i will not visit this restaurant again .
1	while harkins is my favorite movie theater chains .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	all the customers at the movie theater were high and jerks .
0	would n't recommend .
1	it was offensive to be suggested that i see some other movie .
0	i hate writing a less than stellar review of a business .
1	the experience of watching a movie in these theaters is superb .
0	he also suggested me to go to er if not getting better .
1	love the seats ... reclining is the only way to watch a movie !
0	we walked in and waited to be sat .
1	too quote a famous movie `` iceberg ahead !
0	_num_ .
1	one of the best places to watch movies in the area !
0	there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
1	overpriced snacks , and the sound on the movie was awful .
0	the hummus is a little bland .
1	okay so my hidden gem of a movie theatre is no longer a secret .
0	holly on the way to _num_ .
1	this is my favorite movie theater in the south hills area .
0	it was over $ _num_ thrown in the trash .
1	impeccable movie selections .
0	i recently ate a _num_ oz cheeseburger at a local burger joint .
1	bowling and movies for all ages !
0	their menu is way overpriced , with nothing really great on it .
1	the olds , just meant more talking during the movie .
0	turns out this was n't the case .
1	as far as movie theaters , this really is as good as it gets !
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
1	the bar tenders are trying to bring some extra fun by having movie nights !
0	the wedding manager nicole is ok , but nothing special .
1	my fiance 's work gave him two sets of regal movie tickets .
0	_num_ minutes later , nothing .
1	best venue to watch a movie in the valley .
0	terrible place and i would not recommend this facility to anyone .
1	the theater our movie was in was nice though .
0	big league cities need big league transportation .
1	for a movie place , the food is pretty good , even for vegetarians !
0	that 's not a life i 'm comfortable with .
1	movies : the movie theater is very small and dated .
0	then , i went to go hang out with my best friend immediately after .
1	we find that they offer a great array of different movies at great times .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	go here for the costco , the target , the harkins movie theater .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	i eat here a lot before and after the movie .
0	we waited over _num_ hours for the food to be delivered .
1	no staff to check on the theater during the movie .
0	sent the mussels back .
1	this is absolute the worst place to enjoy a movie experience .
0	he gave them a quick polish and took $ _num_ off the price .
1	it is lovely little theater that offers a great movie experience .
0	`` unfortunately we do n't have that information . ''
1	this is my favorite movie theatre in the valley of the sun .
0	after pasta , comes the protein , that includes meatballs , then finally salad .
1	i can assume they were on par with other used movie places .
0	i could understand if they were worn a lot , but they were not .
1	movie was fine , food and service were good .
0	long waits and lack of attentiveness .
1	the best place to watch a movie in town .
0	the spring rolls were nothing special and heavy on something off flavored .
1	regardless of this , the selection of movies online was extremely lacking .
0	the prices are cheap , but it 's not worth it .
1	or , buy a whole bottle of wine to enjoy after the movie .
0	there 's nothing about this specific location that is bad .
1	this theatre has a fun atmosphere to go see a movie at .
0	i suppose , then , i should n't have been surprised by the food .
1	cable side , we watching movies then all sudden screen gets freeze .
0	we check in , we get the wrong room .
1	up to date movies .
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	my wife and i showed up at 5:30 for dinner before a 7:00 movie .
0	worst service i 've ever had !
1	it 's a decent movie theater with good seats .
0	worst customer service .
1	came in on a thursday night before a movie and it was not good .
0	wow are their servers just lazy or dumb ?
1	hidden gem next to the ahwatukee movie theatre .
0	is it worth the $ _num_ cover on fridays ?
1	so why did this store stop carrying music and movies !
0	bottom line , this place sucks .
1	ignored it for the movie while they continued being loud and rude throughout .
0	so long story short , this place is packed .
1	great selection of movies .
0	however they ( waitresses ) were nice and apologetic .
1	if i do go i make it the 1st movie of the day !
0	sad , very , very sad .
1	they are wide enough for you to get maximum comfort throughout any movie .
0	oh , and the grocery store wine was way over priced .
1	great place if you want to take the family to dinner and a movie .
0	i think i 'll find a place that 's a little more ... me .
1	so many great spots to hit up before or after a movie .
0	it was a basic salad , no big deal .
1	we saw a _num_ movie and it was all old folks .
0	that 's not too bad , right ?
1	finally i agreed to go with him before a movie .
0	i ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushrooms .
1	park terrace is one of my top destinations for seeing a great movie .
0	and beware of the prices : what 's on the website is wrong .
1	cool bowling alley , movies , arcade , lots of restaurants .
0	it cost me _num_ to get extensions so my hair looked thicker .
1	entrance is free , movies , special exhibits and drinks are extra .
0	this showmars is under new management and it sucks !
1	a dinner , drink , and a movie all within a hundred yards ?
0	it 's just generic stuff .
1	it is always fun waiting a new movie at harkins .
0	unfortunately yelp asked to provide more details on review .
1	awesome place to go for movies !
0	by now , my companions had finished eating .
1	the imax and movie theater are good for catching a show .
0	so , why only _num_ stars you ask ?
1	thank you so making us movie lovers the best experience ever !
0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	the only thing that was good was the movie hangover _num_ .
0	i guess it does n't have to be .
1	however , the movie selection at this place is lousy .
0	you do not deserve this job and should be fired .
1	harkins has good seats and always has the movies we want to see !
0	tables were dirty .
1	the movie selection is always great !
0	worst elevator system i 've ever come across .
1	so after _num_ minutes of waiting we left because we had movie tickets .
0	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
1	he was right , the movie was fine .
0	if you are under _num_ you must be accompanied by a _num_ year old .
1	they showed us the pool , fitness center , movie room , etc .
0	it was cold and not a good portion .
1	my favorite movie theater of all time !
0	this is not a really cool hang out .
1	other theaters are more than adequate for watching end enjoying any movie .
0	they charge at least $ _num_ more for bridesmaids alteration of a short dress .
1	ton for movies and food but the best thing was my son 's birthday .
0	but this location puts the name to shame .
1	awsome movie , visually stunning .
0	long story short : i ordered delivery .
1	my new favorite place to see a movie .
0	this place is trashy .
1	loved every movie experience i 've had here .
0	i 've never been so horribly treated in my life .
1	my son started coming here as well and loves the hygienists and the movies .
0	from my first bite it was missing something ... flavor .
1	nice people see movies here .
0	looks and taste both scored a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	the movie theatre here is awesome .
0	this place is terrible .
1	will be coming back on our next movie night !
0	do n't waste your time or money .
1	i am so annoyed because now we are going to miss our movie .
0	no time to get additional fabric .
1	i also enjoyed being in the movie theatre .
0	i 've complained numerous times but it never does any good .
1	the butter tasted like movie popcorn butter and it made me feel weird .
0	the biggest disappointment was the veal chop .
1	best place to see a movie .
0	there were no complaints with the chicken , the only star of this evening .
1	this is probably my favorite harkins theatre to catch a movie .
0	_num_ big screen tvs .
1	on top of that we missed our movie and just decided to go home .
0	rice was over cooked .
1	but , the after dinner or before movie treats here are very good .
0	the food is basic and inexpensive , you get what you pay for .
1	they should at least put bike racks near the movie entrance .
0	the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
1	after the movie was over , the lights did n't get turned on .
0	worst experience at a restaurant ever .
1	impact of movie .
0	this mall is dead !
1	looking for a nice stop pre or post dinner or a movie ?
0	he called me to pick him up as i was paying the bill .
1	the movie volume was very low for some reason .
0	none of our food was good .
1	they have a great selection of restaurants there , and that movie theater .
0	they do n't c are .
1	i love this movie theater .
0	i assure you this place is n't it .
1	this is our favorite place to catch a movie !
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	_num_ % the best place to watch a movie .
0	it was a mess .
1	maybe the cleaning staff ordered the movie ?
0	and it smells like a coffee shop should smell - like coffee .
1	save your money ppl and catch a movie .
0	the veggies were old and wilted , and there was no dressing on either .
1	my son and i stopped by china gate after a movie in the galleria .
0	sub-par sushi .
1	that makes the price lower and you can keep the movie longer .
0	we got this hotel room via hotwire at a great price .
1	looks like a movie set - in a good way !
0	zero effort , and a horrible attitude .
1	the theater was clean and the movie played without a hitch !
0	no such luck , since it was prime dining time on saturday night .
1	the movie detail sucks .
0	try panera bread across the street .
1	solid movie theater and closest one to home .
0	overpriced beer and overpriced , bad food .
1	summer movie program is the best around .
0	they just do n't run a very professional operation .
1	they kids got a free movie .
0	was n't worth it for me .
1	the sound system was good and the movie was enjoyable .
0	is n't even that great at the bar .
1	the audio was great and added to make the movie even more enjoyable !
0	i feel like i 'm in line for a bad carnival ride !
1	definitely our preferred spot to see a movie !
0	french fries are pretty standard .
1	i felt like i was in a bad horror movie being followed .
0	wrong .
1	the staff is rude and during the movies the audience is so loud !
0	who serves a drink without ice ?
1	only went here because we were early for our movie that was next door .
0	they then brought out two manicotti dinners which were fine .
1	i know that movie theaters are generally cold , but this was truly freezing .
0	they are soggy and tasteless , maybe the worst i 've ever had .
1	the office is painted colorful and they have kids movies playing while you wait .
0	and the underwhelming food sealed the deal .
1	there were disney movies on the cart with the tv on it .
0	i was totally underwhelmed .
1	great store selections , large food court and movie theatre .
0	personally , i do n't see what is so special about it .
1	best place to rent movies ever .
0	bad move buddy .
1	great place and they know there movies .
0	not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day .
1	unfortunately , the finance manager was right out of a movie .
0	however once opened not so much .
1	furious seven is an amazing movie !
