0	( no where on the contract does it state that ! )
1	none of the food was above _num_ degrees as it should be .
0	it 's definitely gone downhill .
1	none of that changed the food .
0	the sandwiches are n't bad , they just are n't great .
1	i gave one star because i could n't give none .
0	worst service i 've had in a long time .
1	but that 's none of my business !
0	we 'll feed these to our dogs when we get home .
1	none of our drinks were refilled .
0	absolute thieves and liars .
1	none of this took place , of course .
0	i did not get a chance to eat there .
1	none at all after waiting at the counter forever .
0	as far as the menu , i was n't impressed .
1	this place has none of them .
0	we will not be going back .
1	i saw _num_ different people and none of them could help me .
0	but there was no one there .
1	none at all .
0	this is about _num_ minutes after i arrived .
1	but this place has none !
0	overall , tessaro 's fell flat and left me hung out to dry .
1	sadly , my croissant was none of these things .
0	not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby .
1	on top of that , none of the shrimp had been cleaned .
0	i hate that !
1	none of those things actually happened .
0	and the bathrooms were nasty .
1	none of this was provided upon arrival .
0	as tables became available he would seat groups that he knew and/or had reservations .
1	but i 'm none of that .
0	great shrimp cocktail but i wish i had my fish sandwich across the street .
1	none of us ordered sushi .
0	slow service .
1	canned email for sure , but a response none the less .
0	service was extremely poor and bar service was also extremely poor .
1	huge line at mad mex on friday night , none here .
0	she had zero personality .
1	none of us ate more than 1/2 our bowls .
0	because there regular food is mall grade at best .
1	none of the restaurants i have experienced do it this way .
0	it then took another _num_ minutes to get wine glasses .
1	all tables are complaining , none of us would consider to come back .
0	i have no clue what they gave me .
1	none of the workers seem like they want to be surrounded by customers .
0	the menu said nothing about that , so i had no idea .
1	the food from this place did none of those things .
0	overall , this joint was not that great .
1	like none at all .
0	the waiter was not nice at all !
1	i went with authentic mexican friends and none were impressed by the food .
0	not measured correctly - very angry !
1	none of this sort of thing happened at all at this store .
0	the toppings on my salad were barely there .
1	none of the good servers that use to be there are there any longer .
0	he was told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppies and pepsi .
1	none of my four rescue dogs will ever be stepping into this facility again .
0	then , my brother got the prosciutto and arugula pizza .
1	- none of the food was super awesome .
0	waiter was not thrilled to be at work on a wednesday at 5pm .
1	so i guess none of it was good .
0	there are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money .
1	there was none left in that style that i liked .
0	this was by far the worst hotel experience i 've ever had .
1	none of us even like onions .
0	ingredients were n't fresh and the gyro was heavy on the spices .
1	i then start looking for a menu and there is none to be found .
0	a regular ice cream cone was $ _num_ .
1	none of that was in the conversation .
0	we just received the worst service ever i will never come back .
1	he said none of those repairs were needed at all .
0	i 'm sure it is in the liquor license application .
1	in fact most of it had none unless you add your own .
0	unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand .
1	and if you use none of these , tough crap .
0	absolutely nothing arrived in a timely manner .
1	none of this was the fault of the waitress .
0	what a complete waste of time .
1	i guess some refund is better than none .
0	the meat was n't special .
1	none of it was bad but it was all pretty average .
0	not because of the food but the attitude of those cashiers .
1	none of this is true .
0	to date the store has done nothing to replace the defective furniture .
1	none of the changes are good and i 'll keep it brief .
0	waitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order desserts .
1	options and none other .
0	do n't miss the _num_ pound tub of msg as you walk in .
1	none of the food was anything to write home about .
0	needless to say we left , and we will not be going back .
1	none of the regulars were there .
0	potato pancakes taste like they had vinegar in them .
1	none of us can figure out why they do this ?
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	( none of them were `` cheap . '' )
0	very disappointing and frustrating .
1	none of them were fall off the bone good .
0	each visit was more bizarre than the time before .
1	none of the salads are included with the entrees .
0	there is much better mexican food and drink in the 'burgh .
1	none in the bathroom !
0	i ordered the turkey blt with lemon aioli and arugula salad .
1	none of us will be back .
0	i 'm still trying to figure out how one manages to burn noodles .
1	thankfully , none of my stuff was missing .
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	none of this fusion crap .
0	no longer going to try .
1	needless to say none of us wanted to order another round of drinks .
0	there is no question that it has everything you could want .
1	none were to be found !
0	the wonton soup was horrible .
1	sorry , i have had many deep dish and none were raw .
0	urban spoon rated _num_ % favorite .
1	none of the food i saw looked appetizing .
0	could have being very good but it was not .
1	i saw plenty of associates yet none of them even said hello .
0	i called restaurant.com for a refund , and told them what he said .
1	none of those items stood out and no one said they were impressed .
0	but i quickly learned my lesson .
1	i came away with none of it .
0	not to mention they do n't fill your drink !
1	they suggested i move rooms but none would be quiet ?
0	not the best dinner they have eaten .
1	none to be had here !
0	disgusting is putting it lightly .
1	none of the nurses could draw blood on my baby .
0	price : tasty is cheap .
1	none of these charges were mentioned at all !
0	on a scale of bad to good , it was kind of meh .
1	that and none of the food really had any flavor to speak of .
0	i really could n't believe this .
1	none of them actually helped .
0	terrible !
1	this is the worst dry cleaner i have ever gone to , bar none .
0	pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best .
1	we will never order from papa john 's again , none of them .
0	it 's hit or miss with this place , but mostly a miss .
1	none of that .
0	what was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip .
1	none of the items were cooked properly .
0	she could n't tear herself away from the movie to address me .
1	and none of the main entrees were under $ _num_ .
0	our service was awful as well .
1	none of these things were solved by the apartment complex .
0	that might make it a little better .
1	asked for extra sweet and sour to which we got none at all .
0	my recommendation would be to not buy suits , shirts or shoes here .
1	none of the containers were full .
0	so frustrated .
1	none of these people know what the fuck they are doing .
0	i will never go back to this place , to many other options uptown .
1	none of the employees are helpful nor friendly .
0	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
1	none of the food looked very fresh and it was pretty greasy .
0	he also made a mistake that required fixing after the fact .
1	worst spaghetti and meatballs ever , bar none .
0	normally i hate salads in places like this .
1	none have ever been great .
0	i have eaten here several times & always find it disappointing .
1	none of the pastas had any flavor .
0	burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad .
1	none of which sadly , would ever come true .
0	she disappeared for about _num_ minutes before returning .
1	surprisingly , none of it was really that good .
0	i also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell !
1	none of these _num_ parents will ever return .
0	i went down on my lunch break for a quick mani .
1	several saw me and passed by yet none stopped to ask about my order .
0	our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted .
1	we go through them and none of them have the sauces we ordered !
0	do n't get me wrong , i wanted to like this place .
1	pro : none ... .
0	suggestions , hmm not entirely sure since nothing i ate here impressed me much .
1	sad thing is none of us are over weight .
0	i hate this place .
1	they all looked at me , none greeted or walked toward me .
0	in a bad frame of mind , i tried my food .
1	slim and none .
0	the prices are downright insulting .
1	none were good .
0	really disappointed !
1	none of us even finished half the portion .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in ages .
1	we all ordered different things and none of us could eat our meals .
0	the flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland .
1	needless to say , none of us finished our food .
0	we love japanese steak houses and this was our least favorite meal in pittsburgh .
1	and none of it was good .
0	_num_ .
1	plenty of available tables but none the less , was asked to sit there .
0	what will be done with the empty space that is the question ?
1	none of which was discounted or taken off the bill .
0	we called again and he said that they could n't find our car keys .
1	none in the sand boxes either .
0	and while you 're eating too ... it 's so disgusting .
1	none would make eye contact or acknowledge my presence .
0	if not , stay away .
1	the food was good and plentiful , none of us could finish our meal !
0	needless to say i refused to pay for them .
1	then they marked my front bumper as having damage where there is none !
0	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
1	none of them have training in this type of education .
0	horrible experience more than once .
1	i was there for _num_ minutes and none of it was ever cleaned up .
0	would n't come here again .
1	no damage and none noted on exit lease .
0	the cashiers , pharmacy , and customer service manager were so rude and stupid .
1	let me just say , none of us will be back .
0	a good family dollar this is not !
1	none was met .
0	poor food poor excuses and apparently poor ownership .
1	none of these to the best of my knowledge exist on my vehicle .
0	the broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked .
1	i 've had plenty of pepperoni pizzas and none were ever this greasy .
0	this was such a sour experience .
1	also none of the other staff members asked if i needed help .
0	worst customer service and business model i have ever seen .
1	none of the other employees could even find him .
0	we ordered spider sushi rolls , hawaiian chicken , and general tso chicken .
1	looking over the menu , i noticed the kids menu was slim to none .
0	i was pretty disappointed by this experience .
1	none of it was good .
0	i am able to help move , i just could n't do it alone .
1	they are the worst pharmacy i 've ever been to , bar none !
0	that is a lot for a less than adequate sandwhich .
1	and we did n't tip room service because there was none .
0	at that point , she said i 'll grab you water and bread .
1	none have been able to provide lasting solutions .
0	in a very rude voice .
1	and for the tortillas , there was none in the soup .
0	staff definitely are really rude .
1	why have so many employees if none of them can help you ?
0	my husband has eaten there before and was sorely disappointed as well .
1	none of the mechanics at magic auto are certified .
0	no thanks .
1	none of that stalls have sanitary pads for the toilet seats either .
0	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
1	he was very weird -- asked personal questions that were none of his business .
0	purchased two suits and other items for my son , spending over $ _num_ .
1	but none of the classes were crowded .
0	i 've visited this store _num_ times .
1	none of the three ever tried to assist .
0	the next time i returned , i made an appointment with a different stylist .
1	made the reservation for a smoking room and then told that there none available .
0	other times , it does n't seem so busy .
1	none of it was the fault of the staff at brake masters .
0	when my dish comes out , it 's literally just steamed veggies and rice .
1	none ... not even a hint of green chile flavor .
0	wow , not so much .
1	i spent _num_ minutes doing that and none had an economy car .
0	this pizza hut is not a top choice , but ok in a pinch .
1	none of the dryers are ever fixed .
0	would n't recommend .
1	none of the employees seem as if they actually enjoy working there .
0	crab cakes were awful .
1	and the food at macayo 's is none of those .
0	unfortunately that burger was `` _num_ 'd '' ... as was her second choice .
1	she kept none of the length .
0	i ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker .
1	a knife might have been a nice to have , but none was offered .
0	he needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made .
1	they had to bring me two plates but none of them was great .
0	i would give our experience zero stars .
1	none of these available .
0	nothing was comped and no manager was available .
1	from here , none if my flights have ever left on time .
0	sticky floors , bad smell , just general lack of housekeeping .
1	sadly , there are none .
0	please do not patronize this business .
1	none of them charge d for breakfast .
0	from the bakery , you walk along a long meat wall .
1	i tasted none of the mayo at all .
0	things quickly got off to a bad start .
1	_num_ minutes go by and none of the couples before us have been seated .
0	also , do not use multiple credit cards .
1	none of them would do it .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get someone to take the bill .
1	none of the doctors would listen to me .
0	overall not impressed .
1	i got none of that .
0	and _num_ % of the time your order is wrong .
1	none of my nails were the same shape .
0	gross , gross , gross .
1	none of the `` speedy '' lanes were open .
0	the sauce was disappointing .
1	but when the bill came there was none of that .
0	went to easter brunch , was served some coffee from a can .
1	no apologies , no excuses , none what so ever for the timing .
0	do n't waste your time !
1	i saw none of this going on .
0	i will never spend money here again !
1	she said no , none of the dressings have oregano .
0	stayed at the hotel and booked two massages .
1	none of them seem to be on the same page about every thing .
0	never again will i go to this location .
1	none of the previous family owners or staff were there .
0	it was just inedible .
1	none of the machines seemed to work properly at all .
0	its ridiculous and the policy needs to be changed asap .
1	you 'll get none of that nonsense at this fry 's .
0	horrible service .
1	none of my calls were returned .
0	i left them as i was not in a rush .
1	none of our food was good .
0	not really .
1	none in baskets in display case just on a cart .
0	the barber could not even cut a straight fade .
1	two stars for service and cleanliness alone , none for food .
0	but i 'm not liking the effect i 'm getting right now .
1	none of the apps are gf .
0	this is not a really cool hang out .
1	none of the parts were awesome and together they were just ok .
0	it was returned with a hole in back of suit jacket .
1	we had multiple items from the menu , and none of it was good .
0	i have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times .
1	none of these tasted good , tom yum soup was kinda disgusting .
0	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
1	there is none . ''
0	this is a neighborhood denny 's with a bar .
1	it bothered me but none of my friends seemed to notice .
0	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
1	i requested to speak with a manager but none was available .
0	their market square location worse .
1	none offered .
0	thus , it makes me sad to write a negative review .
1	none of the toys had been taken out of the bag either .
0	people are rude there as well .
1	none were ready .
0	and they got my order wrong .
1	there is none .
0	i am so disappointed .
1	it 's none of your business and quite rude .
0	this place is just not what it used to be .
1	none of them seemed used to being handled .
0	very disappointed in our delivery order this evening .
1	if yelp would allow none or negative stars , this restaurant would get it .
0	it looks like they do n't vacuum very often .
1	it seems that none of the employees want to be there .
0	the store is extremely pricey and nothing really interested us .
1	none of this is unique to this visit .
0	i sent it back - showed the gal my burned pastrami sandwich .
1	that 's none of her business .
0	( the hoagie bun was better than average . )
1	it 's just a damn fitting and none of your business .
0	just very greasy , very salty , poor excuse for chinese takeout .
1	none of them charged their guest internet fee .
0	no such luck , since it was prime dining time on saturday night .
1	none of the techs were in the least bit friendly or personable .
0	it 's pretty much a crap shoot .
1	there was none .
0	poor customer service .
1	none are to pleased and now are leaving .
0	the fries were generic .
1	none were busy .
0	i do n't think i 'm being harsh .
1	there was no seasoning , or none noticeable .
0	and you just lost all of our business .
1	they did none of the above .
0	the food was not prepared well .
1	none not the sauce or the crust .
0	this place is the worst ever .
1	none of our pho had side vegetables .
0	this was the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	none of the workers care .
0	overall the food , service , and atmosphere deserve _num_ star .
1	i gave one star because you ca n't give none !
0	there was absolutely no hot water for my shower .
1	free bread : none .
0	somewhat disappointed would best be the title for my review .
1	there 's just none of the red lobster feels .
0	went to this store today and it was worse than usual .
1	none of the veggies had been dressed or seasoned .
0	do n't order from this shop if you want a timely delivery .
1	my car needed none of the repairs i 'd been quoted on .
0	i 'm not a hair stylist .
1	this was none of the above .
0	the place was pretty dead and we were seated right away .
1	sadly , none of that is true now .
0	the bread was cheap and tasteless .
1	the waitress was very nice and polite so none of this was her fault .
0	not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience .
1	none of the screens fit properly .
0	no worries probably better for me .
1	none of them mentioned anything to the receptionist about being early .
0	now , after picking up my dress we realized they ordered the wrong size !
1	none of us had started the new beers .
0	we quickly found out why .
1	when i returned to place where i left my cart , there was none .
0	not to mention , our order was wrong !
1	bar food none too exceptional .
0	an average price , i 'm ok with that .
1	none of the social media pages reflect this .
0	the only bright spot was the waitress .
1	unfortunately , none of this matters because i got food poisoning .
0	gave it _num_ stars cause the wait staff was nice .
1	none of this was suggested at the hospital .
0	we 've had too many problems to list all of them .
1	none of them responded to me .
