0	_num_ .
1	go early , like _num_ minutes before they open and you will see why .
0	model cleaners failed to deliver _num_ shirts and _num_ suits in june .
1	the building does n't even open til 8am .
0	- kind of dead on a monday night with 3/4 of the place empty .
1	stopped by last night shortly after opening .
0	a little pricey but whatever .
1	yelp says it opens at 9am .
0	no quick and easy app or beers on the house .
1	and when they do open there is only one person to do everything .
0	i waited _num_ minutes while being ignored by the receptionists .
1	is this place still open ?
0	well ok i guess .
1	we arrived shortly after opening on january _num_ , _num_ .
0	all things told , though , i would spend my money elsewhere .
1	i had , but nevertheless she should n't have just opened the door .
0	maybe the waitress was having a bad day .
1	asked for napkins and he opened the window and literally threw them at me .
0	when i checked in , the front desk staff was missing .
1	our room smelled like chemical and the windows ca n't be opened .
0	dairy queen only serves two flavors of ice cream so this is fairly unacceptable .
1	i checked out , got home _num_ minutes later and opened the box .
0	i really could n't believe this .
1	i waited _num_ minutes and no one ever showed up to open the shop .
0	pity .
1	the server then proceeds to open the bottle and pour full glasses !
0	my steak hoagie was actually two mini sandwiches .
1	we proceed to wait another _num_ minutes until a _num_ top opened up .
0	unfortunately , that did n't happen .
1	* door handle broken , had to open door with shoulder .
0	bad mistake .
1	what i love about this place is that it opens late .
0	needless to say , will be my last time going there .
1	after checking in , i opened the blinds .
0	my boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle .
1	once i got home i opened the bag to eat my food .
0	the steak was supposed to be medium ; instead it came well done .
1	wish they would have kept the old one open up on sunset .
0	there were five very small shrimp on the plate .
1	doors that are crooked and can barely open .
0	the flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland .
1	only came here because the other restaurants did n't open this early .
0	but then again he knows everything is crap in his store .
1	when i open my bag , there is only half a sandwich ?
0	my husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked .
1	do n't know how we keep the doors open here .
0	bottom line is poor excuses for terrible work .
1	when i opened the bag the wings were all overcooked and dried out .
0	the employees are nice but i get the sense it 's managed terribly .
1	i should 've opened the trays before paying .
0	he said the stir fry was so-so .
1	when changing a radiator hose on my own , i opened my radiator .
0	but the bed was a big disappointment .
1	i have not opened them yet .
0	either way , i am not going back to find out .
1	i ate here when it opened , a and again _num_ years later .
0	the lady at the front desk is absolutely rude rude rude rude .
1	they do n't open at _num_ even though yelp and their doors state that .
0	we feel like our money was wasted .
1	there are never enough registers open .
0	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
1	when i asked him the same question before they had opened .
0	i 'm not a fan of that .
1	five people could n't see an opened table clearly behind them ?
0	then i tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	the bathroom door would n't open because it hit the toilet .
0	i do n't know how this place has stayed in business for so long .
1	why are they not open on a saturday to accommodate people ?
0	please ... take your hard earned money elsewhere .
1	better not to open than serve a bad meal with a bad dining experience .
0	the bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion .
1	they never were opened and nothing was applied to the furniture .
0	the waitress who seemed to be rushed did not offer any recommendations .
1	then the same manager opened up the gates on the windows and walked away .
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	11:00 turns and the gate does n't open .
0	but this was pretty bad .
1	it was never opened .
0	they probably knew we would n't have the money for a lawyer .
1	unfortunately , a table opened up .
0	and the veal was dry .
1	casa don juan just opened and i will be trying them next .
0	the chili soup was n't hot .
1	while waiting , i saw them opening giant cans of pre-made pizza sauce .
0	mine was not very cold and his pour was light .
1	it actually opened another room .
0	she was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong .
1	if you open carry make sure to leave it in your car .
0	as it is right now , do not patronize this business .
1	lost a star because they opened the garage door .
0	the mashed potatoes were great , everyone agreed on that .
1	i wish he would have stayed a second when i opened my food .
0	in fact , it was awful .
1	stopped by when they first opened and was n't very impressed .
0	so disappointing ... .
1	we all left because no body showed to open store !
0	unless you sit at the bar , the service is poor .
1	and that 's unacceptable for a place that is opened 24/7 .
0	ca n't beat it .
1	long lines and only a few check-out counters open .
0	not so great ?
1	not true , they open at _num_ .
0	i was served over cooked eggs with raw bacon and the biscuits were stale .
1	when i opened the door the stench was overpowering .
0	we were disappointed .
1	it 's not the same quality as it was when it opened .
0	they did not explain this to me when i register .
1	it was so bad that it literally fell apart when opening up my bag .
0	the owner has a complete disregard for customers and the customer experience .
1	ca n't wait for the new starbucks to open in this area .
0	just go elsewhere .
1	however once opened not so much .
0	gross .
1	ca n't open on time ?
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	apparently wendy 's does n't open until 10am .
0	the italian and mushroom steak hoagies were n't that great .
1	web site says store opens at _num_ am .
0	pros : it 's like living in an apt .
1	has a nice pool snack shack - but this was not opened .
0	the parlor looked nothing like the pictures on this website .
1	my oldest son just went in to open a student account .
0	the dining room breakfast was served in was tacky and the coffee awful .
1	the bathroom light was broken and the closet door did not open and close .
0	that 's not too bad , right ?
1	they opened it and all of a sudden it was _num_ degrees .
0	he said , `` just grab your registration and come on in . ''
1	before we can open our mouth to remedy this he is gone .
0	this is not giant eagle !
1	i opened everything up and it was cold .
0	it 'll never dry !
1	the hours say that this store opens at 7:30 .
0	it was that bad .
1	a local dive that opened in _num_ .
0	this was the worst service and experience i have ever received !
1	opening windows will only make it worse , so no escape .
0	the bar food is typical .
1	i read online that it opened at 11am , wrong .
0	i informed him i had about _num_ minutes .
1	was there sunday afternoon and they only had _num_ registers open .
0	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
1	_num_ ) fix the windows so guests can open them .
0	( oh , heck no ! )
1	to make it worse , they are supposed to open at _num_ .
0	bartender came back quickly with what looked like watered down lemonade .
1	first off the doors to the show did n't open until _num_ pm .
0	the wedding soup was less than fair .
1	my bridesmaids and friends were opening champagne and pouring drinks for our guests .
0	extremely long lines , and poorly trained staff .
1	is n't that why you opened your doors ?
0	no fish .
1	he opened the window back up , gave me my card and our order .
0	i then turned around and walked out .
1	( open all weekend so why so long ) .
0	i got a huge hot pepper that burnt the crap out of my lip .
1	wish i had never opened an account here .
0	no hi , no thank you , no have a nice day .
1	i opened closet door and it smelled of sewer .
0	`` ill tell the waitress . ''
1	my dad actually had to open one of the bottles because she was unable .
0	this was n't the cleanest place .
1	call another cashier to open , if u have another one !
0	6am is too early for her .
1	i opened another cabinet and there was a stain inside .
0	and their beer selection sucks .
1	a lot out of stock , and what was in stock was previously opened .
0	do not waste your money .
1	it 's not been updated or cleaned since the casino was opened .
0	obviously she hates her job , then get another one !
1	the woman just opens a corona ( regular ) and does n't say anything .
0	the fish sandwich arrived nearly _num_ minutes before the rest of our meals .
1	went there first thing when they opened to avoid a lunch rush .
0	wrong !
1	never even opened the menus .
0	if i could give dr. murphy less than _num_ star , i absolutely would .
1	not open for lunch and the waitstaff would rather be doing something else .
0	ordered two personal size pizzas , spicy fries , fried zucchini & onion rings .
1	a few of those times the package had already been opened .
0	why every time i come in here , it 's really hot ?
1	i dropped off my dog first thing in the morning when they opened .
0	the food was decently made and the environment was welcoming .
1	it took twenty seconds for him to open my locked door .
0	ick !
1	wings arrived cold , spaghetti tasted like they opened a can of tomato paste .
0	the worst part of it all .
1	on the station casino app , it says that it opens at 8:00 am .
0	it looked pretty awful like a hard , dry , high school cafeteria lunch .
1	will not come back here especially since oregano opened down the road .
0	they threw some tomatoes on it .
1	i on the other hand was given keys that did not open my room .
0	my advice , avoid this place .
1	i have n't been inside this casino since it opened until now .
0	the parking lot is miserable .
1	they did n't want to process the return even thought item was never opened .
0	answer : pretty bad !
1	ugh , my coworker spread open the spinach leaf .
0	alot of money for very poor care .
1	they opened the doors and i was the 2nd in line to get paperwork .
0	the restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of walnut street .
1	as far as i know they are no longer open at this location .
0	i woke up with bed bug bites all over my body !
1	so , i open the check and now there 's a $ _num_ discount .
0	our waitress carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude .
1	finally ... a second register opens up .
0	great location but low on amenities .
1	i had to wash my hands just from opening the bag .
0	sadly , however , they did not .
1	only one stylist was there as they had only opened an hour before .
0	i ca n't begin to express my disappointment in your establishment .
1	it 's sad to me that someone would open a coffee shop like this .
0	rice is a little plain but i just add some soy sauce .
1	always seems to have _num_ employees but only _num_ windows open .
0	its like the place tries too hard .
1	i was afraid to open the bag but i was brave .
0	our food was just average , nothing special .
1	i opened it up and the $ _num_ was gone .
0	this place is n't very good .
1	i opened my sandwich to find it made incorrectly , yet again .
0	i am standing waiting for our table _num_ minutes past our time .
1	only two check outs open on sundays ; with long lines in each .
0	you could leave a message , but they 'll never get back to you .
1	waitress walked away two times while opening our bottle of wine .
0	however , my father and i shared the porterhouse for two .
1	made a big mistake by opening a simple checking account here .
0	disgusting food .
1	every other box i looked at has already been opened ! ''
0	just a poorly laid out store which is showing it 's age .
1	no wonder she is opening another store in san diego ha !
0	friends warned me not to eat here .
1	fry 's opens back up at 4pm as well .
0	not worth it at all .
1	there is no reason to open my hood during a tire transaction .
0	purchased two suits and other items for my son , spending over $ _num_ .
1	opened the boxes and only found one ketchup no ranch .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	not even open on saturday mornings ?
0	i really was sold at one point .
1	that too opening an indian restaurant and not knowing about the culture .
0	waitress was nice but it 's obvious that this place is run poorly .
1	this place would n't make it through opening weekend .
0	not a good start .
1	as soon as i opened the door , i noticed a musty smell .
0	worse than cans .
1	we opened the door , looked in , and walked out .
0	i used to love this place , but the service is horrible now .
1	never open when you need it , unreliable availability with his products .
0	most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless .
1	there is never any tables open if you want to use the wifi .
0	yes , just like a bad date , we were done in _num_ minutes .
1	went to the bar around _num_ and was n't opened .
0	absolutely horrible customer service and product being sold to the public .
1	there were only four lines open for hundreds of people .
0	ordered _num_ cuts to eat in and _num_ and a hoagie to go ... .
1	i see other employees walking around but none come to open a new line .
0	not cool .
1	my husband knocked , proceeded to open the door .
0	$ _num_ down the drain .
1	counted _num_ people in line for self check no registers open .
0	it 's frustrating because they also do n't particularly need to work hard .
1	i walked in when the store opened .
0	unfortunately , the worst part of my meal were the steaks .
1	as the manager approached i opened the tank for her to see .
0	if you are under _num_ you must be accompanied by a _num_ year old .
1	then i try to open my hood and the hood cable is broken .
0	but the service is horrible .
1	the elevator doors would open on the wrong floor all the time .
0	crappy 's is more like it ... sorry i could not resist !
1	they only have _num_ registers open with a bunch of employees standing around .
0	and the beer menu was mediocre , at best .
1	we arrived on saturday at 11:30 am , _num_ minutes after they opened .
0	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
1	google says it opens at 10am .
0	i have never been treated so badly as a consumer .
1	never do they have enough registers open .
0	service was ok , birthday dessert was a bowl of whipped cream .
1	remember , i was here for lunch and they just opened .
0	he just said `` sorry man '' and did n't offer any solutions .
1	the place looked as though they had n't cleaned it since they opened .
0	they did n't remake anything .
1	why would you open the door when it 's locked with the bolt .
0	on top of that he is very rude and has no customer service skills .
1	does n't open early enough ... coffee shop for those without real jobs .
0	rode my bike out to meet my old man .
1	when i went in , the door was stuck and would n't open .
0	not a table in the bar area had been cleaned in that period .
1	i opened a platinum savings account with wells fargo at this branch .
0	really , are they kidding serving store bought salsa ?
1	should n't the outside order window be opened .
0	way too much pepper or spices , and i could hardly taste the cheese .
1	he arrived and was also unable to open the door .
0	do n't expect great performances here , expect a talked up mediocre performance .
1	( no , really ) i have gone to this theater since it opened .
0	and thus my rating of meh .
1	she opened the window and gave us the missing food .
0	very bland and it actually tasted baked not grilled .
1	it started off good when it first opened about _num_ years ago .
0	avoid this place even if free .
1	they opened _num_ minutes late , leaving several people waiting outside .
0	not a fan of the service .
1	i will rather wait until mr. tofu opens on weekdays .
0	so disappointed !
1	but at least it opens _num_ hours !
0	no `` thank you '' or `` have a good day '' .
1	there are a very few table , some of it were not even open .
0	but i still cant get over the fact there closed on mondays .
1	she did not greet me as i opened the door .
0	they may also want to schedule a couple more servers on a saturday night .
1	it was never used or opened and i had the receipt as well .
0	i called restaurant.com for a refund , and told them what he said .
1	it was a few minutes after opening and the shop was empty .
0	probably give it another shot but not my first choice considering the prices .
1	only thing keeping the doors open is the army base across the street .
0	will not be returning .
1	once we get home we open the box and immediately we 're disgusted .
0	service is not friendly .
1	product not opened or used .
0	we left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food .
1	i opened it just to put on my pasta because it had no flavor .
0	not my scene .
1	there were at least _num_ tables open .
0	terrible !
1	we waited _num_ minutes before someone came with the keys to open that door .
0	wo n't visit again .
1	ca n't wait until sliders opens for the season !
0	why would you even try to seat us like that ?
1	but that was only because one of their main rooms were opened .
0	the manager nowhere to be seen .
1	well then , nothing , my hood would not open .
0	i do n't know how this keeps happening .
1	i could n't believe my eyes when i opened the _num_ piece box .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
1	the hours clearly say they open at nine .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	then he opens up my blood work papers and immediately gets quiet .
0	horrible , horrible company .
1	they 're not opened at 6am .
0	one week later it was empty again .
1	granted , the place had n't just opened , it was after _num_ .
0	get over yourselves people .
1	and my son did n't even get to open his presents !
0	this experience was not worth the beautiful dresses .
1	instead he was busy trying to open the cash register .
0	our server was friendly , but not terribly attentive .
1	when it opened in _num_ it changed the game for local casinos .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	but seriously , when there 's nothing even open ?
0	imho that 's ridiculous .
1	i open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed .
0	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
1	not a lot of nail salons open on sunday here .
0	worse customer service ever .
1	it opens at _num_ .
0	i ca n't even begin to tell you how they treated me !
1	not only about when they close , but when they open .
0	total waste of $ _num_ bucks .
1	murphy 's was the only place with their kitchen open after 10pm .
0	booked an appointment , and they fixed the issue .
1	they were trying to get me to open another account with them .
0	bad !
1	to make things worse , he decided to open up a restaurant .
0	not a good idea .
1	then opened the salad and a cockroach ran out of the box .
0	breeze and the cat was tested and was negative .
1	looked online and saw it opens at _num_ am on weekdays .
0	there were some pieces which could not be cut by my knife .
1	do you not know how to open a fence ?
0	it did n't taste bad by any means , but not restaurant quality .
1	not a bad store , but they do n't open until 8am .
0	some of the salads are alright , but its just not good food .
1	when i opened an account here , this fee did n't exist .
0	the truffles had two salted , one of which was milk chocolate .
1	went here for lunch and opened the place up at 11am .
0	they are taken over by a very large mega restaurant chain corporation .
1	i waited for _num_ minutes and they never opened .
0	for a downtown attempt at luxury this is bad .
1	seriously , you ca n't clean before you open ?
0	neither of us were impressed .
1	he then opens my door and proceeds to tell me off !
0	sit back down and i 'll take your order . ''
1	he left once he tried to open the door and it was locked .
0	my other dining companion had the osso bucco which was dry and stringy .
1	never enough registers open .
0	overall , let me say that the restaurant is becoming dated .
1	small dark not very opening or friendly place .
0	so after several more wrong turns we finally get home .
1	the window opened again i was handed my bag once again window just shut .
0	we tried bbq , garlic parmesan and spicy .
1	the bathroom opens to the dining area , so that made it seem worse .
0	entire place smells like wet dog .
1	closet doors do n't open correctly the bathroom has mold .
0	as others have said you never know what kind of service you will get .
1	they know they sell out before _num_ and they only open at _num_ !
0	i only stopped because i needed ta repair that day and they were close .
1	i have been wanting to return to outback since the new henderson location opened .
0	there 's nothing really wrong with it .
1	i stood out there a couple of minutes before they open the door .
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	she opened the register after about _num_ minutes of writing something down .
0	the service was awful .
1	it was hard to open the package and the packaging was hot !
