0	it was dry .
1	it was a clean , organized and i was nicely greeted by kim .
0	they may also want to schedule a couple more servers on a saturday night .
1	this store was n't as clean and organized as others .
0	they should be serving free meals to anyone they stick at that table .
1	the store is dirty and u organized .
0	do n't get married here .
1	the store looked amazingly clean and well organized .
0	in philly , they 'd be out of business in a heartbeat .
1	nicely organized .
0	second sign i chose to ignore .
1	the restaurant is small itself , but its kept clean and organized .
0	i have been here a couple of times and it does n't change .
1	lee , our dj , was incredibly organized and professional .
0	no steak knife , no mashed potatoes , no asparagus as ordered .
1	nice , organized store with a great selection .
0	today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality .
1	everything is clean and organized .
0	long story short , we passed on dessert .
1	what also stands out about this place is that they are very organized .
0	honestly , it looked like someone had already starting eating this .
1	it 's a nice location and the store is always organized and clean .
0	it varies bus by bus , time of day , and more .
1	this place really need to be more organized .
0	the service was awful .
1	geez ... get organized .
0	it was around 11:30 and the restaurant was mostly empty .
1	it is very clean , organized and quick which is important for lunchtime .
0	i ca n't believe all the high reviews .
1	organized well for a nail supply store .
0	just like the butter and jelly packets sitting in the booth at denny 's .
1	good selection , well organized , friendly staff !
0	our server was obviously having a bad night .
1	well organized .
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	this place was very clean and organized .
0	she then went to get our drinks .
1	the staff was not organized !
0	food is just ok , grease upon grease .
1	everything was clean and organized .
0	assistant manager says he had no way to contact delivery people for assistance .
1	the establishment is well organized , and i will most likely come back .
0	the food ranges from mediocre to bland .
1	everything is so well organized , and it is n't too cluttered .
0	hate the place !
1	it 's so well organized here and the employees are super friendly .
0	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
1	the store was super clean and organized .
0	was trying to find a rating lower than _num_ star but could n't .
1	pretty well organized despite all the people .
0	waited to be seated for _num_ minutes , no one greeted us .
1	the office is clean , organized and friendly .
0	i 've got to ask myself why do i keep doing this .
1	not very organized .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	the office staff led by joe is attentive , organized and friendly .
0	i had to pay them to waste my time and do nothing !
1	it was organized and i found quite a few things i was looking for .
0	it 's clear that they do not care at all .
1	they were fast , professional , organized and most importantly did an outstanding job .
0	she had to check with kitchen several times to answer our questions .
1	everything is so clean and organized .
0	i did not find the venue pleasant .
1	they were not organized .
0	my son 's macaroni and cheese was salty and cold .
1	the store itself is not clean or organized well either .
0	the bathrooms were atrocious .
1	the store is very clean and organized !
0	i called & talked to manger as soon as i saw the bites .
1	nothing is organized .
0	just all around terrible .
1	the office is very clean , organized and nicely decorated .
0	this would easy go for $ _num_ at other places during lunch .
1	office is clean and organized .
0	the air did not function properly .
1	the presentation was organized and packed super nearly .
0	however , would n't say this is very authentic thai food .
1	the location is easy to find , well organized and clean .
0	skip it !
1	very clean and organized .
0	disgusting food .
1	the store is always organized so i can shop with ease .
0	then the ultimate insult : _num_ kids came in selling candy bars .
1	it was big and appeared organized but the customer service was the horrible .
0	she served us our drinks then immediately left for another table .
1	always clean , organized and great selection .
0	unless you sit at the bar , the service is poor .
1	also was well organized and clean !
0	the restaurant has the diner feel , no doubt .
1	very clean , well stocked and organized .
0	better luck next time .
1	it 's never clean and poorly organized .
0	decided to give them another chance and was disappointed .
1	the facility is clean and organized and they do really good work .
0	completely worthless wifi .
1	dirty , not organized , bad & slow service .
0	every single time i go through the drive-thru i do n't get a straw .
1	timely , organized , and polite .
0	waitress was ok in attitude .
1	clean and organized , will come again .
0	when i received my order i immediately opened it to take a bite .
1	when i pick my son up , the class is always so organized .
0	the first time we were there almost _num_ hours .
1	this branch was well organized and well stocked .
0	i thought it was from a sloppy oil change .
1	this consignment shop is clean and organized .
0	i have never visited a store with such a bad staff .
1	very clean and organized environment .
0	it just is n't for me .
1	everything is so well organized and in great shape !
0	a native all my life and never been , finally went last summer .
1	great staff , very attentive clean and organized .
0	sorry panda ; this loyal customer has had enough .
1	you guys need to get organized and take care the customers .
0	im _num_ from ohio .
1	their billing is not organized .
0	as for my ca rolls , the avocado was all brown !
1	friendly , clean , and well organized store .
0	it was actually so bad that we asked to talk to the manager .
1	very well organized .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in ages .
1	the program was uplifting and well organized .
0	never been here before .
1	clean and well organized with lots of stores and eateries .
0	i was shocked by how bad our experience was considering the other reviews .
1	this is a well organized big lots .
0	decent furniture but wow was i disappointed by the payment process .
1	this store is organized and clean .
0	which the bench under the tv is an absolutely terrible idea !
1	super fast and organized ... .
0	waited _num_ minutes for two glasses of wine .
1	great deals , clean shop , very organized , kind owners .
0	get me out of here !
1	clean and well organized , good prices .
0	this was not nearly as good .
1	i think the front desk could be a little more organized and professional .
0	the sauce was really disgusting .
1	the store is clean and well organized .
0	do not use this dry cleaner .
1	very clean , well organized , friendly staff .
0	extremely disappointed .
1	friendly , organized and professional .
0	it 's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable .
1	nothing seems to be organized and absolutely zero communication .
0	let alone one that the food is n't even that good .
1	it 's clean and well organized .
0	is it possible to give zero stars ?
1	employees are so helpful and the store is clean and organized .
0	but seriously , there are still restaurants that allow smoking ?
1	typically there are lots of shoppers , yet it stays clean and organized .
0	_num_ ) this place is ghetto .
1	i think they do a pretty good job of keeping beads organized .
0	however , they have several cooked selections .
1	the store is always clean and organized .
0	that is a lot for a less than adequate sandwhich .
1	it is clean and well organized .
0	the lady who works their , is super rude and never smiles .
1	not big of a store but very well organized .
0	but this location puts the name to shame .
1	this is a pretty organized airport .
0	first , i 'll walk you through my experience .
1	thus school is very poorly organized .
0	mash potatoes were dry and tasted gritty like it came from a box .
1	cozy , well organized , eclectic selection with a great selection of signed copies .
0	ca n't handle basic cleanliness then this is not a place to eat at .
1	things were well organized and easy to shop .
0	guess it was ok ?
1	this is a well organized , clean and friendly location .
0	you do n't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that .
1	the store is nice though , clean and organized .
0	because there regular food is mall grade at best .
1	clean organized and the produce section is awesome .
0	so bland .
1	organized , clean and in good repair .
0	please do n't eat this food .
1	the store is clean and well organized with very reasonable prices .
0	will never stop here again .
1	first impression as i walked in : clean , organized , friendly and educated .
0	i have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable .
1	very large selection , all very neatly organized .
0	this location is terrible .
1	even so the staff is very friendly and everything is very organized .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	very nice and organized .
0	and i do n't even mean refilling your drink .
1	great dentist , organized staff .
0	that was not to be found here .
1	please get your restaurant better organized .
0	i asked if it was out for delivery and she could n't tell me .
1	the office looks new or renovated , clean and organized .
0	i will not be returning here for any musical needs .
1	the layout is organized and clean .
0	everything was overpriced ; drinks , entrees , and dessert .
1	the parking is spacious and they keep the store clean and well organized .
0	the range itself had terrible ventilation .
1	the store is always clean , well organized , and easy to navigate .
0	got _num_ bites for one night .
1	this airport is very clean and organized .
0	i interacted with staff to get help with a machine that was n't working .
1	the place is organized well , clean and not cluttered .
0	it 's _num_ or _num_ bucks now after _num_ .
1	always clean , easy , simple , and organized !
0	order : big mac , large fries , diet coke .
1	the environment was tasteful , old world european and exceptionally clean and organized .
0	crispy on the outside , creamy and cheesy on the inside .
1	everything is well organized and there is usually several of each item .
0	the walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass .
1	the clothing is very well organized , separated by era and then by size .
0	and trying to get our check ?
1	they 're not very organized for watching games at all .
0	it 's not my kind of food , or place .
1	the class was organized yet gave the children time to explore as well .
0	the only seasoning available are salt , pepper , hot sauce , & ketchup .
1	everyone is so nice and the place is clean and organized .
0	horrible experience .
1	this place is clean and organized .
0	it is my pet peeve .
1	front desk id very responsive and organized as well .
0	highly recommend you find another car wash .
1	super fast , very organized and they are all extremely friendly .
0	i rest my case : avoid ten toes on walnut ladies !
1	this place and space is well organized , clean and safe .
0	i know some people have off days but this was bad .
1	price was reasonable and place was well organized .
0	_num_ .
1	it is cleaner then most stores and well organized .
0	it was god awful .
1	the floors are always clean , the store us always neat and organized .
0	could n't do that !
1	it is always clean and well organized .
0	also my veggies were n't seasoned at all and were not even steamed .
1	this store is super clean , organized and has amazingly affordable fresh produce .
0	`` no i am sorry nothing we can do . ''
1	these people were not friendly , organized or clean about anything .
0	yep , the food was cold .
1	this is a nice size , well organized airport .
0	the pasta a bit dry and bland as well .
1	it was n't organized at all .
0	to compare this place to the famous sandwich places is nyc is a joke .
1	it 's small , packed , and well organized .
0	i of course had filet , and i was just so underwhelmed with it .
1	everything is well organized and not messy at all .
0	and when i say smothered here , this is not a good thing .
1	clean and well organized .
0	there are better restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	very neat and organized which makes it very easy to find what you need .
0	it was a weird experience .
1	the lines are usually very inefficient and poorly organized .
0	my pet 's annual visit was over well $ _num_ .
1	it 's not very clean or organized .
0	omg what a nightmare .
1	organized by color and general category , it just makes sense !
0	this place was mediocre at best .
1	inside of the store was pretty organized .
0	in a bad frame of mind , i tried my food .
1	a very un organized and dirty location .
0	my server lost me towards the end .
1	the night manager was really organized and helpful .
0	i 'm also not a fan of soft served ice cream .
1	friendly and helpful staff , organized store with the usual starbucks cafe inside .
0	worst nail salon ever .
1	the shelves were organized for the most part and the clerks were helpful .
0	wish me luck guys .
1	it is very clean and organized for an easy find of items .
0	really disappointing .
1	clearly , not an honest , organized or worthy business in any respect .
0	the wedding manager nicole is ok , but nothing special .
1	clean and organized .
0	not a degree above room temp .
1	i 'm nothing if not organized .
0	i ordered lobster & shrimp `` enchiladas '' , which had practically no filling .
1	very clean office and the office staff is organized , friendly , and personable .
0	the place is dated and could use updating .
1	this place could not be any less organized .
0	the women at the front of the line had been waiting ten minutes .
1	while the store was clean and organized the selection and quality was dismal .
0	fried rice was ... just not what i expected , not exceptional either .
1	their new location is super organized and nice .
0	i could n't even finish it .
1	the spa is clean , well organized and professional .
0	i feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter .
1	very clean and well organized when i was there on an early sunday morning .
0	not bad , a little tasteless , but why bother ?
1	this place is set up warehouse style , but very well organized .
0	unfortunately the food was a let down .
1	very organized and well run .
0	very slow and boring .
1	things are not organized here either .
0	probably the worst value around .
1	the lounge is spotless and organized with different magazines and a television .
0	the worst part of the night ?
1	the store is very clean & organized .
0	holy ... cannoli ... get me out of here !
1	security is fast , and organized .
0	it 's not worth it .
1	every time i come to this location everything is so poorly organized .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	well organized , pickup at our hotel was even early , a nice feature .
0	i gave them all my contacts information to reach me .
1	store seems clean and well organized .
0	... can you call back later , i 'm really busy . ''
1	bathrooms were very clean & organized well .
0	unfortunately i did not get to experience these things .
1	this boutique certainly is well organized and the staff are friendly enough .
0	... another one bites the dust !
1	they are always clean and nicely organized .
0	i have left bleeding twice .
1	they keep the store organized and clean .
0	there were literally exactly four sad little pieces .
1	greeted with a smile at the door and everything was very organized .
0	my boyfriend 's dinner was a real disappointment , however .
1	like the set up and it always seems to be very clean and organized .
0	this place had horrible service .
1	nothing is ever organized .
0	worst place ever .
1	she is professional , courteous and organized !
0	also the inside is dirty as heck .
1	very well organized and great prices .
0	the worst thing about this place is also sam .
1	extremely clean and well organized facility with very friendly and accommodating staff .
0	no , we did not order any super fancy dishes .
1	they obviously are not organized and do n't care about customer service .
0	walking on it with shoes on disgusted me .
1	very organized and beautiful ride .
0	i called back at 10am instead .
1	also , the owner is attentive and organized .
0	first of all , the store was messy .
1	they are just not organized .
0	at night it is a nightmare .
1	great hotel - very clean , organized , the staff was amazing .
0	do n't bother eating here .
1	finance was organized and efficient as well .
0	another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff !
1	i hate the way things are organized .
0	i did n't touch anyone .
1	its always clean , stocked and organized .
0	great location but the facilities are a little tired .
1	store is n't very organized .
0	these women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs .
1	the shop front was clean , well organized and well stocked .
0	bread pudding is always warm no ?
1	it 's clean , organized and well run .
0	i get better shrimp pasta at macaroni grill !
1	this store is organized chaos at its best !
0	_num_ cents per slice for every topping ?
1	the store is organized pretty well and the selection is great .
0	brick oven pizza cold ... .
1	this store is not organized well .
0	i had the walnut crusted salmon sandwich and jordan had the reuben .
1	they generally run on time and are organized and efficient .
0	it 's not like they were busy .
1	the store is usually kept organized and clean .
0	is n't the rule `` customer is always right '' ?
1	entire store is always well organized and clean !
0	just a poorly laid out store which is showing it 's age .
1	this makes it very difficult to keep your items organized .
0	the inside was maybe worse , trash and dirty .
1	office is pleasant and organized .
0	i doubt that i 'll ever go back to this location again .
1	the store is very well organized by style , size and color .
0	finally order and pull around , i wait another five minutes .
1	they are very nice and friendly , and well organized .
0	waste of a cheat meal .
1	well organized and clean .
0	it came out of the kitchen with noodles instead of the potatoes .
1	the store is so well organized and well stocked .
0	this is a depressing coffee shop .
1	love the store sales and its always very organized .
0	staff definitely are really rude .
1	they always keep it pretty organized .
0	i did n't think it was that good .
1	nice staff , pretty organized store , good selection of products .
0	do n't worry but i wo n't come close to this restaurant again .
1	the garden is very clean and well organized .
0	i walked in sat down , greeted by friendly staff and great decor .
1	a well organized petsmart , with a good selection of items .
0	i did n't see a piece of lump crab anywhere .
1	great products and very organized .
0	no `` i 'm sorry . ''
1	looked super clean and organized .
0	they offered me nothing .
1	it was clean and very well organized .
0	the salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner .
1	she does impeccable work and is organized .
0	very cold to watch a game in even buy usual local rink standards .
1	store is clean and organized .
0	$ _num_ per hour per person ... with an one hour minimum .
1	they are very well organized for how busy they can get .
0	friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
1	the atmosphere has a beach vibe and was very clean and organized .
0	poor quality work .
1	it has basically everything you need and is well organized .
0	water pressure in the shower was also horrible .
1	their service is organized and great .
0	huge portion .
1	and the place is kept spot-on clean and organized .
0	the sad part is that its not even the technicians fault .
1	it could be a little more organized but still great !
0	i 'd give it zero stars but yelp wo n't let me .
1	the director is very well organized .
