0	they will ruin your car .
1	as others have said , the staff , not so much .
0	i 've had better meals at the complimentary continental buffet at the holiday inn .
1	sorry to say i felt like some others .
0	poor customer service .
1	i wo n't be back and suggest that others avoid this place .
0	i 've never posted a yelp review before .
1	thanks yelpers , following advice of others is not always good .
0	the portions here are huge ( the one constant ) .
1	unfortunately this is n't a happy review like the others i write .
0	not all her fault .
1	a few others have mentioned that they felt ignored we must agree .
0	i got the steamed chicken dumplings and a order of edamame to go .
1	clearly this company does n't work well with others .
0	the sausage was made in-house and was very flavorful .
1	there were only a few others in there around _num_ pm on a sunday .
0	bathrooms way too small i had to dry off outside the bathroom .
1	convenient for us , but worth the drive for others .
0	our food took forever and when it got there i was highly disappointed .
1	but to others , beware .
0	i ca n't for the life of me figure out why all the hype .
1	others will know of this bad service !
0	either case , i 'm not thrilled .
1	they have no respect for others time !
0	was not impressed at all .
1	as others have mentioned , there are no price tags on anything .
0	i did not receive the free cheesy bread and the drink order was incorrect .
1	others at bar just sitting and not playing .
0	so many fountains , open areas , gardens to visit .
1	i would definitely go back and recommend to others .
0	first , our waitress was not well informed of the offerings that evening .
1	the general tso 's is terrible like the others say .
0	and they 're just rude .
1	there were others on my plane that were not going to be so lucky .
0	we had to go , it was getting way too late .
1	i feel bad about not liking it , and i really hope others do .
0	they sprayed the windows but obviously allowed them to air dry .
1	definitely would recommend this restaurant to others !
0	unfortunately , i learned this the hard way .
1	was offered something else , but the others i was with were already done .
0	did n't clean under my nails after lotion .
1	others just want a quick buck at your expense .
0	i had the thai beef salad and it had about _num_ strips of beef .
1	had to sign up just to inform others not to waste their money .
0	try tom 's diner or eat 'n park instead .
1	but i know that 's their thing there so others may really like it .
0	do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
1	there were multiple inventory tags on some items and none on others .
0	despite how great the food was , i wo n't be returning .
1	two others in my group also said they will not be returning .
0	let alone one that the food is n't even that good .
1	- yes , some of the employees are courteous , but others are n't .
0	it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ?
1	as others have said the food was bland or over seasoned .
0	extremely disappointed , food was absolutely awful .
1	not the right choice with so many others in the area .
0	the first winter storm and the cable and internet is out .
1	filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
0	i do n't see why people really like this place .
1	have just had too many others that were way better .
0	not cool !
1	also , they are a little pricey than the others considering their location .
0	yes i know sometimes things could land i 'm my food .
1	not traditional thai but i could n't make up my mind about the others .
0	she also split a small mushroom pizza with my dad which was above average .
1	so bad i have walked out and i have seen others do the same .
0	we ate our dinner quickly because of how hungry we were .
1	looking at these reviews i can already see others having the same problem .
0	the service is really spotty too .
1	i came here last night with two others .
0	_num_ $ for a plain roast beef forget that !
1	as others have said , decor and location are horrible .
0	the thick white bread was dry and boring ; too crusty .
1	she was recommended by a friend and i would highly recommend her to others .
0	the food is crap .
1	it will be a little pricier than others , but it 's worth it .
0	the beef was very pink in the middle and was of extremely poor quality .
1	i strongly urge others to seek care elsewhere .
0	went for a friend 's birthday and had the worst experience ever .
1	the food does n't taste as good as others locations .
0	only because they were my only option .
1	not as crispy as others stated and they needed salt !
0	customer service is poor .
1	the others i 've had have been very rough .
0	none of the pastas had any flavor .
1	lousy service , mediocre proportions vs others around , no fresh cut fries !
0	we spent $ _num_ on admission & parking for _num_ adults and _num_ kids .
1	i would recommend others to check the price when you drop off your clothes .
0	service was mediocre but the food was poor .
1	so i turn to yelp to let others know .
0	poor service from the door .
1	as mentioned by others , this is americanized mexican cuisine .
0	the service is rather incompetent .
1	very helpful guys like craig , paul , chuck and few others .
0	that is where the efficiency and service took a turn for the worst .
1	i would highly encourage others to go elsewhere .
0	the music the guys played was all stuff from like _num_ .
1	the food was just okay some of it was better than others .
0	then again , we were in pittsburgh , so it 's a given .
1	as others have pointed out , the salsa is terrible .
0	_num_ .
1	( again , usually two bars less than others right around me ) .
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	several others walked in behind me also with complaints on orders .
0	not one good thing to say .
1	attended first visit two years ago as an invited guest of others .
0	it was a place where everybody knew my name .
1	no problem , so we sat in the waiting area with the others .
0	all bad news .
1	no online seat reservations like regal and others .
0	i arrived and was disappointed to not see the arrangement i ordered .
1	i 'm unsure if i will return unless pressed to do so by others .
0	this used to be my favorite local waffle house .
1	not sure why others rate them high .
0	there were no pictures hung in the room to improve the appearance .
1	i agree with the comments posted by others .
0	rude , crowded , and most importantly not that great !
1	we saw others seated , fed , and gone .
0	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
1	she kept answering the phone even though others were there .
0	we went on a sunday and i expected a wait , which was fine .
1	unfortunately , i did not have the great experience others did .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	i agree with the others : the layout of this store is a nightmare .
0	it took _num_ minutes just to get our waters .
1	this store was n't as clean and organized as others .
0	but this was our first visit , and we wo n't be back .
1	i would not buy from them and do n't recommend it for others .
0	but let me tell you , i was highly disappointed .
1	not a bad place but there are many others in charlotte that are better .
0	- and they left me hanging .
1	i was looking at the plate lunches of others and they look pretty bland .
0	i 'm sure they do but i had to spit mine out .
1	very dated as others have mentioned .
0	i have eaten at this restaurant before and the service was n't so bad .
1	and the store is dirty , just as others have said .
0	ok , i get it , your busy .
1	we ate at the one in charlotte last night and many others .
0	i do n't even know where to begin .
1	even waitress said others complained the same thing .
0	the wings were the most mediocre wings i have ever tasted .
1	flagged others down for more coffee and water .
0	but sadly , i do n't see you at all in my future .
1	some were tasty and moist ; others extremely dry and chewy .
0	the food sucked .
1	service would change one tv and screw up _num_ others .
0	then i tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	so sad because i love paradise and like to visit others often .
0	the place was much less noisy and crowded at my second visit .
1	they were not great and i would n't recommend them to others .
0	very rude .
1	i have convinced few others not to shop at smith 's .
0	the only compensation we got were $ _num_ game cards .
1	written to warn others .
0	whoever gave this place _num_ or five stars must be out of their minds .
1	i agree with others that the beer cave is wonderful .
0	_num_ $ later , i tossed it and walked out , miserable .
1	_num_ minutes pass and i see others that came in after me being seated .
0	she reluctantly gave me the owners name .
1	like others have said , the toppings do fall off .
0	i have eaten here before and never had any problems .
1	of course , there 's nothing i can do , but warn others .
0	will i come back to your restaurant , i 'm not sure .
1	i also went on others suggestions of getting the fried rice .
0	the owner has a complete disregard for customers and the customer experience .
1	said too many others rented & they came first .
0	the internet is so slow it is not functional for basic email .
1	walked in and waited with others as the host talked on the phone .
0	i paid $ _num_ to add sauted mushrooms , onions , and cheese .
1	some call it crystal shrimp others mayonnaise shrimp .
0	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
1	as others have said -- rooms are worn out .
0	avoid .
1	based on this experience , i would most definitely not recommend this to others .
0	i guess it does n't have to be .
1	avoid this location at all costs as many others have said .
0	i have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times .
1	the food was ok , again like others said salty !
0	the guys here were borderline rude to me when i dropped my car off .
1	just as others have said i would really give this place _num_ stars .
0	all our food was the thrown together in the same pan .
1	i have recommended them to others .
0	it was a weird experience .
1	others , are loud , annoying , and have no respect for anyone else .
0	then all the food was cold and hard .
1	they said this exact quote to others dropping off cars too .
0	check the expiration dates on all purchase from here !
1	went with _num_ others for a weeknight dinner .
0	i was n't impressed with my clam chowder .
1	just a note - others seemed to enjoy themselves and like the food .
0	do n't waste your time at the fish market .
1	others who had came after we did were being brought food .
0	want a zero star option !
1	unlike others , i did not find the owner friendly .
0	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
1	why are these two unlike any others in any other state ?
0	hostess was extremely unprofessional and rude !
1	some waitresses allow substitutions on meals others say no ... wtf !
0	worst bar i have ever been to .
1	but this location ca n't compare to the others i 've been to .
0	the place is empty .
1	so arrogant and sits around on his stupid phone while others are working .
0	ugh .
1	i do n't eat here by choice , only by the choice of others .
0	so beware , you are paying to dollar !
1	we also found the flavoring to be mediocre compared to others we 've tried .
0	the worst of it is the damage caused by being over processed .
1	it is very sad that people can earn their living taking advantage of others .
0	the service itself was n't to great either .
1	some of staff good others could care less .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	aside from the johnny d 's the others all serve incredibly bad food .
0	disappointing : ( i expected more out of pf chang 's .
1	went there with _num_ others during `` restaurant week '' .
0	i picked out the broccoli and ate it over my side of rice .
1	probably wo n't go back unless that is where others want to go .
0	it seem to be over before it started .
1	others in my party were disappointed with their food too .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	thai rama , malee 's ... others have better soup .
0	i 'm not italian , but i cook way better than this myself .
1	as others have mentioned this is a bad art of town .
0	at this point , i am done .
1	i went out with three others on a friday night to grab some dinner .
0	i also got a _num_ pack that cost _num_ dollars .
1	delivery even on busy nights like saturday is faster than the others .
0	the bed was comfortable enough and the room was mostly clean .
1	as others have said , stay far away from this place .
0	its also extremely odd that they could not contact me via e-mail or telephone ?
1	manager never came back to tell us that all were reserved for others .
0	this showmars used to be awesome .
1	we would definitely recommend them to others .
0	the food is crap .
1	the others were not very pleased with the food .
0	the chicken was n't very well seasoned and the sauce was overpowered by lemon .
1	as others have noted , the pretzels are really good .
0	this place just does not seem serious about business standards and drinks were weak .
1	now i know why the others do n't install on-site .
0	there is an atm , but it has a $ _num_ charge to use .
1	we are white , and the others getting better service are hispanic .
0	sure enough , a few minutes later it was on my table .
1	i was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat .
0	no wonder the service was horrible !
1	i 've been to others across town this place was ridiculous .
0	the food was all bland and tasteless .
1	it seriously was n't anymore busy for our waiter then the others .
0	i was presented with ... an empty plate .
1	i 'm a customer just like the others waiting .
0	imitation crab & lots of filling .
1	also , this ross just seems to be more cramped than others .
0	between two of them they finished one piece and could n't tolerate anymore .
1	after asking if there were any others , i was told , `` nope .
0	the waitress was nice but overall i would n't dine here again .
1	some people 's meals were much more expensive than others .
0	unacceptable .
1	i feel bad for others who do not have the technology .
0	if your seeking genuine medical attention i would strongly suggest another facility .
1	echo the comments of others on the complete lack of customer service .
0	avoid this place .
1	i can not speak for others .
0	very disappointed .
1	i 'm wondering if the others have had good italian food before .
0	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
1	this location like most others was very busy .
0	mind you , our food still has n't came yet .
1	others in our group had problems as well .
0	it all snapped into place for me one day recently .
1	i will definitely be referring others to your store .
0	rude !
1	so , i ate some shrimp spring rolls and sampled others .
0	not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff .
1	as others have said you never know what kind of service you will get .
0	i really do n't have much desire to go here !
1	others might like the sweeter , breaded sesame beef .
0	this place is hit or miss .
1	this place really is the same as others in this town .
0	i asked for medium cooked and they gave me burnt .
1	i will not go back and encourage others to think carefully about eating here .
0	please do not give them business .
1	like others have mentioned their curries are almost embarrassing .
0	the food ranges from mediocre to bland .
1	there was hair that was longer than others around it on top .
0	the overall condition of the hotel was n't promising on first entrance .
1	that 's why i accepted the offer instead of others i had .
0	the decor is very plain .
1	_num_ maybe _num_ others waiting and steaming .
0	so , you get where this is going , right ?
1	there was only _num_ attractive ones the others were to skinny are just ugly !
0	disgusting is putting it lightly .
1	never going back again and i would advise against master muffler to all others .
0	his key does not work either .
1	murphy 's pub , the blind pig , and others .
0	i was meeting up with _num_ other people there .
1	this visit was not like the others .
0	what i got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich .
1	i also ran into the slow refill issue that others mention .
0	terrible customer service !
1	none of the others said their names .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	and others as well.
0	this place is sad .
1	as mentioned by others , this road is not in the best shape .
0	i do n't even really know where to begin with this review .
1	as others stated , this is a teams only .
0	my girlfriend ordered sesame chicken and it tasted like fish .
1	no bread , edamame , i like it but others do n't .
0	came back and dropped them off and left again .
1	my car was towed ( along with _num_ others ) last night .
0	no hi , no thank you , no have a nice day .
1	some of the drivers work harder than others .
0	i said to myself , this is unsanitary practices being used here .
1	glenn and the others that work at the shop are well worth the trip .
0	after waiting way too long to even be acknowledged , my order was taken .
1	maybe others are better but this location is no bueno .
0	these women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs .
1	there is too many others businesses that care about customer service .
0	it was way too thick and absolutely tasteless .
1	_num_ others in same situation .
0	there are many choices in charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one .
1	others around us had similar problems .
0	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
1	in fact , nearly everything at this one is more bland than others .
0	i 'd go back for bottled beer , that 's about it .
1	this is your typical courtyard , decorated about the same as all others .
0	when the tech returned with my dog she did n't say a word .
1	as for the cons , read my review as well as others posted .
0	his staff is embarrassed .
1	we 'd definitely go back & recommend it to others .
0	apparently my empty glass was n't enough of a visual cue .
1	certainly beats any others cajun places in charlotte .
0	long waits and lack of attentiveness .
1	i stopped by here this past thursday night with three others for dinner .
0	it 's a little annoying .
1	others loved their steaks ... mine was flavorless .
0	sucks , sucks , sucks .
1	which is why i am warning others .
0	too much dressing in a salad that did n't even fill the bowl .
1	others are just damn cranky .
0	a couple tables taken , but no sign of staff in the bar .
1	the hostess was very rude to me and the others in my party .
0	sure , it 's friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable .
1	i would not go here again and would n't recommend it to others .
0	i do n't see to many options in pittsburgh for sporting goods .
1	sorry , but i feel i need to post for the safety of others .
0	time warner cable is the worst !
1	some of the staff was n't as nice as others .
0	he did nothing to compensate us for the long wait .
1	others at the table ordered fried chicken , white meat , for $ _num_ .
0	drinks are far too expensive to try any .
1	others were not too thrilled and let me know it .
0	the worst part , though , is the service .
1	unfortunately , i did not have the same experience as others .
0	the manager was rude .
1	there are about _num_ seating options , _num_ were used all the others empty .
0	i 'm not a beer drinking novice .
1	i will give sushi kim another chance because i know others rave about it .
0	not much more , but enough to make it not right .
1	the food was salty for some items & dry for others .
0	internet access is $ _num_ per day .
1	as others say , try the curries ; they 're absolutely delicious .
0	horrible business practice here .
1	i do n't know how others think this place is good .
0	they next wanted to try my hands and i refused .
1	better than most others in the charlotte area .
0	the food was awful , the service worse .
1	we agree with others that the bagels are average , definitely not superior .
0	disappointed .
1	contrary to what others posted the inside of the building did not stink .
0	this place has gone significantly down hill .
1	for the second plate , i tried some others .
0	this guy is out of control its definitely something wrong with him .
1	_num_ plate of food for our party comes out while others wait .
0	never been here before .
1	`` some time are a little slower than others . ''
0	it 's definitely not the worst i 've ever had .
1	some baristas made it okay and others made it awful .
0	what a disappointment .
1	do n't treat me or others like crap !
0	they complained that our house was not clean and scared off the potential tenants .
1	i agree with the others -- terrible service and terrible prices .
0	why not ? ''
1	my review is sadly in keeping with the others posted .
0	compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite .
1	this location is not as stellar as others .
0	it opens at _num_ .
1	they said they 'll do it some days but not others .
0	the turkey burger was seasoned well , but it was dry as a bone .
1	i 've used coupons from groupon at this location and others before .
0	when i walked in i gave them my name and paid for my order .
1	but my bad experience will help others not to choose this shop .
0	_num_ .
1	i am now renting from budget and others .
0	very poor customer service , and that 's too bad .
1	others were sat before us and we were told a _num_ minute wait .
0	when i arrived , i was seated quickly and greeted by a stylist .
1	the others in the bus were staying in downtown lv .
0	worst service of all time .
1	i was sadly surprised we did n't have the 5-star experience others did .
0	my cat is not eating .
1	the others are n't so great .
