0	at that point our drinks were empty .
1	poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality .
0	but one is supposed to come here for steak .
1	i will never return here ; horrible overpriced joke of a venue .
0	panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant i have ever been to .
1	they seem overpriced , too .
0	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
1	it was way overpriced at _num_ $ $ $ for a disappointing meal .
0	since wings are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable .
1	everything was extremely overpriced for the quality and the service was terrible !
0	it looked like it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	el pollo loco is overpriced food with very small proportions .
0	i would never come back .
1	like , overpriced expensive .
0	$ _num_ dollars for a plate of pasta , really ?
1	food not that good overpriced .
0	service was slow but they were nice about it .
1	this place is overpriced and is n't real italian .
0	it was just okay as a whole .
1	everything is incredibly overpriced and the food is less than mediocre .
0	naturally , i get an automatic voicemail .
1	it was completely overpriced and worst frozen custard i 've ever had .
0	was n't worth it for me .
1	overall , the food was ok but overpriced for the quality .
0	even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were .
1	the food is bland and overpriced .
0	swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
1	we had overpriced salads and hamburgers that were large and filling and tasted decent .
0	so not cool steelers !
1	average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
0	person on the taking orders was rude when i called back with a problem .
1	overpriced and bland .
0	so long story short , this place is packed .
1	my overall opinion is that the service was terrible and the food was overpriced .
0	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
1	yucky i did n't think the food was very tasteful and it was overpriced .
0	this used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat .
1	overpriced for mediocre food .
0	save your money , shop elsewhere .
1	overpriced , stale fast-food .
0	and we could have been loyal customers for years to come .
1	come on now ... way overpriced and not that tasty .
0	things quickly got off to a bad start .
1	pretentious and overpriced .
0	you will leave smelling like cooking oil .
1	the food is also terrible and overpriced .
0	i ordered the bone in fillet , they brought me a ribeye .
1	ridiculously overpriced for the finished product and experience .
0	no such luck , since it was prime dining time on saturday night .
1	food was overpriced , over cooked and was very dry .
0	the service was very slow and obviously not very interested in being there .
1	so completely overpriced for just your standard mexican fare .
0	ca n't comment on food since i was just in for beers .
1	the food was terrible and way overpriced .
0	also they do not take credit or debit cards .
1	terrible in that my overpriced grilled cheese had _num_ small pieces of cheese .
0	_num_ after tip .
1	everything that followed was overpriced and nasty .
0	no drafts or specials on a friday when we got there at _num_ .
1	the employees were extremely rude , the food is overpriced and mediocre .
0	sorry to see this place go down hill .
1	overpriced , and not a good experience .
0	they do n't even have a restroom for customers !
1	overpriced and poor quality .
0	the first time , i thought maybe i just got a bad batch .
1	not to mention they 're overpriced .
0	this experience was not worth the beautiful dresses .
1	tanks are way overpriced .
0	_num_ ) they did not return my $ _num_ security deposit .
1	it is overpriced and not worth it .
0	i 'll stick with trader joe 's for my alternative market , thank you !
1	way overpriced and not worth the trip !
0	was somewhat disappointed with my order from bagel factory today .
1	the atmosphere is great , but the food is too buttery and overpriced .
0	that was not a real latte .
1	$ _num_ is way overpriced for the lack of accommodations that they provide i.e .
0	also , why have _num_ screens when you can have one huge one ?
1	it 's extremely overpriced ( $ _num_ for a solo ham and cheese crepe ?
0	there 's no day pass .
1	but yes , you guessed it , that 's overpriced too .
0	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
1	portions were small and way overpriced .
0	there was absolutely no seasoning on them and they had zero taste .
1	although the pancakes are excellent , the breakfasts are overpriced for what you get .
0	i ordered my spicy tuna and salmon rolls , both came within _num_ minutes .
1	extremely overpriced for the end product .
0	the customer service displayed was some of the worst i have ever seen .
1	that 's just really overpriced .
0	so i would say , sure - check them out .
1	the filets were delicious but extremely overpriced as was the pork tenderloin .
0	over time i 've been ignored , greeted with `` what do you want ?
1	overpriced for a small portion and bland .
0	i went out with three others on a friday night to grab some dinner .
1	the food was overpriced and terrible !
0	the rent is too damn high .
1	overpriced and not the best phoenix has to offer .
0	update : i received a very much appreciated phone call from the owner today .
1	overpriced , salty and overrated !
0	it was a disgrace .
1	it 's crowded and loud and the food is overpriced .
0	he barely spoke and did n't put on any kind of show at all !
1	it was our first time there l. tickets are overpriced !
0	i have eaten here before and never had any problems .
1	horrible experience , bland food , overpriced .
0	it wasnt horrible , it just wasnt great .
1	overpriced and slow service .
0	this place is way over priced .
1	way overpriced , extreme unhealthy food choices ?
0	not much more , but enough to make it not right .
1	overpriced , very slow service , food was decent .
0	i only returned because i was getting my dog groomed at the nearby petco .
1	overpriced for such bad service .
0	rice is a little plain but i just add some soy sauce .
1	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
0	_num_ .
1	overpriced and mediocre food at best .
0	this used to be my favorite place uptown .
1	pricey , overpriced compared to other higher quality italian restaurants .
0	port authority sucks !
1	overpriced entrees , underwhelming food .
0	receive my check to find out it was all full price .
1	the main courses are extremely overpriced ( not unusual for walnut st. ) .
0	bread pudding is always warm no ?
1	anyway , it was overpriced .
0	the only thing i liked was their ranch sauce .
1	room service food was overpriced .
0	i am disappointed .
1	overpriced and ridiculous set up .
0	however , the rum killed any blueberry or mint flavor in the drink .
1	i think it was overpriced for a pittsburgh restaurant as well .
0	sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment !
1	mediocre and overpriced .
0	we went back in the main door , clearly confused .
1	in the end it 's just overpriced ridiculously sized chain food .
0	stay away from them like the plague if possible .
1	the fish and shrimp are overpriced and way too heavily breaded .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	way overpriced .
0	bar food none too exceptional .
1	all the pastas were overcooked and overpriced .
0	the store seems to be a kind of a ripoff .
1	the wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor .
0	i live _num_ minutes from their location .
1	the food however was really overpriced for what you got and disappointing .
0	i thought it was odd how many empty tables were in the bar area .
1	however , the food was very bland and i thought it was overpriced .
0	im _num_ from ohio .
1	it 's overpriced with poor service and the food is mediocre at best .
0	maybe it 's just the built in crowd .
1	prices - way overpriced , on everything .
0	called back and was told wait time would be _num_ minutes .
1	the food on the other hand was overpriced and gross .
0	the mexican cookie was just the same consistency .
1	grossly overpriced .
0	on top of that the cake was n't even fresh .
1	it 's basically the typical americanized , overpriced sit-down chinese restaurant .
0	the eggplant was soggy and not great .
1	overpriced food with shady looking waitresses .
0	also , alcohol in the air here too .
1	even with $ _num_ groupon for $ _num_ its still overpriced ... ... .
0	fast forward to july ( _num_ weeks before the wedding ) .
1	overpriced , very , very bland .
0	i wasted $ _num_ for nothing because they did n't do a through job .
1	way overpriced and service was n't great .
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	overpriced gross food and a rude owner !
0	so why the low rating ?
1	overpriced & horrible housekeeping !
0	if you like casbah more power to you but for me never again .
1	not only is the food overpriced and barely edible , the service is horrible !
0	each visit was more bizarre than the time before .
1	all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
0	but then again he knows everything is crap in his store .
1	they are overpriced and lack basic customer service skills .
0	well , that coffee i spent $ _num_ on ?
1	overpriced products that make me think they just do n't price shop their competition .
0	who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
1	the food was average at best and certainly overpriced for the quality .
0	she asks employee to scale back .
1	i drove _num_ minutes for overpriced `` german '' food .
0	why could n't they take a couple minutes and wrap our gift for us ?
1	extremely overpriced , underwhelming food .
0	( $ _num_ for a hair cut i was n't satisfied with ) .
1	overpriced junk food .
0	was really excited to try this out .
1	very bad food and overpriced .
0	they served salad shortly my goodness this place was slow though .
1	dirty room , rude staff , overpriced .
0	i am _num_ and my sisters are younger than i am .
1	overpriced and lost my trust right away .
0	the seafood was a little undercooked and everything was dripping in butter .
1	overpriced save yourself the disappointment & money .
0	also had to dodge many foul balls .
1	very limited menu and as with most places overpriced .
0	it 's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order .
1	overpriced with mediocre food .
0	i am not interested in ever going back !
1	overpriced , mediocre sushi restaurant that only knows how to sell atmosphere and presentation .
0	they were also extremely greasy and had zero flavor of any kind of sauce .
1	ok atmosphere drinks are overpriced for the area .
0	ca n't recommend the place .
1	poor selection , poor lighting , bad layout and overpriced .
0	the store told them that they have problems with that manufacturer all the .
1	really bland food , really overpriced .
0	after waiting way too long to even be acknowledged , my order was taken .
1	way overpriced for the amount of seafood you get .
0	and they did n't seem too concerned about my complaint .
1	this restaurant is pretentious and overpriced .
0	my biggest complaint though is the housekeeping staff .
1	this bar is cramped , overpriced , and the service is unbelievably slow .
0	i was quoted $ _num_ for them to get it off .
1	needless to say , even at the correct weight they are overpriced !
0	if this is their generic price for _num_ hour of labor it is ridiculous .
1	overpriced , terrible customer service , and long wait times .
0	total for the above was $ _num_ !
1	horrible experience , and their prices were overpriced .
0	i walked out !
1	the eggrolls were overpriced and are more like a spring roll .
0	personally , i do n't see what is so special about it .
1	oh , and the books are way overpriced .
0	butter served with the bread was so hard it bent the knife .
1	food was overpriced and restaurant not that nice .
0	the weekdays are bad enough .
1	lame overpriced toys .
0	they are super thin and crispy on the outside .
1	as for drinks , they really are just overpriced .
0	i hate to blame the kitchen , but i think it 's the kitchen .
1	it was dirty , unsanitary , and way overpriced !
0	the cleanliness of the bathrooms is less than desirable .
1	this place is overpriced and the service is not good at all .
0	to any new potential new customer out there , please be warned .
1	overpriced , flavorless , and poor quality .
0	the elevator moved really slow .
1	overpriced and nothing special of this bbq chicken sandwich .
0	they said if i printed it out , i could have used it .
1	grossly overpriced for what we received and service was mediocre at best .
0	but the noodles are a disgrace .
1	no one item had price tag on it , no wonder why , overpriced !
0	granted , i like to host social events .
1	the food was terrible and completely overpriced .
0	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
1	it was ok food , but overpriced .
0	i 've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff .
1	okay thai food , nothing special , and overpriced .
0	my moo shu chicken was mostly cabbage .
1	overpriced mediocre food ... .
0	obviously , if you choose to patronize this establishment , pay cash .
1	the rumors were true , this place is overpriced and has terrible service .
0	this rink just did n't blow my mind .
1	their pastas and deserts are way too overpriced for the quality .
0	service was rough .
1	the service is terrible , and very overpriced for the apparent value .
0	i was meeting up with _num_ other people there .
1	beer was overpriced at $ _num_ for a glass .
0	this is a terrible shelter .
1	totally agree with the other reviewers about einstein 's being overpriced .
0	sounded like i was flying a helicopter .
1	the food is overpriced and very sub-par .
0	i did n't bother to ask if anything was organic .
1	the pizza is thin and chewy and way overpriced .
0	truly pathetic .
1	everything was overpriced ; drinks , entrees , and dessert .
0	it 's somewhat upscale , but it 's not the ritz .
1	the place is overpriced and completely poor quality .
0	not good at all .
1	way overpriced for just ok food .
0	they just keep finding excuses and trying not to be responsible for it .
1	food is overpriced and not that great .
0	_num_ . )
1	it was completely ridiculously overpriced .
0	one of the people working said that was probably because of `` renovations . ''
1	at this point , it 's just overpriced greasy food .
0	i would not go out of my way or tell friends about this place .
1	overpriced with no real selection .
0	this was the worst service and experience i have ever received !
1	it was alright , not good not awful , and overpriced for the size .
0	it was like an old sweet an sour sauce with a little spice .
1	talk about overpriced and not very good .
0	its connection is also very spotty .
1	overpriced chinese food and only tasted mediocre at most .
0	not even remotely convenient .
1	bland , overpriced , and nothing special .
0	at noon on a friday i called getaway to place an order for wings .
1	terrible service , the food was overpriced for what you get .
0	the place is rather run down .
1	everything is way too salty and overpriced .
0	worst restaurant ever .
1	overpriced beer and overpriced , bad food .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	well , it was overpriced and the food was terrible .
0	stay away unless you 're just buying tires !
1	the food was bland , boring and overpriced .
0	not good .
1	they were overpriced , and not worth it .
0	it was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top .
1	well now it is up to $ _num_ and still way overpriced .
0	very very disappointing .
1	we also shared a pasta dish which was incredibly overpriced .
0	ie skinny burgers with simple ingredients ( ie american cheese and ketchup ) .
1	overpriced and horrible .
0	we sat for _num_ minutes before a server came to our table .
1	overpriced low quality hibachi .
0	poor excuse for seafood !
1	i gave it _num_ [ $ ] just because it so overpriced .
0	everything we ordered was very very bland .
1	long lines , overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait .
0	the only thing that was efficient was the valet service .
1	overpriced , mediocre food .
0	glad we went , but we wo n't go back .
1	skip this place , overpriced .
0	i could have spoken to him in _num_ minutes and gotten out of there .
1	although they may sell a good product , they are way overpriced .
0	he said , `` just grab your registration and come on in . ''
1	pedicure 's are overpriced and they do basically nothing .
0	this place sucks .
1	overall , just overpriced and not that great .
0	was told there would be no problem .
1	ice cream is just ok imo and overpriced for the quality .
0	_num_ years i had this deal going on .
1	simply put , it is overpriced and not worth your money .
0	also , not one of us got ours cooked as ordered .
1	their food is mediocre at best but ridiculously overpriced .
0	when was the last time you ate chinese food that was cold ?
1	overpriced and never again especially for female haircuts .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	but do n't eat here ( it 's really overpriced for crappy food ) .
0	ours was n't plain and simple .
1	wine was outrageously overpriced .
0	tasted very good , but i was disappointed in how dirty this place is .
1	anything other than lunch is overpriced .
0	i spent a lot , but i was ok with the occasional splurge .
1	but for dinner ... way overpriced , way overrated .
0	hand me my order and cash me out ! )
1	dinner for _num_ of us was way overpriced .
0	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
1	food was terrible and way overpriced .
0	_num_ ) the lemonade is _num_ % ice !
1	do n't waste your money on this overpriced restaurant .
0	the bread sticks were pretty underwhelming -- there was no garlic or flavor really .
1	pizza was lackluster , overpriced , and layered in too much cheese .
0	avis customer service says we have to wait _num_ hours .
1	overall impression is overpriced , over cooked , under flavored .
0	this was just a joke and definitely not worth the wait .
1	however , i hate it because i believe the alcohol and food is overpriced .
0	someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be .
1	did i mention the sandwich was completely overpriced as well ?
0	i stay _num_ blocks away from harris grill .
1	overpriced as well , they just try and charge you the most expensive deal !
0	i still do n't understand why they served their fancy cream soda warm .
1	first off , the food is horribly overpriced .
0	furthermore , i have ordered the shrimp with garlic sauce .
1	somewhat slow service and somewhat overpriced .
0	leftovers .
1	food was overpriced and less than average .
0	very sad to find that donuts are made the day before .
1	the rest of the menu is small portions and , again , way overpriced .
0	horrible service !
1	but very slow service , and overpriced .
0	i would gladly give less than one star , alas , not possible !
1	overpriced and below average food .
0	as for my ca rolls , the avocado was all brown !
1	the drinks , like everything else there , are overpriced for their quality .
0	i wo n't be going here again .
1	the products are all grossly overpriced .
0	interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already .
1	some overpriced crackers , nuts , or pretzels .
0	the hallways smell like hot garbage , always .
1	way too overpriced for the quality of food !
0	the light fixtures were too modern to be considered cozy .
1	drinks were small , weak and overpriced .
0	how hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms , seriously ?
1	my entree , the scallops served with risotto , was fine but overpriced .
0	however , last night 's dinner was just plain bad .
1	salads are overpriced and no hot entrees ... unimpressive .
0	steak was over cooked and the plate was hot but not `` sizzling '' .
1	it 's overpriced and low quality .
0	i ordered the kung pao chicken and crab rangoon .
1	overpriced and overwhelming .
0	service was sub par at best .
1	everything was way overpriced and not a very good selection .
0	the continental breakfast was ok but a little lackluster .
1	overpriced and my muffin was stale .
0	a simple addition of caramelized onions would have solved this problem .
1	the place was overpriced and left me with a not so fresh feeling .
0	frankly ( haha ) , it did n't do anything for me .
1	this time , overpriced food and bad service .
0	the chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer .
1	really poor service and way overpriced .
0	are employees required to be grumpy here ?
1	ugh ... way overpriced , same taste as the food court at the mall .
0	instead of caramelized onions , they added raw onions .
1	way too overpriced for the junk they serve .
0	annoying ?
1	the pho was mediocre and all the food we ordered were overpriced .
0	but they sure sold it to me .
1	for a $ _num_ ( overpriced ) pedicure i expected way more .
0	, but instead they decided to take advantage of my position .
1	we were expected to bus our own table for this lack luster overpriced food .
0	possibly the worst pizza i have ever eaten .
1	bland food , terrible service and overpriced .
