0	but for those considering a long distance purchase , just beware a bit .
1	did they change owners ?
0	we had no silverware , had to request it repeatedly .
1	very bad first impression for a loyal ford owner .
0	i have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times .
1	the owner was not at all friendly .
0	their orange juice is never too tart , never too sweet .
1	i told the owner that i was in _num_ other times this week .
0	i just did n't want to create a scene in front of my guest .
1	she told me the owner was out of town now for several weeks .
0	they sit on the tables and often just sit at your table .
1	the lady that owns it is rude and makes the owner workers miserable .
0	first off , our waitress just was n't good .
1	i support small business , this owner will not get mine .
0	not worth $ _num_ unfortunately the sausage platter was $ _num_ .
1	the owner of this company was a completely greedy business owner .
0	they 're wrong .
1	the owner came back and told the cashier the worker was rude .
0	the morning of checkout my bill had not been placed under the door .
1	does n't say much about the owners or management .
0	person on the taking orders was rude when i called back with a problem .
1	after that the owner got really nasty .
0	fried chicken , macaroni and cheese and collards .
1	owners must suck every dime out of the business .
0	essentially , the entire sandwich was inedible and i settled for five guys instead .
1	we approached the owner about it and he treated us like crap too .
0	just awful .
1	i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
0	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
1	miss the old owners .
0	- chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool .
1	for $ _num_ with the owner .
0	we ate about a quarter of the food & could n't even finish it .
1	when i called , i thought i was lucky to have reached the owner .
0	too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
1	the owner responded to my request with a simple `` no . ''
0	the staff is rude .
1	i could n't convince the owner of using dry cloths .
0	this is the worse nail salon i have ever been to !
1	owner is not willing to do anything about it .
0	assistant manager says he had no way to contact delivery people for assistance .
1	owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal .
0	avoid this shop .
1	how it is a scam and that the owners id was stolen many times .
0	even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were .
1	this is one cheap owner .
0	unfortunately the food was n't very good .
1	the better restaurant is the little cafe across the street owned by same owner .
0	the rose sauce was n't as flavorful as i would expect .
1	the owners are total jerks ... you can kiss your security deposit goodbye !
0	the whole experience was absolutely ridiculous .
1	they are down to the owners wife as the server .
0	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
1	who is the owner does not know how to deal with people .
0	i just ate half of a cockroach .
1	owner is there almost always , ready to address and help with anything possible .
0	price was as i expected for a nice looking salon .
1	one thing is for sure , the owners will read about it .
0	the service was very slow .
1	they changed owners recently and the food has suffered .
0	but truth be told , i 'll probably be back .
1	the owner refuses to take care of black people .
0	`` unfortunately we do n't have that information . ''
1	old owners or new owners , it was n't very good .
0	worst venue iv been to .
1	_num_ months after my review , the owner posts a comment .
0	if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating .
1	really needs attention from its chef owner .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	i informed him that i was the original owner of the auto .
0	the food was bad , yo .
1	the owner was friendly , the service was prompt and fairly priced .
0	service is horrible .
1	its owner , gary , enjoys parking in handicapped parking spaces .
0	the service was mostly friendly but i was disappointed in my meal .
1	apparently the guy was the owner , but he was beyond rude .
0	did n't live up to my expectations at all .
1	i have never been treated that way with any owner of a business .
0	furthermore , i have ordered the shrimp with garlic sauce .
1	the owners were rushing our girl to hurry up .
0	the place was empty when we got there and when we left .
1	but alas , the owner .
0	the parking lot is miserable .
1	i miss the old owner of the place .
0	the food was mediocre .
1	not so with new owner .
0	i do n't understand this either .
1	one would think that the owners would at least look at the reviews .
0	very bland .
1	owners should know how they are being represented at the front register .
0	ca n't give this place anything lower than _num_ star .
1	the same owner 's mimosa grill in uptown charlotte is much better .
0	i ca n't even begin to tell you how they treated me !
1	the owner was beyond rude !
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	but , i kept going back because i just love the owner .
0	my return is questionable .
1	she lacks the desire or ability to truly support the owners in our community .
0	salad came first then bruschetta ( wtf ) toast and tomatoes and cheese .
1	i 've had appointments with salon owners and never had to leave payment info .
0	bathrooms were dirty and ladies room had no toilet paper or soap .
1	also , carrie is not always the most friendly shop owner .
0	both were so bland i could have prepared a better version at home .
1	ok , the owner must be a complete idiot .
0	i spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza .
1	this man ( the owner ) does n't even deserve to be in business .
0	the bread is the best part , which is really sad .
1	she is a horrible business owner .
0	i gave her a call and she did n't pick up .
1	owners need to consider taking this off the menu .
0	managed very poorly .
1	owners , please stick to your business hours .
0	ridiculous .
1	i request to speak with the owner , and he refuses .
0	my first visit was to the one in south hills .
1	the owner refused to replace , or even attempt to fix it .
0	what horrible service this place gives !
1	i have never been so angry about the way a business owner treated me .
0	it was almost empty and twice we had to have someone find our waitress .
1	the owner ( john ) , completely unprofessional .
0	poor service , menu options not available , dirty utensils .
1	this place went from awesome to worst after it changed owners .
0	no longer going to try .
1	i was just treated terribly by the owner of mesa frozen yogurt today !
0	there is no email and i have spent hours on the phone .
1	i told the owner hoping maybe i 'd get some sort of money back .
0	water pressure in the shower was also horrible .
1	: ( ( ( never had this happen with previous owner !
0	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
1	i could see the owner busy cooking in the kitchen .
0	you know what was the worst thing , though ?
1	unfortunately , the owner was rude and indifferent .
0	i wo n't be going back to see him again .
1	when i complained to the owner , there was never a response .
0	then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition .
1	the franchise owner does n't give the veteran 's discount .
0	but you know what words i do n't mind hearing ?
1	it appears there are new owners .
0	when we arrived there , however it was a different story .
1	this one came very close , but the owners attitude sucks .
0	fake italian at its finest .
1	the owner commented , and is still rude and lying in her comments .
0	this place is horrible .
1	by the looks of the other reviews the owner does n't give a crap .
0	do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
1	the owner of the dog did n't look the least bit concerned .
0	take it from me ; avoid this place at all cost .
1	you will not be satisfied as an owner .
0	the other thing i do not like about this place are their hours .
1	im so sorry the owner died .
0	nina the manager and ashley the cashier extremely rude .
1	owner was extremely polite .
0	very disappointed in the customer service .
1	i see some obvious pride lost in the owners and employees alike .
0	( seriously , i feel sorry for someone truly fat going in there ) .
1	the owner ( larger woman ) is rude and dismissive of my questions .
0	we were disappointed .
1	the owner responded to this very quickly which is nice and shows he cares .
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	first off , upon meeting the owner , ray , i was really impressed .
0	it was ok but not something i would order again .
1	i would beg the owners to put any effort into this place .
0	service was really bad even though the place was half empty .
1	the owner is rude along with the waitresses .
0	minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce .
1	sorry new owner ... you missed out on our patronage yesterday and forever !
0	at this point , one star is being generous .
1	when i asked why owner said because is my store .
0	it is wrong .
1	the owners could n't care less that there far better ways to do things .
0	if you are here to eat , maybe try somewhere else .
1	the owner does not seem to like his job .
0	i will not go back again .
1	i walk in and manager ( owner ) greets me .
0	the remaining slices got tossed in the garbage .
1	i asked the service manager to speak with the owner and was refused .
0	the wine list is lacking .
1	the owner was sitting right there and did n't do anything or say anything .
0	maybe that 's for atmosphere , but it was not enjoyable .
1	owner is one angry nasty person .
0	we 've had too many problems to list all of them .
1	the owner was so rude i walked out !
0	food is very overpriced though .
1	no greeting from the owner ... nothing !
0	i hated it !
1	the owner does not care about his employees or customers .
0	extremely disappointing and appalling .
1	update : i received a very much appreciated phone call from the owner today .
0	for me the food was terrible .
1	no manager or owner on duty .
0	too much trouble .
1	hello new owners ; this is a recipe for disaster .
0	however , there was no way i was sending it back .
1	is owners even try what they sell ?
0	overall just a really bad experience .
1	the owner ruined the entire experience .
0	i made reservation and still the table was not ready .
1	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	and by alcoholic i mean `` owner '' specifically .
0	after a few phone calls later , no shirts , no suits .
1	like the owner said , it 's crap !
0	bad planning and execution ?
1	they have changed owners and we do not go there .
0	nothing really special & not worthy of the $ _num_ price tag .
1	too many nice business owners to give hard earned money .
0	you need a new chef , immediately .
1	* the owner failed to mention the pita bread was extra .
0	but damn , i was hungry !
1	i gave the one star for the owner .
0	today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality .
1	the reply was the owners wo n't let us buy anything .
0	the cashier had no idea what we were asking for .
1	owner or whoever was at the counter was extremely rude .
0	since they apparently hire good people , hire more !
1	she ( i 'm assuming she is the owner ) was beyond rude .
0	in all honesty i would 've rather had five guys or in-n-out burgers .
1	the owner is the one who took my appointment .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	the owner was a sour faced jerk who demanded to know what i wanted .
0	we also did n't get straws , or utensils for our food .
1	the owner explained that the sweet soy sauce was an extra $ _num_ .
0	was n't worth it for me .
1	the owner does not care about the employees .
0	bad service , bland food .
1	to add , i emailed to let the owners know and received no reply .
0	the lighting was poor .
1	the owner is really rude , worst costumer service .
0	we will not be going back .
1	this was the worst experience i ever had with business owners !
0	worst parking lot in pittsburgh .
1	and that its all the owners fault about the price .
0	however it just does not work for me .
1	i am shocked at how rude the owner john is .
0	i 'm sure they do but i had to spit mine out .
1	_num_ ) the owners daughter was running around and at times yelling or crying .
0	do not go for the pumpkin patch !
1	at that time , i even had a terrible interaction with the owner .
0	service is terrible and wo n't return .
1	the owner ( wife ) , is extremely rude !
0	shady and terribly run nail salon .
1	he said , `` i 'm ray , the owner '' .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	she reluctantly gave me the owners name .
0	_num_ .
1	poor customer service for the owner !
0	and when the dessert came it was ice cold and solid as a rock .
1	`` she is on thin ice with the owner who is right there .
0	there is an ok number of beers on tap .
1	the owner of this place is probably clueless of what goes on here .
0	the food is n't terrible , either , but it 's not great .
1	truly wish the previous owners would come back .
0	needless to say , none of us finished our food .
1	owner takes no responsibility for ruining clothing .
0	it was just inedible .
1	avoid this location and its owner .
0	it is appalling to see what that place has become .
1	the owner clearly has no idea how to cut curly hair .
0	i really ca n't imagine what could be making it so slow here .
1	owner yelling at employees in front of customers !
0	worst customer service ever !
1	unprofessional when owner says go to hell to a customer asking for refund !
0	avoid at all costs -- inefficient beyond belief .
1	the owners should be ashamed .
0	we left einstein 's because it was crowded .
1	if i was the owner of this shop i would fire that employee immediately .
0	and i would n't have minded if the food had been amazing .
1	_num_ ) the owner is pushy .
0	noisy , dirty , poorly renovated and the worst customer service known to man .
1	i talked to the service manager and even the owner .
0	i would n't come here for anything .
1	the owner is very pretentious and rude .
0	well sports rock failed on all accounts .
1	all new staff and no records from the previous owners .
0	also they were not that tender .
1	everyone ( including eric , the owner ) were friendly and helpful .
0	on a tuesday night , there was a long wait .
1	i had a very unpleasant experience with the owner of this business today .
0	i am extremely disappointed and will never order or recommend them for anything !
1	pet owners beware .
0	horrible service .
1	she apologized and said jim the owner would be in touch with me .
0	they are not concerned with quality of courtesy services ie shuttle and breakfast .
1	even wrote the owner a letter which was never acknowledged .
0	_num_ sides came out late .
1	tip for the owners this is america , not china .
0	i was _num_ minutes early for the bus i was trying to catch .
1	margarita the owner was not helpful to my needs !
0	i did n't have an issue with the place or the other patrons .
1	the owner has to be the problem .
0	big disappointment ... try the hilton .
1	becky was the original owner but has sold the business .
0	then the stack was topped with whipped cream .
1	the owner has a complete disregard for customers and the customer experience .
0	not impressed .
1	ever since the new owners bought it this place has gone to hell !
0	ugly .
1	the owner gave that table to a local group who showed up after us .
0	the bleu cheese dressing , though , tasted pretty good .
1	owner on the phone and did n't even acknowledge the customer .
0	but she said no , we absolutely could not order ice cream separately .
1	they told me it was it was because i was booking with the owner .
0	i was excited about dining at this place before _num_ minutes of frustration .
1	i am in hopes the owners eventually make me want to return .
0	none of the three ever tried to assist .
1	the owner is a rude jerk and could care less about the customers .
0	however , lots of seats since the place was empty .
1	owner is a liar and does n't care about doing things right .
0	avis customer service says we have to wait _num_ hours .
1	we spoke with the owner eric and he said that was not true .
0	there was no one filling up water .
1	_num_ ) $ _num_ tip even though the owner is the server .
0	go figure cooked , but cold .
1	rude owners and bad food .
0	they are completely mean and disrespectful .
1	we even heard the owner go out back and scream !
0	the cleanliness of the bathrooms is less than desirable .
1	first off , i think the show got to the owner 's head !
0	terrible .
1	the owner is different now and the new menu sucks !
0	everything ready in _num_ seconds because it sat under a heat lamp .
1	owner says i am not cajun .
0	terrible customer service !
1	what made all of this even worse was the owner was a total jerk .
0	sadly , they just are n't .
1	i assume he was the owner because he said `` my company '' .
0	mediocre at best .
1	husband and wife owners could be friendlier .
0	i will never go there again , and i recommend you do n't either .
1	the owner is n't as nice as other reviewers said .
0	it was topped with an olive and a mini pickle ... odd .
1	then , they changed owner and food quality is not as good anymore .
0	she then starts up the stairs and says `` no go upstairs . ''
1	the original owner and his wife are no longer working or cooking there .
0	could someone have asked us if we wanted a drink ?
1	owner is rude & does n't handle customers well .
0	service was rough .
1	as chance would have it , the owner gary was around .
0	the following week , they would call me back .
1	the owners are awful people .
0	you ca n't mess it up ) .
1	the owners do nothing to attempt fixing it up .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	the staff was super nice about it and the owner did n't charge me .
0	i got the lobster roll and was really disappointed .
1	how funny the owners name is `` mike s '' !
0	the attempt at adding flavor came with the chipotle mayo and sour cream .
1	so disgusted by the female owner .
0	i feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole .
1	the owner wendy is completely rude and treats you like crap .
0	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
1	but it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment .
0	this experience was not worth the beautiful dresses .
1	that would never have happened with the prior owner .
0	unfortunately i do n't know what happened ?
1	she understood but it was the owners call .
0	he just put it on the bill .
1	this place is dirty , the owner is miserable and the food is terrible .
0	one week later i call , not ready .
1	very disappointed that the original owners are n't there anymore .
0	it 's never cold , never .
1	before i go on the owners and staff are all pretty awesome .
0	for both sandwiches , the bread used was extremely bland and borderline stale .
1	owner is very unprofessional and does n't care about his customers .
0	first bite the crust was almost raw , dense , and way too chewy .
1	the owner thinks he 's a _num_ star chef .
0	my silver was even wrapped in torn linens !
1	please tell me the owners are not really greek .
0	the worst of our experience ?
1	it 's obvious the owners are strictly in business for the money .
0	if i had not already paid for the food , i would have left .
1	the owners do not care about the children .
0	worst run business in the free world .
1	the owner is missing , and the phone is not working .
0	overcooked and dry , dry , dry .
1	update : sean the owner helped to get me a full refund .
0	the only thing worse than the food is the service .
1	both the cashier and the owner would not give me their names .
0	it 's slow , portions are smaller and the staff is terrible .
1	he is very unprofessional and the owner called me an idiot .
0	i was unable to comfortably eat for approx .
1	very sad that there are people out there taking advantage of per owners .
0	the store itself seemed really outdated and stinky .
1	i also purchased a small jar of pesto recommended by the owner .
0	ca n't recommend the place .
1	the owner called me to apologize .
0	i wish i did n't have to give even _num_ star .
1	the owners of the other dogs were not notified .
0	he did n't make a comment but i thought , rude .
1	they were rude and not sorry at all , even the owner .
0	this is the worst hibachi i have ever had .
1	no idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way .
0	i do n't return on principle .
1	owner and employee alike no manners and nasty .
0	all of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go .
1	the owner is rude and clearly they are unsanitary .
0	first off , i like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible .
1	i had cindy , she may be the owner .
0	we 've been there twice and witnessed one fight per night .
1	i wish i could reach out to the owner !
