0	i went back to the counter to find a different manager .
1	no phone call either .
0	and they did n't seem too concerned about my complaint .
1	again , i called their office multiple times before someone answered the phone .
0	_num_ .
1	hold the phone , this is n't what i ordered .
0	that 's _num_ % .
1	you ca n't reach a person on the phone .
0	poor customer service !
1	f this establishment and the idiot that answered the phone .
0	add on : the wifi is awful .
1	for some odd reason , local aaa offices dont post their phone number online ?
0	do n't you care about your reputation and good name ?
1	update : i received a very much appreciated phone call from the owner today .
0	2nd experience , today , equally as awful .
1	they have not returned my phone calls or emails .
0	horrible experience .
1	he told me it would cost me _num_ to fix the phone .
0	rude !
1	they never answer their phone and they hardly speak english .
0	the only thing i found good was the plain rice .
1	then he would stand there continuing on his phone .
0	but the clams casino were inedible .
1	they refuse to come to the phone .
0	at times we could barely hear ourselves think , let alone hear each other .
1	the front desk clerk would not get off the phone .
0	again , stale and moldy .
1	it would take _num_ min tops to just switch the phone and pay .
0	she slowly responded `` yeah '' hardly looking up .
1	they are condescending especially the person at the baseline office that answers the phones .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	i returned immediately and was told i would receive a phone call from them .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	transfer _num_ , to the phone representative ( again ) !
0	i threw my mean in the garbage .
1	whoever answers the phone here is pretty rude , as well .
0	it 's an embarrassment on walnut .
1	he made me wait , taking phone call after phone call in another room .
0	every time we go here , we come out highly stressed , which sucks .
1	that was at 8am it 's now 6pm and no phone call back .
0	food was mediocre as well .
1	so they are charging you $ _num_ to make a phone call .
0	i really do n't know how this place stays open .
1	train your phone reps or tell me to simply look elsewhere .
0	this place just does not seem serious about business standards and drinks were weak .
1	the lady on the phone said it was not an issue .
0	worst customer service .
1	this is true , i believe i saved around $ _num_ on the phone .
0	sorry , i grew up in pgh .
1	you also used pay phones because you did n't have a cell phone .
0	it all snapped into place for me one day recently .
1	later that night the manager blows up my phone to get paid of course .
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	this piece of shit place does n't even answer the phone .
0	the wild boar ravioli tasted fine , but the presentation was seriously lacking .
1	i went back in person again - was again promised a phone call .
0	not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff .
1	the person on the phone needs to learn how to communicate better .
0	maybe i just got an old cake , i do n't know .
1	my phone is broken and ca n't turn on !
0	they had _num_ hostess up front doing nothing and did n't even greet us .
1	problem is , they do n't answer the phone at the store .
0	eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp .
1	the girl i spoke to on the phone , offered to tow our truck .
0	she refused , and again tried to place the blame on me .
1	i showed an associate a picture of ace brand grass seed in my phone .
0	this was a mistake .
1	i could hear courtney laughing and they covered the phone .
0	the employees are nice but i get the sense it 's managed terribly .
1	my moms phone just would n't turn on this morning .
0	that 's not how it 's done in philly .
1	they need to upgrade and build areas where you can charge your phone .
0	i think i chose wrong .
1	terrible phone and customer service .
0	very disappointed .
1	no phone call to inform me .
0	sometimes i ate there _num_ or _num_ times a month .
1	the lady on the phone was confusing and frustrating to talk to .
0	i was not even acknowledged .
1	horrible customer service and terribly rude over the phone .
0	i 've been going to this bar randomly over the last _num_ years .
1	as soon as i hung up the phone , the food was delivered .
0	_num_ stars for being cheap and delivering .
1	do n't answer the phone like everything is the same .
0	an expensive mess .
1	and he 's particularly rude on the phone .
0	i start work at _num_ am .
1	person on the phone said they do not take reservations .
0	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
1	why the hell did you answer the phone you idiot ?
0	for $ _num_ plus delivery ?
1	i have only had my i phone _num_ for _num_ months , already broken !
0	also they do not take credit or debit cards .
1	after a few phone calls later , no shirts , no suits .
0	the _num_ of us got to bar louie at 8:30 .
1	too bad the man who answers the phone was rude as all heck .
0	it 's not .
1	wanted nothing to do with me since all i needed was a phone case .
0	but that should be explained by the waitstaff when someone orders the meal !
1	do not get cox phone service .
0	price is not bad .
1	one time i was picking someone up - had them on the cell phone .
0	_num_ .
1	my wife has made multiple phone calls only to have one returned .
0	terrible customer service !
1	then my phone rings and it 's the previous man calling back ... again .
0	but it was n't just the knowledge of the menu .
1	owner on the phone and did n't even acknowledge the customer .
0	ok , i get it , your busy .
1	... not answering the phone .
0	the kids menu was quite pathetic and expensive !
1	ok on the phone but rude and unhelpful in person .
0	i wish i would have taken a picture .
1	losing a patients phone number ?
0	i am sorry to say i did not get it .
1	that salesman we liked has a difficult time returning phone calls now too .
0	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
1	horrible rude snotty phone dispatch .
0	i would not revisit the westin convention center .
1	the woman who answers the phone is kinda rude .
0	honesty today must have been forgotten .
1	over crowded tiny gates with no place to sit or charge a phone .
0	unfortunately the reality did n't match the idea of the burger .
1	however , we have issues every time we place an order by phone .
0	there are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money .
1	the phones are always busy if you wish to not talk at a machine .
0	they were pretty terrible .
1	no phone call ever received .
0	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
1	no phone call from them after the initial assessment at 2pm .
0	do n't expect great performances here , expect a talked up mediocre performance .
1	they never bothered to come back to the phone for _num_ minutes !
0	i went here to fix a bad hair cut at the last minute .
1	it took _num_ weeks and _num_ minutes on the phone to get my refund .
0	i attended the sushi class on monday night .
1	first the phone call to the office was less than desired .
0	way too rich to finish .
1	never said a word never put down her phone .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	the first call my phone died after _num_ minutes on hold .
0	this place is dirty and the coffee is horrible .
1	manager on the phone could only say i 'm sorry that it happened .
0	in all honesty i would 've rather had five guys or in-n-out burgers .
1	the hostess who took my order on the phone was very rude .
0	its not like she got nothing out of it !
1	it was difficult booking the appt on the phone because she could n't spell .
0	i feel like i 'm in line for a bad carnival ride !
1	could they possibly have anyone more unfriendly answer the phone ?
0	the young man who greeted me seemed a little turned off by my coupon .
1	do not give these guys your real phone number !
0	you 're paying like $ _num_ a night for no soap .
1	on the phone he offered me a full refund ( $ _num_ ) .
0	this is the worst .
1	had to reset whole phone to pull all my info in .
0	no desk , no real work surface but an oversized tv tray .
1	my phone was worthless .
0	sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick .
1	very few outlets so tough to charge up computers and phones .
0	the coffee maker is disgusting and smells .
1	impossible to reach by phone .
0	the old woman was not nice .
1	i called their phone number and i got an answering machine .
0	so no , no thank you .
1	my phone quit , thought maybe it was the battery .
0	the whole burger just tasted like nothing .
1	waited _num_ minutes for my damn free phone .
0	no host and the bartender asked if we were going to eat .
1	when she got back to the table the phone and the tip was gone .
0	the salesperson walked away and proceed to start helping other customers .
1	the worst cell phone experience of my life .
0	service was mediocre but the food was poor .
1	girl who answered the phone seemed lost and requested we be place on hold .
0	i could barely pick the shrimp out because the sauce was that gross .
1	extremely rude and condescending over the phone .
0	the worst everything .
1	as i walked away , i looked at my phone .
0	i had my _num_ year old with me and i 'm _num_ weeks pregnant .
1	_num_ days later , phone call comes in , insurance doesnt cover me there .
0	they left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich !
1	they are also very unorganized and do not return phone calls .
0	i 've been wanting to stop in here for the longest time .
1	after the phone call she said i was not covered by vision insurance .
0	she was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong .
1	unable to catch phone calls , text , emails basically anything .
0	server was prompt getting to the table , took our order and then disappeared .
1	no phone call , no e-mail , nothing .
0	i would n't recommend it .
1	my next phone , i will buy online .
0	ridiculous .
1	the phone call did not go well .
0	i hated it !
1	they talked on the phone the next day and he was extremely rude .
0	leftovers .
1	the hostess answering the phone was rude as well .
0	not worth the bucks .
1	was told that i need the app and the phone was n't with me .
0	thee buffalo chicken sandwich had no lettuce or tomato on it .
1	disgusting phone etiquette and completely appalling .
0	i rarely give bad reviews , but this was a pretty horrible food experience .
1	on a previous trip , they stole my husbands phone charger .
0	it was very , very bad .
1	probably could have upgraded my phone .
0	the miso soup was barely average .
1	she of course proceeds to charge me as if that phone called never happened .
0	i ordered it without lettuce , tomato , onions , or dressing .
1	no phone call the day before , no apology , nothing .
0	food came slow and was cold .
1	they confirmed my reservation on the phone .
0	most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
1	it 's completely empty and nobody is answering the phone or emails either .
0	the food is only okay .
1	staff on the phone was very short and unpleasant .
0	this is not a place that a neighborhood should support .
1	the phone purchasing process and service was fine ( explaining the _num_ stars ) .
0	i probably will not return .
1	the stylist was _num_ min late to the appointment we made over the phone .
0	it 's awful and we wo n't be going back .
1	the staff who answered the phone informed me the dentist was n't there .
0	everything else we had sucked .
1	ordering over the phone , everything seemed to go well .
0	on most visits it takes em about _num_ minutes .
1	the folks on the phone are incredibly rude .
0	my pet 's annual visit was over well $ _num_ .
1	_num_ battery in the tv remote and the phone did n't work .
0	so , i 've tried this place _num_ times and that was enough .
1	i got transferred without notice ... then nicole answers the phone .
0	worst fast food i 've ever been to .
1	they could barely be bothered to talk on the phone .
0	we did n't have a problem taking it to go .
1	not enthusiastic when answering the phone at night .
0	i could n't understand why people raving about it too much .
1	i did not want that phone again .
0	this place is trashy .
1	confusion on the phone over what they did or did n't have available .
0	the waitress who seemed to be rushed did not offer any recommendations .
1	at _num_ am and two phone calls , still no coffee .
0	the only fast service was for the drinks and cornbread .
1	wo n't take credit cards over the phone .
0	the prices here can be ridiculous .
1	i , like most people , do not answer `` unknown '' phone numbers .
0	not very impressed with my last two trips here .
1	this second associate answered three phone calls before beginning to ring me out .
0	would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
1	no one answered the phone during business hours .
0	the waitresses were extremely fast , except for coffee refills .
1	the walls are thin - i could hear my neighbor on the phone .
0	i also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink .
1	there was not a single knock or a phone call .
0	i hate this place .
1	no phone call or a notice to inform us .
0	the filling in the middle had a bland taste , nothing special about it .
1	i checked my phone right there , no missed calls .
0	the store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere .
1	shopped around on the phone with several valley hd dealerships .
0	the rating is not for the appetizer , like i said things happen .
1	called to check on an item , guy who answered the phone was rude .
0	_num_ .
1	the phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door .
0	hostess was very awkward when seating us .
1	the driver was great , to bad he does n't answer the phone .
0	owner is a terrible terrible person .
1	if you need help over the phone it is even worse .
0	my appetizer was cajun shrimp , which was way over seasoned .
1	if they get your phone number you 're toast .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	horrible horrible service on the phone .
0	massage but still had a _num_ hr .
1	two weeks later , no phone call , so i called them .
0	Negative
1	terrible phone customer service !
0	boring .
1	the person on the phone was very rude and short .
0	unfortunately , it appears to be very poorly managed .
1	made numerous phone calls and emails saying the problem was being addressed .
0	it was generous for the `` _num_ scoop '' order .
1	we ordered the food over the phone and it was ready in _num_ minutes .
0	i was planning to go again but not anymore .
1	i then picked up my phone and walked out , never to return again .
0	delivery came somewhat cold , extremely bland .
1	the woman who answered the phone offered me a special price of $ _num_ .
0	we had reservations for _num_ people at 7pm this past saturday .
1	she was answering phones and scheduling appointments while working on my nails .
0	lobby bar staff was unfriendly .
1	i also had to wait a few days to get my phone .
0	came back and dropped them off and left again .
1	no phone call this time .
0	the issue was how grossly understaffed they were .
1	some rude nasty woman answers the phone !
0	horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts .
1	i arrived at the restaurant estimated ready time stated during our phone order .
0	service was terrible .
1	as i searched for my phone i realized i had forgotten it at home .
0	very rude and once they get paid have no ethics .
1	the phone call lasted all of _num_ seconds .
0	everything tasted like nothing .
1	i also included my phone number and asked for the manager to call me .
0	i would give this place a _num_ star if i could !
1	he also ask why i did not buy my phone from them .
0	the bathroom was gross .
1	the problem is with the people who answer the phone .
0	we waited fifteen or so minutes , the shots were consumed , etc .
1	was pleasantly greeted on the phone and my order was taken down promptly .
0	sadly i can not support a business that provides such poor service .
1	letter and phone call got me nowhere .
0	this represents a real problem for the city .
1	u could tell the guy who answered the phone was pissed off .
0	service is lacking and food is mediocre .
1	went into the store a month ago because my phone was n't working .
0	_num_ .
1	i have complained to the management thru phone , and email with no response .
0	this was the worst service and experience i have ever received !
1	as i walked in the store , the counter guy was on the phone .
0	literally , anywhere .
1	the phone was answered and i simply asked : do you carry time magazine ?
0	this mcdonalds is straight crap .
1	the woman who answered the phone said yes to both so i rushed over .
0	i called ahead to order a gyro calzone and was told _num_ minutes .
1	adam said they canceled the order after i did n't pick up the phone .
0	this place has gone significantly down hill .
1	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction .
0	nothing raw , nothing green , nothing fresh , not even as an ingredient .
1	monday , no phone call all day .
0	he obviously did n't care at all .
1	sucks as a phone .
0	i 'm glad i took my money elsewhere .
1	i was there to upgrade _num_ phone as well .
0	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
1	no phone call .
0	their service was horrible and i would never go to any rock bottom !
1	still the general manager has not returned a phone call or a text message .
0	would not go back and would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	the owner is missing , and the phone is not working .
0	they need to be cleaning this dirty restaurant .
1	and again naturally , no return phone call .
0	it was fried tofu in soy sauce with red pickled chinese chilli .
1	their customer service reps on the phone were terrible as well .
0	ca n't handle basic cleanliness then this is not a place to eat at .
1	it just so happens that the office 's phone lines are down .
0	i dunno .
1	worst experience on the phone with customer service ever !
0	the meat was very dry and falling apart but not over cooked .
1	absolute worst service over phone .
0	the only thing with an aroma in this place was the tomato sauce .
1	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
0	needless to say , we were unable to take advantage of any specials .
1	the dumb girl who answered the phone says `` no .
0	poor , slow service .
1	went to the restaurant at the time i hung up the phone .
0	ridiculous .
1	never gives total over the phone .
0	i really do n't have much desire to go here !
1	changing my phone plan was nothing less then torture .
0	worst chinese food i 've ever had .
1	now my phone is coming _num_ weeks later than before .
0	i will never go there again , and i recommend you do n't either .
1	after the situation over the phone my grandma picked up the dress .
0	the shrimp does n't have any flavor and just tastes like grease .
1	when it was our turn he handed phone to the person .
0	i am paying almost _num_ bucks for this sub .
1	when you are providing a service to someone , stay off the phone .
0	awful place with rude people .
1	absolutely terrible service to have a phone system like this .
0	heavy and bland .
1	the front staff was so rude on the phone .
0	no potatoes or any other filling except a few peas .
1	she kept answering the phone even though others were there .
0	i do n't think i 'm being harsh .
1	been there , done that - no one answered the phone when i called .
0	the prices are too high for the quality .
1	still waiting on more phone calls to be returned .
0	i ordered the seabass and it really was n't anything spectacular .
1	does he never look left when he answers the phone ?
0	as for my mushroom and cheese omelette , the cheese was lacking .
1	they were slow , took several breaks , answered phone calls , ect .
0	the wedding soup was the worst i have ever had .
1	couple weeks later , no phone call .
0	but it 's soooooo bland !
1	the cashier was not very nice on the phone or in person .
0	summary : very noisy , terrible service .
1	the female who answers the phone for cactus garage doors was just as unprofessional .
0	it was loud and crowded .
1	i spent over two hours waiting for my phone to wipe .
0	both were very dry and lacked flavor .
1	he would get off his phone when someone walked in .
0	this was the worst customer service i have encountered in awhile .
1	she went to a computer and did stuff and even made a phone call .
0	the food quality does n't match the place at all .
1	now suddenly i have to pay _num_ more to get my phone back !
0	down the street is a better option - wish they were open for lunch .
1	no phone call , no e mail , no show !
0	she served us our drinks then immediately left for another table .
1	they will not communicate with a simple phone call .
0	also , i had ordered a fried pickle appetizer .
1	big surprise , no phone call !
0	the bread was cheap and tasteless .
1	every phone i used reached my phone .
0	the menu lists them as including jalapeno , but there was no heat whatsoever .
1	especially the person who answers the phone , she is just downright rude .
0	no wine glasses or anything to make the table look pretty .
1	i made an order over the phone for a _num_ oz .
