0	the deserts were ok but the creme brulee was bland in the extreme .
1	cheese sticks were under cooked , the pizza was extremely greasy .
0	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
1	the pizza was flavorless and the crust tasted like cardboard .
0	so now i have a very sick kitten on my hands .
1	the pizza , the calamari , the pasta .
0	the chicken fajita was over cooked , dry , and charred .
1	all it would have take n was a new pizza and wings .
0	most places allow return of items within _num_ days , even if a mattress .
1	worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	ordered my pizza tonight via website .
0	total time spent _num_ hour for a $ _num_ drink .
1	cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza ?
0	massage but still had a _num_ hr .
1	some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
0	then , they did n't even do anything to make it up to me .
1	service was good but probably the worse pizza i 've ever had .
0	as for me , i do n't think i 'll be back .
1	i tasted the pizza and the crust was undercooked and burnt on the edges .
0	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
1	my night was ruined thanks to this pizza hut .
0	it is very dense and flavorless with no crunch at all .
1	it looked like microwaved pizza and it tasted terrible , cardboard like .
0	_num_ minutes of discussion for $ _num_ worth of food ?
1	i had a pizza and it was quite bland .
0	ca n't understand the big secret about that one .
1	our pizza was mushy and undercooked .
0	plus they have the worst presentation ever !
1	the pizza was n't bad , but it was n't great either .
0	_num_ ) the portions are small !
1	it took another _num_ minutes before he actually got the pizza .
0	none at all .
1	this pizza is mediocre at best .
0	the staff i dealt with could not have cared less about helping me .
1	all in all this pizza just sucks .
0	the really really low point of the meal was the desert .
1	so , better pizza ?
0	my reuben sandwich was just okay .
1	pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
0	never going back .
1	this was just bad pizza .
0	worst customer service and business model i have ever seen .
1	after almost an hour of waiting , i still had no pizza .
0	i 've complained numerous times but it never does any good .
1	worse than store freezer pizza .
0	so he ca n't bother with mine .
1	both the pizza and the breadsticks are not the quality i used to .
0	meat was dry under seasoned and luke warm .
1	if you are going to order something , i would go with the pizza .
0	the auto show was a disappointment .
1	but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
0	every dish had several things wrong with it .
1	the pizza was n't that good either .
0	their service is a hot mess !
1	we had pizza there the other night and i could taste the freezer burn .
0	if only they could train their employees better .
1	took _num_ hours for one pizza to be delivered .
0	i had the pasta trio .
1	no pizza , no call .
0	it 's _num_ or _num_ bucks now after _num_ .
1	people seem to like their pizza , so maybe go with that .
0	i do n't eat seafood often so i would n't know .
1	i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	the pizza was just ok .
0	awkward .
1	she also split a small mushroom pizza with my dad which was above average .
0	i really hate this place .
1	wrong pizza was delivered .
0	service was just awful .
1	i would n't order a pizza from them again .
0	cash only is really customer friendly as well .
1	the worst pizza i have had .
0	however , be sure to ask for a tour and see the space .
1	place was dirty and the worst pizza ever .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	i only gave them _num_ stars because the pizza itself was pretty good .
0	while it was ok , it was n't great .
1	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
0	i was tired , packed bags , and waiting to get to the airport .
1	wise guys is your typical off beat pizza shop .
0	if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
1	this was some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
0	yep , this place is terrible .
1	as late as it was , there was no offer to comp the pizza .
0	ok , i did , and i stopped eating .
1	i am torn on this late night pizza joint .
0	could someone have asked us if we wanted a drink ?
1	i told my server that the pizza was n't good .
0	people were sat after us and have already received food .
1	the pizzas my husband and i ordered were mediocre .
0	it looked like a child had done it .
1	sorry , pizza pit staff .
0	this place was horrible .
1	but their pizza was remarkably terrible .
0	the concept is just so olive garden .
1	we also ordered the `` incredible white pizza '' which was incredibly cold .
0	supposedly there was a computer error with our food .
1	i should have stayed home and made pizza myself .
0	at this point , my patience are very thin .
1	our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
0	imho that 's ridiculous .
1	my daughter ordered a pizza that was a warmed up frozen pizza .
0	crappy 's is more like it ... sorry i could not resist !
1	you may want to consider having the pizza delivered .
0	but apparently , mama has left the kitchen .
1	this is the worst pizza store in charlotte .
0	the drinks are very expensive but that 's every bar louie .
1	the pizza crust tasted like pizza hut .
0	thai tea was no bueno .
1	the pizza , even when plain , is very greasy .
0	the only downfall was their delivery time .
1	then , my brother got the prosciutto and arugula pizza .
0	major disappointment !
1	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
0	all i have to say is get your crap together .
1	i 've tried a lot of pizza places and this is so bad .
0	i only gave them _num_ star because _num_ was n't an option .
1	the pizza was simply ok .
0	i 'd give only _num_ star , but previous visits were acceptable .
1	i had _num_ pieces of pepperoni on an entire large pizza .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	was told it would be _num_ minutes for a small pizza and wings .
0	our entrees , dessert and coffee all came out at different times .
1	the pizza was really greasy , and the bacon was minimal .
0	looks and taste both scored a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
0	my overall point is just be careful working with them .
1	the pizza is what you expect , nothing better than ok .
0	i 'm sorry but what is the big deal ?
1	update - went back another time and the pizza was mediocre at best .
0	our server was attentive , almost to a fault .
1	terrible pizza .
0	plus , cold rude staff .
1	their pizza is gross .
0	the food is not that great .
1	the pizza is just ok .
0	came here after a _num_ 1/2 drive expecting the best sandwich i ever had .
1	this pizza hut is not a top choice , but ok in a pinch .
0	no chop sticks or soy sauce unless you ask for it .
1	also the pizza was bad .
0	so - they 've lost a customer - a platinum customer .
1	what was worse was the pizza was just average .
0	this is about _num_ minutes after i arrived .
1	never ordering from pizza hut again .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	delivered wrong pizza .
0	i am sorry to say that this place still stinks .
1	crust tasted like frozen pizza crust .
0	it 's all cheap but that 's not reason to be terrible .
1	$ _num_ and we both left and ate pizza .
0	the place was much less noisy and crowded at my second visit .
1	if you want terrible pizza go here .
0	since the changes its just awful .
1	sorry , but our pizza was cold .
0	cool sports bar , pool tables and ample flat screens .
1	i really like the pizza and marinated vegetables .
0	go to the original pancake house about _num_ minutes away for a better breakfast .
1	when we finally got the pizza , it was not hot .
0	food was mediocre as well .
1	the pizza was cut all messed up as well .
0	i called to order contacts and they were utterly confused .
1	i got a medium _num_ topping and this pizza was very bland to me .
0	it is not safe for kids !
1	dude , this pizza is gross .
0	the drive thru is flat out dangerous .
1	will probably not go back except perhaps to try the pizza .
0	tables were dirty .
1	very unhelpful service and pizzas always arrive 20-30 mins after time given on order .
0	their televisions could be called outdated ... at best .
1	while others walked out with their pizzas loaded .
0	_num_ minutes later , we were done .
1	the pizza was horrible !
0	bland and soggy as we 've ever tasted .
1	if it was about the pizza you were n't getting it back .
0	lot _num_ is ultimately a forgettable lunch destination .
1	ended up throwing half the pizza out because it just tasted so bad .
0	such a waste of time .
1	it should n't take more than an hour to make and deliver a pizza .
0	the salad dressing was tasteless , the jumbo shrimp was under cooked and chewy .
1	who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
0	nothing special about this place .
1	shared fries , fried potstickers , pizza and chicken tenders .
0	just do n't expect fantastic korean bbq .
1	the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
0	ridiculous .
1	is sad because the pizza is great but the service is horrible !
0	which the bench under the tv is an absolutely terrible idea !
1	i waited _num_ hour and _num_ minutes for my pizza to be delivered .
0	i ai n't going back where they treat customers like that .
1	the pizza at this place is o.k .
0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	pizza , sandwiches , beer , what could go wrong ?
0	the food was awful .
1	much better pizza even if they do n't deliver .
0	false advertising at its best -- should n't that be illegal ?
1	better than most chain pizza , it 's ok .
0	limited menu .
1	was going to try the buffalo pizza .
0	_num_ star for food , gross !
1	standard so-so pittsburgh pizza .
0	so disappointed .
1	i had the pizza and it was mediocre at best .
0	red lobster was not the place to be tonight .
1	i arrived home and the pizza was still wrong .
0	plus i did n't feel great !
1	the pizza was not bad .
0	finally on tuesday , i came out to the shop at _num_ am sharp .
1	the pizza was nice and hot , but was mediocre in taste .
0	Neutral
1	personally , i was n't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza .
0	and , most sadly , the cup of coffee was weak .
1	too many decent pizza places in charlotte to settle for this place .
0	at this point i really had to use the restroom .
1	was so excited to get your pizza today .
0	this place is dead , but they just do n't know it yet .
1	i ordered a stuffed ( pie ) pizza for carryout .
0	i fianc gave me a gift card here for my birthday .
1	really do n't get the high praise for their pizza .
0	noisy snow tires in the summer !
1	you do n't even bake the pizza !
0	wow , not so much .
1	there are too many decent pizza delivery places around to settle for this .
0	do n't think the floor has ever been washed .
1	the husband had the bbq chicken pizza .
0	there were _num_ customers ahead of me and _num_ ladies behind the counter .
1	i was craving pizza .
0	the fries were cooked to perfection , but lacked flavor .
1	the pizza was barely warmer than room temperature .
0	my pet 's annual visit was over well $ _num_ .
1	pizza is not anything to write home about , that is for sure .
0	this used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat .
1	this pizza hut is quite possibly the worst service i have ever received .
0	there are about _num_ seating options , _num_ were used all the others empty .
1	i paid over $ _num_ for _num_ large cheese pizzas .
0	i am visiting from california and was very disappointed with the service and food .
1	you 're better off buying a frozen pizza and cooking it your self .
0	plus the bread was poor quality .
1	_num_ tries and still ca n't get a simple pizza order right !
0	nothing special - have no idea why people would rave about this .
1	pizza came , it was ok , but crust was tough .
0	the only thing i will give them credit for their italian wedding soup .
1	how do you mess up a slice of cheese pizza .
0	should try ordering from the menu it might be better .
1	when the pizza finally arrived , it was almost doughy it was so undercooked !
0	the decor is very plain .
1	we used to really like their lasagna and pizza .
0	these place are virtually the same .
1	the food selection is basically wings , burgers and pizza .
0	chicken was slimy .
1	within a month they have messed up _num_ of our pizzas .
0	_num_ were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered _num_ .
1	the pizza was bland , tasteless .
0	do n't worry but i wo n't come close to this restaurant again .
1	the pizza had no feta cheese at all .
0	this place is just not our usual dive bar .
1	the worst service and pizza .
0	i would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat .
1	i like other much cheaper pizza than this .
0	i can only believe it 's because there are no other deli 's downtown .
1	they delivered pizza with the wrong toppings .
0	gross !
1	dirty floor , cardboard pizza .
0	so i had to eat my sides cold .
1	then the other day , we went back and i tried pizza .
0	final verdict : most mediocre wings in town !
1	rude service , and pizza was subpar .
0	mine was just disappointing .
1	possibly the worst pizza i have ever eaten .
0	i ordered the beef vermicelli bowl , one egg roll , one spring roll .
1	ordered two personal size pizzas , spicy fries , fried zucchini & onion rings .
0	if i could give it _num_ stars i would .
1	the pizza was really really greasy .
0	my breakfast burrito tasted like nothing and a our food was cold .
1	my daughter and i ordered my pizza slices to eat in and hers togo .
0	the shrimp were perfectly cooked , though , and i was thankful for that .
1	oven was n't working so no pizzas available .
0	he did the total opposite .
1	i ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushrooms .
0	that does not make me chop liver .
1	but the pizza is much too small for the price .
0	add on : the wifi is awful .
1	duh the pizza was great but this manager should n't work with the public .
0	this place is not worth the price !
1	to me , it 's just your average , run of the mill pizza .
0	i got the beef , the chicken & cilantro and the spinach empanadas .
1	the pizza now is just ok .
0	i handed it to her and walked out .
1	the fries were super soggy and the pizza was pretty flavorless .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	this would n't even qualify as pizza in north jersey .
0	i would not recommend the spring rolls they are kinda bland .
1	female manager on duty asked for $ _num_ in exchange for a pizza .
0	they all look like they hate their job .
1	i appreciated that they put the pizza in the paper bags .
0	this is the second bad experience i 've had at this particular location .
1	i payed $ _num_ for a large cheese pizza .
0	the place is gross !
1	did n't even enjoy the pizza crust .
0	it sits in the warmer cases , and looks `` crusty '' .
1	we ordered wings , bbq chicken pizza ( no onions ) and garlic knots .
0	i really do n't see the hype .
1	my husband ordered the margarita pizza & i ordered the shrimp tacos with rice .
0	cheap , everyone seems to say that .
1	the oven was way too hot for this type of pizza .
0	it does n't make sense .
1	my wife 's cheese pizza was like wet cardboard .
0	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
1	too much cheese on their pizzas , and the customer service is incredibly poor .
0	_num_ .
1	they use some oil which smell different that killed the taste of my pizza .
0	from the other reviews it seems i did n't miss anything .
1	i did not like the pizza .
0	i 'm definitely not coming back .
1	was served freezing cold enchiladas and pizza .
0	this hotel is really dated , and the rooms smell funny .
1	a juicy pizza is not my favorite .
0	but the positives stop there .
1	our pizza was burnt .
0	no personality and did n't make us feel welcome .
1	average pittsburgh pizza and fried stuff pile , nothing special though .
0	she had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for _num_ years .
1	ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
0	i would gladly give less than one star , alas , not possible !
1	sadly , this is the only pizza hut near me .
0	i 'll probably never go back again .
1	this place is below average when it comes to service & pizza 's .
0	this place is overpriced and the service is not good at all .
1	i might not have liked the wood fried pizza .
0	the service was annoying .
1	for the pizza , ugh .
0	never again ... .
1	possibly the worst overpriced pizza there is .
0	worst chinese food in pittsburgh !
1	random pizza toppings on lettuce ) this time around .
0	the pasta was a little undercooked and the sauce was ok .
1	this pizza is not good .
0	do not sit by the windows because it was very cold .
1	worst pizza hut experience ever .
0	as my boyfriend was talking with the cab company , a waitress walked by .
1	today was the worst pizza i have ever had .
0	slow , absolutely the worst .
1	the pizza was n't terrible but it certainly was n't good in my opinion .
0	it is my pet peeve .
1	the pizza bagels were soggy yet burned .
0	when i checked out , the front desk staff was missing .
1	i spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza .
0	but they do n't even seem to have subs .
1	unfortunately at this location i was n't given a chance to get a pizza .
0	so i was in need of a lunch and off to the garden .
1	ate the pizza dry as shit .
0	it also was n't the cleanest place i 've ever seen .
1	seriously the worst pizza hut i 've ever ordered from .
0	however , the last few times we have been there it has been terrible .
1	pizza was good but really expensive .
0	this was the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	fake words aside , this pizza really sucks guys .
0	interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already .
1	the pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible .
0	i would n't even give this place a star for this reason !
1	i may try the pizza but other reviews noted it was pricy .
0	anyway , the food was not very good .
1	it is a white pizza with minimal ingredients except for the lamb skewers .
0	i closed the door and she walked away .
1	horrible management and pizza .
0	just checked it out for the first time .
1	i tried a little of the margherita pizza , and it was not good .
0	the food was terrible .
1	it 's not 5-star , it 's pizza .
0	the waitress was extremely rude .
1	pizza was fine but nothing special .
0	the wonton soup i have to say though was very good .
1	worst pizza i 've had in pittsburgh .
0	maybe they had a bad day .
1	it was one of the worst pizzas i 've ever had .
0	as it were , i was n't impressed .
1	not many people in there tonight so the selection of pizza seemed minimal tonight .
0	worst fast food i 've ever been to .
1	it was just so gross id rather have just ordered pizza .
0	terrible !
1	when order came , plain cheese pizza .
0	nothing special , it is kmart after all .
1	the pizza was pretty bland , despite a hefty helping of oregano .
0	not impressed .
1	the pizza was n't horrible , but the deal was awful .
0	i will never have another mri done there .
1	almost _num_ hours to get a pizza delivered .
0	lo and behold at _num_ minutes it comes out .
1	this `` pizza '' was the worst food i have ever eaten .
0	and i replied , `` no , i 'm sorry .
1	the pizza was just sweet without much other taste , almost like ketchup !
0	no big deal , i would have been happy to help out .
1	i went with two friends to have some drinks and pizza .
0	went here a night during final four ( basket ball ) .
1	a ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza ?
0	way too much hype for such underwhelming food .
1	and the pizza was n't good .
0	everything was overpriced ; drinks , entrees , and dessert .
1	i have a coupon for free _num_ inch pizza when purchasing _num_ inch pizza .
