0	_num_ .
1	the staff acknowledged that my cousin did indeed check into the pool .
0	her ex must have ran , not walked away from her .
1	they do have a fitness center , pool , and a sauna .
0	price was as i expected for a nice looking salon .
1	pool was filthy and lots of missing tile , cracks and leaves in water .
0	slow .
1	the rooms are outdated and the gym / pool area are small .
0	lots of tv 's and ok atmosphere so i will squeeze out _num_ stars .
1	pool was pretty and staff was friendly .
0	they are completely mean and disrespectful .
1	no pool .
0	went to this place for lunch last saturday , party of five .
1	_num_ months later and my pool is in need of repair .
0	you can not pay me money to eat here again .
1	both pools could have been cleaner but were pretty nice .
0	the managers do n't care .
1	scorpions , bugs , and dirty never cleaned community pools .
0	service was fast , but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing .
1	all they are delivering around this pool has been apologies .
0	the food was prompt , and the salad was more than enough to share .
1	it is a huge hole with pool and darts .
0	it was topped with an olive and a mini pickle ... odd .
1	no one bothered to tell us that the pool was out of commission .
0	took over an hour , cost $ _num_ , broke my air filter .
1	we have had a bad experience with california pools on our pool build .
0	the place is just dirty .
1	and we could n't even use the pool .
0	if you have an emergency do not come here .
1	the pool is no longer open _num_ hours either .
0	i booked this hotel stay for a business ( military ) event .
1	and the pool actually looked descent .
0	awful customer service !
1	pool and courtyard very dated .
0	i do n't know if i can ever return to buca .
1	the pool is n't always clean .
0	our drinks were refilled often without being asked .
1	the pool also never had towels .
0	to start off when we walked in the place reeked of piss .
1	-the lobby , fitness center and pool were really nice .
0	i was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat .
1	( pool .
0	very bad service .
1	she told me that they only do new construction of pools .
0	she then went to get our drinks .
1	went to shoot pool and was never offered a drink .
0	the hummus is a little bland .
1	the pool looks like a solution of dead skin and urine .
0	do n't order from this shop if you want a timely delivery .
1	they came out twice within a month to fix our pool .
0	the food is crap .
1	a friend and i stopped by the hotel for a bite by the pool .
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	loaded with cheese that had pools of grease swimming on it .
0	the district manager of this bakery to make sure it does not happen again .
1	the pool was shut down by the county .
0	the food is okay - typical italian fair that could be better seasoned .
1	the hotel room is okay and the pool area is nice .
0	the dough is some of the worst dough i have had yet in pittsburgh .
1	pool and darts and beer no extras .
0	maybe my expectations were just too high , i do n't know .
1	the pool was descent .
0	terrible .
1	this kind of stunk , as pool was the reason we went here .
0	why not ? ''
1	there were literally pools of grease .
0	the steak was so chopped that it kept falling out of the bun .
1	the pool is a bit larger than a six person hot tub .
0	_num_ .
1	besides the awesome pools , the amenities were surely lacking .
0	true , this is n't capital grill , nor was i expecting 5-star service .
1	very poor form , california pools & landscape .
0	their fries are also soggy and gross .
1	do not use this pool company for anything .
0	seared ahi tuna sandwich - _num_ people in our group got this .
1	the pool furniture is dirty , broken , and gross .
0	i 'm not from here , so maybe i do n't share the love .
1	no pedicure , manicure , cabana , pool chair , etc .
0	horrible treatment .
1	no pool !
0	slow , over priced , i 'll go elsewhere next time .
1	i was never given the gate codes to the pool and such .
0	ordered the lobster mac n cheese as an appetizer .
1	they have a pool , a jacuzzi , and a workout room .
0	it was horrible .
1	cool sports bar , pool tables and ample flat screens .
0	the bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion .
1	people smoked around the pool and spa despite kids playing .
0	sadly , this was the last time that she ever came to our table .
1	he showed me the pool , it was pretty standard .
0	this is a very small irish pub .
1	pool is empty & no one knows if it will be refilled .
0	did they use the tea pot as an ash tray ?
1	the pool was super small and cold .
0	maybe i 'm just not the kind of person that likes whole foods .
1	the pool was empty ( no water ) mid may .
0	it was not superior by any means but very nice for the average express .
1	our pool experience was ruined as well .
0	it was awful .
1	it does have a pool , but its a small one .
0	two seconds later , they come to want to clean ?
1	first day we stayed here they shut down pool for dust storm .
0	pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
1	time to drag a crying toddler out of the pool .
0	the pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible .
1	sitting out by the pool today and it sucked .
0	i usually only stop there if i 'm already at tend waterfront .
1	i said ok i have another pool company coming in _num_ hr or so .
0	support local businesses , but make sure they are deserving of your money !
1	steve offered the use of another pool _num_ miles away at another property .
0	there was a long line and only one employee at the checkout .
1	the rep came out to give us a quote on a pool .
0	first off , i kept hearing about these pancakes i got ta try .
1	the idea of having pool league is to have more people spending more money .
0	an hour .
1	dirty pool area and steam room is disgusting .
0	_num_ stars .
1	stopped at the pool bar before even sitting down .
0	we probably wo n't be back any time soon .
1	no swimming pool !
0	our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
1	pool the size of a tub heater broken no jacuzzi !
0	i could n't even taste garlic in it .
1	moms steak was served in a pool of butter and grease .
0	avoid the valet at all costs !
1	the pool was not open again until saturday .
0	the food was awful .
1	the pool was ice cold .
0	when we got to the table , we were hoping for a better experience .
1	bad move taking out pool tables etc .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	the pool area is 24/7 .
0	worst steakhouse experience i have had to date !
1	little view of the pool , _num_ beds , and a door .
0	the soda was flat .
1	the pool was nice but i would compare it to an apartment pool .
0	i absolutely hate this place .
1	the only positive side to my stay was the pool area .
0	otherwise it was _num_ miles .
1	another employee ( security , server , pool attendant not sure ) .
0	the food was n't very good at all .
1	cal pools was one of our worst decisions we 've made .
0	in the mean time my sales rep was fired apparently .
1	has a nice pool snack shack - but this was not opened .
0	this place is popular , but it is just is not for me !
1	pool is ok but hot tub was way to cold .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	trash blowing all over cups and garbage in the pool .
0	do n't believe i will be returning here unless it 's free !
1	restrooms are questionable as well as swimming pool , sauna and worst steam room .
0	egg rolls , wonton soup were not good .
1	anyone could just walk right up to that empty pool and fall in .
0	i never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members .
1	also , there was a dead cat in the pool area with kids around .
0	another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff !
1	food service around pool could offer better options .
0	i 'm weird like that .
1	there is also only _num_ pool there with super uncomfortable chairs around it .
0	the pizza was n't bad , but it was n't great either .
1	come for pool and drinks , leave when you get hungry .
0	ok , i did , and i stopped eating .
1	that was $ _num_ bucks before even stepping foot in the pool .
0	the sauce that was served with it did n't do much to save it .
1	* two pool tables .
0	their food is gross and i 've seen nice running around in there .
1	the amenities ( pool , fitness room , etc . )
0	the place was mostly empty .
1	should have paid more for my pool fence .
0	this guy is out of control its definitely something wrong with him .
1	the only positive was the roof deck with the pool .
0	seriously , avoid this place .
1	i 'm not talking bad about the pool , just stating what i experienced .
0	never again will i go to this location .
1	you can go out to this little balcony to see the pool .
0	in a very rude voice .
1	pool is pitiful thats y they dont even mention they have one .
0	they should n't even call it italian food .
1	upon entering the pool our bags were searched for alcohol .
0	i 'd recommend stopping in another giant eagle if you can .
1	the pool and jacuzzi did not look very clean either .
0	these people are totally incompetent .
1	the only saving grace about this place was the pool .
0	come now , i barely drink alcohol .
1	well apparently the pool is no longer _num_ hours !
0	_num_ .
1	the people work in the store do n't have knowledge about pool .
0	the food is n't terrible , either , but it 's not great .
1	gym and the pool are nasty and never working .
0	overpriced , shitty food and drinks .
1	bonus pool ?
0	typical diner look and menu .
1	so its probably a walking fest pool _num_ % of the year .
0	the crab cake sandwich is well prepared but from rotten crab .
1	the fitness room and pool are dirty , small and a tad gross too .
0	they topped off my coolant for free and changed my oil .
1	_num_ pool table .
0	olive garden seems like fine dining compared to this place .
1	pool area very plain .
0	it was disgusting .
1	the pool is very small , but intimate .
0	thumbs down !
1	the guys shooting pool were no joke either !
0	i end up picking half of my sandwich apart .
1	beautiful setting but horrible service especially at the pool .
0	they did n't even cover up all of my roots !
1	another issue i have had is the pool .
0	no acknowledgement when we arrive .
1	the pool does not include a hot tub .
0	we need more irish pubs and local old time watering holes .
1	worst pool store service ever !
0	do n't expect any help when things get ruined .
1	going on _num_ weeks for a basic play pool ?
0	waited 15-20 minutes for service and it is not busy .
1	not that we would have used it , but the pool was closed .
0	will never stop here again .
1	needless to say , the pool and spa are closed often because of this .
0	these folks are not honest and just want you out of there quickly .
1	the food in the pool area is mediocre .
0	and there 's hardly any tables to sit at .
1	however , for the longest time the back pool was closed !
0	they also have fake sales .
1	we ultimately chose california pools because of their salesman .
0	ugly .
1	heated pool , big deal can crash a local resort hotel for that .
0	i wasted my money , and i will never , ever go back there .
1	sorry i put my corona on the pool table .
0	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
1	pool did not work .
0	it was n't very crowded , so we were seated right away .
1	the pools are okay , to many brats by the volleyball pool area .
0	at our table and then left prior to ordering .
1	suggest bring a cooler or just book another hotel ; no ambience at pool .
0	no one seems to know how the public transportation system works .
1	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
0	probably not .
1	the place is old and smelly and the pool bar not appetizing !
0	for starters , the place is sorely outdated .
1	the hotel was clean , but the pool looked a bit gross .
0	from the food to the prices , you could n't find better .
1	pool area was disgusting .
0	it was dry , not at all crispy , and had no flavor .
1	# _num_ one pool is ice cold .
0	total waste .
1	spent _num_ hours at the pool with friends .
0	it varies bus by bus , time of day , and more .
1	the pool area was filthy dirty .
0	the mashed potatoes were great , everyone agreed on that .
1	pool , expensive video games , air hockey ) .
0	i know , you say , how can one possibly have too much cheese .
1	should n't the front desk know if the pool is open ?
0	if your seeking genuine medical attention i would strongly suggest another facility .
1	_num_ pool was closed and the other was not so great .
0	i have eaten here before and never had any problems .
1	i am stuck playing on these tables for pool league .
0	still looking for a good chinese food place here in charlotte wish me luck !
1	i selected swimming pool service and repair based on yelp reviews .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	they had a wave pool , a lazy river and some slides .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	pool dirty with leaves and sticks .
0	my husband said , i 'm looking for some dress shirts and pants .
1	the pool tables are fine but the customer service is ridiculous .
0	unless she is really trying to take over the olive garden market .
1	no pool , shower was stopped up , and tv only worked occasionally .
0	i explained to her that this has been going on for weeks .
1	i have also had a horrible experience with desert springs pools .
0	if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating .
1	is your pool not quite what you 'd like it to be ?
0	so i decide to try a coffee tree for once .
1	also the pool area is not _num_ hours , they close at 11pm .
0	for real , wasting money for wrong order !
1	in the place where pool tables once were , are now teppanyaki grills .
0	battered and fried .
1	desert springs pools !
0	nothing fancy -- short on the sides and back , an inch on top .
1	there was no pool meaning it 's probably not a sport .
0	i wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy .
1	they also lock the restroom doors in the pool area .
0	if _num_ stars were possible i 'd give em .
1	the pool is strictly a lap pool .
0	why does this place always smell bad ?
1	pool and spa were also closed a lot because of maintenance .
0	we were starving waiting on our food .
1	there is a crappy little pool of you like being watched by seedy people .
0	i honestly have no clue !
1	not once did i ever see them check the chemical levels in the pool .
0	so rude .
1	fine , not like i really want to go swimming in a freezing pool .
0	do not use this cleaner .
1	the pool is so small and not very relaxing .
0	there were no complaints with the chicken , the only star of this evening .
1	i would recommend choosing another company for any of your pool needs .
0	went here and of course had the worst experience getting my bridesmaid dress .
1	there pool was down where our family was staying .
0	the drive-thru is only slightly faster at 10-15 mins .
1	the pool and hot tub have a very , very rough bottom .
0	i asked for an estimated wait time , not how many appointments there are .
1	after all , i did see dart boards and pool tables through the window .
0	not only was the food bad but the service was terrible .
1	our room overlooked the pool , and some of charlotte .
0	tossed me out for no good reason .
1	even the pool was a disappointment .
0	do n't bother to stop .
1	when i put it in the pool it still had the same problem .
0	interior is dark and dated .
1	on _num_ different occasions , i have found cockroaches in the pool .
0	and the prices too high .
1	the kids pool and surrounding grounds were filthy !
0	it is dirty and the employees are lazy and exceptionally slow .
1	my fianc and i went to the pool were i was extremely uncomfortable .
0	the place is old and outdated , and the restrooms were horrible .
1	kelly from thunderbird pools called me back and explained what they do .
0	i wish i could give it more stars , but really it was disappointing .
1	water park is so crowded we went to another pool .
0	selection of fruit is a little below average .
1	the pool there ... yah , just do n't .
0	service gets _num_ stars and food gets _num_ stars .
1	i took pictures of the pool to them no response just a bill .
0	nobody tried to even convince us to stay .
1	came in with some coworkers to shoot pool at the end of the night .
0	you are better off going to another nearby dry cleaner .
1	the pool is not up to code .
0	she was not present for about _num_ minutes after we were sat .
1	do not use this company for pool service .
0	the chicken tacos were good .
1	california pools was a bust .
0	but it was n't during peak hours .
1	- heated pool ?
0	the fish was hot and crispy .
1	so , we went to get charcoal and used the smaller pool .
0	texture and temperature of the fish scared me .
1	the pool , the hallways , the bathrooms .
0	the lights were broken and the room was filthy .
1	the pool is green and gross looking .
0	and was really disappointed .
1	the pool was nice as well as the pool area itself .
0	this was one of the most disappointing food experiences i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	as getting in your car and driving to a pool is so convenient .
0	that was not a real latte .
1	the spa pool should be separate than the one guests of the hotel use .
0	please save your money and visit another store or company .
1	the pool has been closed and locked since i moved in _num_ days ago .
0	the food was awful .
1	the bottom of the pool was also filthy .
0	this was the worst experience i ever had with business owners !
1	my pool was not clean from the day they started .
0	i 'll go back for the scallops , but would n't recommend anything else .
1	coin operated pool table were a disaster .
0	it is a cash only establishment and the staff was very rude .
1	my pool had been a mess for a couple years , it needed work .
0	but , no such luck .
1	the pool is just like the club all over again .
0	i mean really loud .
1	as you can tell , the pool caters to families , it happens .
0	the only reason i 'm giving it two stars is because of the bread .
1	i would rather shoot pool at river city pockets .
0	would not go back .
1	also , the pool was being fixed .
0	yeah , that place is that old and that outdated .
1	second , the pool area is a nightmare .
0	while it has a somewhat trendy looking menu , do n't be fooled .
1	the restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table .
0	after they microwaved it it was barely fit to eat .
1	worst pool service ever .
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	pool was ok , but water filthy and way overcrowded .
0	this place is one of only a couple open in the burgh _num_ hours .
1	# _num_ ghetto towels for pool so you do n't steal them .
0	coming here was usually pretty exciting .
1	the pool is brown on bottom and the hot tub does not work .
0	got ta say , i 'm not a fan of this place .
1	everything was clean and the pool area was relaxing when there were no crowds .
0	i will never be back .
1	phoenix , and no pool or spa ?
0	but the last three times the staff has been awful .
1	sunshine , food , large pool , family ; seems exciting right ?
0	no steak knife , no mashed potatoes , no asparagus as ordered .
1	they only have _num_ pool tables and their bathrooms are small and awkward .
0	they used to have a white mocha but not anymore .
1	the hash browns were raw and had a pool of grease under them .
0	the sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive .
1	no pool this weekend .
0	secondly , the kitchen is one of the worst in the entire company .
1	darts , pool , tuesday blues night ( live blues band !
0	he called me to pick him up as i was paying the bill .
1	they showed us the pool , fitness center , movie room , etc .
0	the cleanliness of the bathrooms is less than desirable .
1	very comfortable lounge chairs and the pool bar staff were prompt and personable .
0	i 'm not sure what was worse food or service .
1	we left the hotel to go to another pool .
0	_num_ .
1	they ruined our pool , our spa and the yard .
0	she knew i would hate it but just did n't want to go alone .
1	go to arizona hotel and pool is out of order .
0	it costs $ _num_ for a manicure and $ _num_ for a pedicure .
1	the pool area was difficult to get into and out of .
0	it was nasty .
1	he said do n't worry the pool is not that bad .
0	i have spent a lot of time at shooting ranges both indoors and out .
1	the garlic knots were literally swimming in a pool of oil .
