0	employees watching reality tv during business hours really puts me off .
1	after i walk in , the bar area was filled , restaurant portion wasnt .
0	complete mush .
1	portions small , they over charge for bad food .
0	the whole call took _num_ minutes most of it on hold .
1	he later returned with _num_ shrimp and about _num_ bite size portions of beef .
0	[ the not so bad . ]
1	very large portions , but also very pricey .
0	the menu is small with very limited choices .
1	the appetizer portions are smaller than they used to be , sometimes ridiculously so .
0	i will likely not give them my business again .
1	and mind , i ate two of my party 's portion on noodles .
0	risotto , while one of my favorites , is n't pasta .
1	while tasty , the portions are small .
0	well sports rock failed on all accounts .
1	surprisingly small size portion cut very thin .
0	i was very disappointed .
1	decent price , very large portions , weak on flavor .
0	why was my beer warm ?
1	smallest portion of fish i 've ever had at a fish fry .
0	never going back .
1	portion size very little at this panda .
0	only because i live nearby .
1	the wings and portions are getting smaller and more expensive .
0	not crispy looking , not seasoned .
1	cheaper , better tasting and larger portions .
0	i also thought it was extremely over priced .
1	overall the portion to price ratio is poor .
0	sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment !
1	the portions are mostly pasta , hardly any meat .
0	do not waste your time or money there , you will regret it .
1	the portions have gone incredibly down yet the prices have gone up .
0	i wo n't be coming here again .
1	low portion , they didnt even gave me water while i was waiting .
0	i called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be _num_ mins .
1	my husband had the macayo tour meal and the portions were very small .
0	terrible !
1	prices to me were on the higher side for the portion size and quality .
0	it 's an ayce trio .
1	although , the portions were large , the food was extremely bland .
0	the food i ordered was penne alla vodka , which was pretty tasty .
1	the salmon only cost $ _num_ and it was a fairly big portion .
0	why does n't the schedule know this ?
1	like many yelpers have said , the portions here are pretty skimpy .
0	we went on a friday and it was n't too busy .
1	frozen seafood , small portions , so-so service and staff not knowing the menu .
0	they are not concerned with quality of courtesy services ie shuttle and breakfast .
1	portions were small and way overpriced .
0	i am a big fan of olive garden but not this one .
1	food was cold and portions were terribly small , especially for the price .
0	my steak hoagie was actually two mini sandwiches .
1	none of us even finished half the portion .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	large portions of noodles and vegetables .
0	we will not be going back !
1	the portion sizes compared to the price are way off !
0	we lucked out and go on the shuttle over without waiting in the cold .
1	once our food came , the portion size of the entrees was extremely underwhelming .
0	the service was terrible .
1	the portions are n't bad for the price .
0	biggest waste of money !
1	while my portion was sufficient , there was nothing spectacular about the lasagna .
0	ok , but they do not go out of their way to help !
1	the lunch portion was huge , too much in fact .
0	i found this restaurant online and in my hotel room magazine .
1	the cooks were n't paying attention to portion or size control .
0	so tired of this place .
1	the food was excellent but the portions were very small and overpriced .
0	my girlfriend ordered sesame chicken and it tasted like fish .
1	left hungry and felt cheated by the small portion size .
0	the answer , so bad !
1	the service was slow but the portions were large .
0	it had huge chunks of tomatoes , sausage , and cheese .
1	the portion for the price was disappointing .
0	the cheese is almost too much .
1	the portions are not worth the price .
0	this hotel is really dated , and the rooms smell funny .
1	the portion of food in comparison to the price , is small .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	they have definitely messed with the portions though .
0	his key does not work either .
1	the saving grace for blue fin are the portions and price point .
0	cold food ?
1	the potatoes and chorizo came in an extremely small portions and where bland .
0	horrible experience .
1	i can not imagine complaints about portion size !
0	i do n't understand the hype with this place .
1	a little on the expensive side but alright portions .
0	the buffalo pierogies however , was a total miss .
1	dry , overcooked and about half the size of a normal portion .
0	the staff 's attitude is straight out of the big apple .
1	the chicken enchilada was generous with the chicken portion but pretty forgettable .
0	you should always have your car washed , specially in the winter .
1	small portions ( kids menu is a total ripoff ) .
0	our pizza was burnt .
1	only reason for two stars due to extremely small portion .
0	no accessible stalls in restrooms .
1	the food came out relatively quickly and the portions were quite generous .
0	excuse me ?
1	the portions and prices have been reduced , but seems to be more expensive .
0	worst experience ever !
1	portion size is way down .
0	but hey , it 's pittsburgh .
1	portions are weak however .
0	waited 15-20 minutes for service and it is not busy .
1	dirty greasy chicken fingers and very small portions .
0	i usually do both dry cleaning and wash and fold here .
1	overall , it was a larger than average portion for a good fish sandwich .
0	had n't been here for several years , horrible disappointment .
1	portion portions portions !
0	we also shared a pasta dish which was incredibly overpriced .
1	ok italian food , portions are big , but you pay for them .
0	if i could give less than one star , i would .
1	small portions , food was ok .
0	i called to complain and they hung up on me .
1	my daughter ordered boneless wings and the portions were ridiculous .
0	this was just a joke and definitely not worth the wait .
1	i meal prep so i make sure i have the correct portions .
0	i would never come back .
1	i found out that portion size is good , then bad .
0	my trim & partial high lights took _num_ 1/2 hours though !
1	prices are higher than the average sushi restaurant and portions are less .
0	worst grocery store i 've ever been to .
1	the raw portion of her chicken ruined it for her .
0	avoid this place !
1	my beef with this chain is their portion sizes .
0	not pleased with all the hidden costs behind my hair color service .
1	no to mention a very small portion for _num_ .
0	it 's fairly disgusting ( sticky tables , trash everywhere ) .
1	also , i did n't like the really small portion of extra greasy fries !
0	i want you to know i 'm not just an `` angry customer '' .
1	a very small portion that hardly is enough for a child .
0	- they want $ _num_ for cheese on their eggs .
1	this may be the most disappointing portion of the changes .
0	_num_ .
1	the fried outer portion was soft and soggy with their special sauce .
0	not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby .
1	the food portions need to be increased by _num_ % .
0	go to any other pharmacy in town , avoid giant eagle .
1	the portions are very small , even the rice is a very small scoop .
0	my water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it .
1	very expensive , mediocre food , small portions .
0	disappointing .
1	the portions were tiny and the sushi was , well , fishy .
0	i over cooked greasy fries like everyone else .
1	to top it off , i paid for the dinner portion .
0	its just sooo unprofessional and annoying .
1	also , the portions are not as big .
0	not good .
1	new menu , smaller portions same price .
0	my co-worker 's chicken was n't cooked right .
1	they cut portions way down and kept prices up .
0	unfortunately , our experience was dreadful .
1	the chicken portion was at least half vegetables , which was very disappointing .
0	i am not interested in ever going back !
1	expensive , small portions , and mediocre cooking .
0	he ate it and did n't complain ... .
1	the rest of the menu is small portions and , again , way overpriced .
0	so i drove _num_ hours there on a weekend to renew .
1	entre was ok , tiny portions and lobster tail was small .
0	at best , less than mediocre breakfast .
1	the quality is completely gone , portions are smaller , prices higher .
0	no problem , we were seated right away .
1	it was very bland and way over priced for the portions served .
0	his staff is embarrassed .
1	the portions were extremely small to begin with .
0	the workers are not greek chefs and are very condescending .
1	the portions are tiny , and the pho broth leaves you unsatisfied .
0	the chicken tacos were good .
1	_num_ ) the portions are small !
0	food was bland and tasteless and she never bothered to fill our drinks .
1	big portions at bargain prices ?
0	do yourself a favor and avoid the original fish market .
1	the portions were good .
0	we had to flag down our waitress just to get refills .
1	stop for breakfast this morning the portions were good the quality was not there .
0	but their repeated attempts to enter woke us up .
1	also small portions compared to picture advertised on their special menu .
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	food was only ok , but good portions for the price .
0	they were frozen and certainly not worth the price .
1	now you get small to average sized portions and terrible service .
0	the waitress was very curt and disrespectful .
1	the white chocolate portion was delicious .
0	between two of them they finished one piece and could n't tolerate anymore .
1	we all ordered individual portions and received our meals at least 5-10 minutes apart .
0	just clear me out and get on with the next one .
1	it was a huge portion of bland food .
0	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
1	we ordered _num_ family portions of _num_ different dishes .
0	they were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through .
1	* huge portions .
0	Negative
1	the portions are small and very expensive .
0	penne was mediocre at best .
1	prices went up and portions went down .
0	you 're better off with a garden hose .
1	portion was fine for the price , but was the salad ever bland .
0	caesar salad was drowning in tart dressing .
1	the soup too was only lukewarm , and very small cup size portion .
0	Neutral
1	the food is very overpriced especially when you consider portion size .
0	the salad was basic iceberg lettuce and a few other veggies .
1	the portion sizes were amazing but it just was n't appetizing .
0	the decor was junkie and old and cluttered .
1	portions were decent but lacked taste .
0	i give them a _num_ for presentation .
1	now , the portion is smaller , and the cauliflower is rubbery .
0	that pissed me right off .
1	smells gross all the time , small portions for a hella large price tag .
0	the worst of our experience ?
1	the rice was cooked nicely as were the vegetarian portions of the assorted snacks .
0	the toppings were in the bland category .
1	very small sushi portions !
0	i had to wait _num_ hours just for a pick up for this crap .
1	fries were small portion and soggy .
0	the hallway looks a wreck !
1	i get a significantly smaller portion than what i usually get at your restaurant .
0	i 've never been to one & was really excited .
1	the place looks tired , the portions are very small .
0	all right , now i 'm really done .
1	the food portion sizes for to-go are horrible .
0	we 'll be enjoying breakfast elsewhere in the future .
1	the portions are smaller , and the chicken alfredo barely had chicken .
0	the empty cup is still in front of me though .
1	every time i go back the portions get smaller .
0	baby on board , we walked in and waited to be greeted .
1	their prices are ridiculous for the portion sizes i was seeing .
0	tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency .
1	then the portions were weak .
0	_num_ stars for being cheap and delivering .
1	big portions of ill tasting food , and not cheap either .
0	they lost my clothes and charged me for stuff i never sent .
1	the portions were smaller than i remembered .
0	all working hard , but covering too many tables .
1	over-priced , small portions , mediocre service .
0	the cashier was very polite , inviting , and helpful .
1	the food was not spicy , not flavorful and not a full portion .
0	why do i need to request a stop on the `` t '' ?
1	the portions have gotten smaller , and the quality has gone down hill .
0	the service , in my opinion , is often quite rude .
1	the rest of the food was ok but very pricey given the portions .
0	_num_ .
1	the portions are n't very good for the price .
0	come on -- this is an `` asian bistro . ''
1	worst chinese food i ever had , bad service , and under portioned .
0	and it seems like everybody that goes in there are trashy and rude .
1	burning hot filled with huge portions of tasteless beans and rice .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	it was rather good but the portion size was stupid small .
0	the pricing is ridiculous .
1	the portions were so small we left hungry .
0	each time , i ask myself , `` why am i going back ? ''
1	the fries that come with the combo is a very small portion .
0	this is on a weekend ( saturday night - sunday morning ) .
1	the portions are large and the prices are very inexpensive .
0	watery sauce , no heat .
1	their sizes are not generously portioned out .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
1	small portions and pricey lunch .
0	i wo n't be going back , just because my personal taste .
1	those big portions in the reviews may not be chicken !
0	waste of time .
1	the portions are really small which really did n't bother me .
0	overall , haircut & style = _num_ stars .
1	the portions were ok but not $ _num_ in size or quality .
0	i ca n't even understand how people came to that conclusion .
1	ok food with large portions .
0	probably not .
1	the prosciutto chicken was delicious , but the portion was small for $ _num_ .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	food was tasty and portions large but prices were high and service was mediocre .
0	the bill was way too high .
1	for some reason now , the portions are smaller and not as good .
0	my acrylic nails are crooked and shorter than i asked .
1	skip this next portion if you 're married with kids .
0	this pizza hut is not a top choice , but ok in a pinch .
1	_num_ % of the time the portions are less than a scoop .
0	i would consider a _num_ star rating if it were n't for them .
1	small on portions , big on price !
0	too pricey for the quality .
1	huge portion .
0	i would recommend never eating here .
1	the bar happy hour food was very over priced for taste and portion .
0	service was awful .
1	he said the portion sizes have not changed just the size of the tortillas .
0	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
1	the portions were really small .
0	we did n't have a problem taking it to go .
1	the portions on the other hand ... ridiculous .
0	we also got an order of _num_ hot wings .
1	nothing special and the portion sizes leave much to be desired .
0	which you failed , because of your tire .
1	prices have gone up $ _num_ and portions sizes are going down .
0	the burger and `` spicy '' cajun soup were very mediocre .
1	my portion size could n't be smaller .
0	days old , cold , hard , inedible .
1	a+ they are flavorful but portion size is down .
0	the food is n't something to rave about but it 's edible .
1	portion was just smaller .
0	very rude staff .
1	star _num_ - how were the portions relative to the cost ?
0	i had the linguine carbonara and it was more like scrambled eggs and noodles .
1	lobster portion was skimpy .
0	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
1	very skimpy on the meat and cheese portions .
0	the bedroom however seemed to dull car noise a little better .
1	portion was small .
0	we ordered the turkey reuben that tasted funky on day old potato pancakes .
1	the portions are quite generous but the presentation was way off for me .
0	i do not recommend this restaurant .
1	the portions were good enough but it was short of amazing .
0	i ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu .
1	portions were very small for the prix fix $ _num_ .
0	we mention our reservation , he says no problem _num_ min ... great !
1	the service was really slow and the food was in really small portions .
0	fired oysters and scallops over $ _num_ here .
1	portions are good , but good portions of crap is still crap .
0	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
1	i went with a `` lunch '' sized portion of sliced smoked turkey breast .
0	what a disappointment .
1	she said no , the portions are automatically poured into servings .
0	i gave the management a heads up , and it was not fixed .
1	let alone very poor value for portion size .
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	big portions but way to pricy for the food quality .
0	they were sold out at 2:00 pm on a thursday .
1	prices were reasonable , portions were way too big .
0	but my date returned and relaxed with a glass of wine as we chatted .
1	not a large portion at all for a $ _num_ price tag .
0	i will not get anything from there again .
1	but hey , the portions of it are huge !
0	after the renovation the place lost its center !
1	food : just ok , over-priced and very small portions .
0	try tom 's diner or eat 'n park instead .
1	very small portions and not worth it .
0	but the dipping sauce for the tots were on point .
1	the portions were huge , but bland .
0	there 's a reason why this place has no reviews .
1	food is cheap but portions are small .
0	store is open until 2:00 .
1	it was a very limited menu and small portions .
0	the mashed potatoes were great , everyone agreed on that .
1	the bar portion also pretty bad .
0	my room was not clean .
1	the portions are big , that is correct .
0	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
1	chicken portion was small .
0	very disappointed .
1	pretty big portion but at $ _num_ it was a fair price .
0	urban spoon rated _num_ % favorite .
1	for starters , the portion of the pho is extremely skimpy !
0	let alone one that the food is n't even that good .
1	kind of small portion for $ _num_ .
0	i only took _num_ bite and did n't want anymore .
1	the portion is too small .
0	the main courses themselves were a disaster .
1	the plate is enough for _num_ , big portions and big flavors .
0	is it possible to give zero stars ?
1	it was cold and not a good portion .
0	sadly we were disappointed with our meal .
1	_num_ ) the portions are small on every sandwich that we ordered .
0	the truffles had two salted , one of which was milk chocolate .
1	it really is a giant portion , two , three servings really .
0	it was a weird experience .
1	portions have been reduced at least 1/3 - 1/2 the size .
0	i am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort .
1	it 's slow , portions are smaller and the staff is terrible .
0	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
1	the worker handling the meat portions barely gave me any steak .
0	we chose an option for each course of the very limited restaurant week menu .
1	the food was also way below average and the portions were small .
0	i was very uncomfortable the whole time i was there .
1	portion size was ridiculously small .
0	thank you for your horrible customer service i will never be back.
1	booked for tomorrow then was told my portion is _num_ for the exam .
0	when i arrived , i was seated quickly and greeted by a stylist .
1	portions have been reduced and sandwiches have been added to the menu .
0	the rooms are not worth the money .
1	chopped california cobb was a small portion , but good for lunch .
0	i did not even want to put my purse down .
1	she did however miss a significant portion .
0	the food is only okay .
1	chicken was dry and the portions were tiny !
0	just get fries and coleslaw and put it in your sandwich .
1	the portions are way too small and not good at all .
0	talk about unpleasant .
1	the portions are pretty small , and sauces are bland .
0	the service was annoying .
1	my husbands pork was a small portion .
0	the place was near empty and there were three waitresses .
1	i guess they want big portions to make up for poor quality .
0	that is completely ridiculous .
1	the portions are very short and just not fresh .
0	- mushroom pasta : again quite rich and salty .
1	overpriced for a small portion and bland .
0	outside of that bar louie leaves a lot to be desired .
1	pretty much tortilla chips burnt with a small portion of beans and cheese .
0	the mall that is nearby is not really a mall .
1	and the prices for the quality and portions is a joke .
