0	just do n't expect fantastic korean bbq .
1	although they may sell a good product , they are way overpriced .
0	try $ _num_ , for real .
1	i called to tell them about my disappointment about the horrible product they delivered .
0	our food tasted frozen and overcooked .
1	perhaps good product , but really poor service .
0	_num_ . )
1	too much product .
0	i can not eat salad so ordered the soup .
1	not to mention an expensive product that cant make it _num_ days .
0	`` no , it 's not ready yet .
1	absolutely horrible customer service and product being sold to the public .
0	the sides left much to be desired .
1	love mac 's products , but the service lost a sale .
0	no wonder it is _num_ % empty but still makes people wait .
1	off their food products .
0	avoid this place unless you are looking for the happy ending .
1	it 's an okay product but the service is unbearable .
0	then staff tried to get in !
1	lots of good product however the service was not up to par .
0	if you want rock bottom food , head to rock bottom .
1	maybe the economy , which possibly caused them to use a cheaper product ?
0	i do n't even care about the decor or seating etc .
1	first off , apparently the employees do n't know the products they are selling .
0	i was shocked by how bad our experience was considering the other reviews .
1	they do n't know their product _num_ % though .
0	but for $ _num_ , and that 's all you get ?
1	the employees count out peppers and skip on product to save money .
0	just kind of awkward , but no big deal .
1	just hope the finished product is better than their not so courteous phone manner .
0	as mentioned by others , this road is not in the best shape .
1	service and products are lackluster .
0	food was awful .
1	the calamari i guarantee is a very low end pre breaded frozen product .
0	place is a total joke .
1	i just wish that the employees here knew more about their products .
0	i put some hot sauce on it strictly to add flavor .
1	she also tried to sell me product , but was not overly pushy .
0	um , i 'm not asking you to help me sort things .
1	i was visiting charlotte and decided to check out nordstrom for a hair product .
0	needless to say we will never go there again .
1	i do n't care how cheap your product is .
0	her corned beef was brown and bad .
1	local , friendly businesses serving a great product do still exist .
0	the veggies were overly salty table round .
1	they do not stand by their products .
0	not handicapped accessible .
1	too expensive on most products .
0	i just did n't feel satisfied at the end of my meal .
1	horrible service and product knowledge , even worse .
0	service was great , however , the food was mediocre .
1	they do n't watch the expiration dates on many products , so always check .
0	the good : the ladies who run the registers are personable and helpful .
1	when i walked in i was greeted by a full wall of products .
0	no parking = no visit from me .
1	the service is slow , the products mediocre .
0	pasta trio had the worst sauce i have ever tasted .
1	they do not stand by their product .
0	horrible place !
1	then the finished product was crappy .
0	very slow .
1	this gas station will not accept manufacturer coupons from the products that they sell .
0	brick oven pizza cold ... .
1	i did not pay _num_ for a repaired product .
0	the cheesy jalapeno dip it was served with was good .
1	really should give one star for service but product selection gets them two !
0	benihana is not worth your time or money .
1	no pride in workmanship , product , quality or consistency and definitely no ownership .
0	this was my first time trying brown bag deli too .
1	this is a major rip-off , and a horrible product .
0	sub-par sushi .
1	so i do n't plan on buying any more of their products .
0	minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce .
1	as unsatisfied as we were with this product we ate and left .
0	would i have had to call in to sort out their staff 's mistake ?
1	by the way , i bought over $ _num_ worth of filter replacement products .
0	will never go back to that place again .
1	lastly some products are not labeled with the expiration date .
0	i had a bad impression of this hotel before i even entered .
1	this goes for all aquarium products over $ _num_ .
0	did not like it .
1	eventually someone brought me a charger and a car mount from other products .
0	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
1	product selection is alright too .
0	why could n't they take a couple minutes and wrap our gift for us ?
1	- products ( shampoo , conditioner & body wash were okay . )
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	the finished product was nothing like the photo i showed .
0	however , we were not offered any and forgot about it until this morning .
1	ridiculously overpriced for the finished product and experience .
0	this bar is cramped , overpriced , and the service is unbelievably slow .
1	the attitudes are no good here i would recommend buying your gm products elsewhere .
0	never again will i go there .
1	do not use this shop very expensive and less than mediocre product !
0	lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
1	i give the product _num_ stars , but the staff only _num_ star .
0	first , there are n't many tables .
1	the girl who was helping me showed me all the different products .
0	the spring rolls were nothing special and heavy on something off flavored .
1	no flavor , no compensation for poor service and poor product .
0	get over yourselves people .
1	very disappointed by quality of products !
0	both tasted very fishy to me .
1	i frequently visit ulta for all my hair products and have always been pleased .
0	so it was no discount at all .
1	ordered one thing online and they shipped a completely different product .
0	sure , harris grill gets crowded , especially on the weekends .
1	products never labeled correctly .
0	`` again i ask oh really is there nothing you can do ? ''
1	the appetizers were tasty and not boxed frozen product which was nice .
0	i asked for a full refund , i was not spending my money here .
1	i suspect , in fact i know it was a frozen product .
0	the preparation instructions seem questionable ( microwave in a plastic bag ?
1	i mean , i did have the exact product i wanted to purchase .
0	very unappetizing and i was unable to continue eating .
1	the clerk stated , that i could not return the used carpet cleaning products .
0	$ _num_ for a red bull and vodka ?
1	never open when you need it , unreliable availability with his products .
0	never going back , letting our bank handle this one .
1	friendly staff ... tons of great ideas and products !
0	no amount of butter and salt could save that corn .
1	was sent by one walmart to this walmart for the last of a product .
0	we feel like our money was wasted .
1	cheap polish and products !
0	refused all of those .
1	the prices are great and there are so many products lines to pick from .
0	we were disappointed in this hotel .
1	this probably means that they are mixing old product in with new product .
0	they replaced the normal wooden board , and replaced it with a plate .
1	this particular store does not remove outdated products from their shelves .
0	absolutely horrible service .
1	i think jack in the box could 've put out a better product overall .
0	horrible service .
1	what i love is that but everything they have is a quality product .
0	terrible .
1	the baristas were rude and pushy with their products .
0	overpriced , shitty food and drinks .
1	we loved the product selection and the ability to customize what we wanted .
0	so i might not be the target audience .
1	i hate wearing product in my hair .
0	i have had better seafood elsewhere .
1	i will also never purchase goodyear product after this experience .
0	the menu is n't extensive , so keep in mind your options are limited .
1	the product in my mind , was not packaged correctly .
0	the following week , they would call me back .
1	the staff is constantly moving around , filling in product and available for assistance .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	_num_ ) `` it 's a pharmacy product '' .
0	but the burger was n't memorable at all .
1	great to work with , patient and very knowledgeable about products and services !
0	lidia 's was one of our favorite italian restaurant in the city .
1	i do not mind when companies try to sell their product .
0	but i just can not bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here .
1	extremely overpriced for the end product .
0	spicy and thick it went down easy enough .
1	chinese products are a mixed bag ; some good , some bad .
0	so gross !
1	do n't eat here they do n't what products they even serve .
0	no wine glasses or anything to make the table look pretty .
1	why bother to pay for a premium products if they are n't properly prepared .
0	when i told them that , they just lied and said they did .
1	this is just a communication issue , now lets get to the product .
0	the meat is badly burned and cold .
1	sucks i like products walmart has .
0	he seemed to be in a bad mood and made us feel uncomfortable .
1	i got lost among their products and i wanted to buy and try everything .
0	if you 've got stuff to do , do n't bother coming here .
1	you have a mediocre product .
0	i was not a fan and probably wo n't be back .
1	the technician was rough and the end product was highly uneven .
0	waiting in line took roughly _num_ minutes on a tuesday about _num_ noon .
1	cactus flower should be embarrassed for the product they are delivering .
0	_num_ ) the owner is pushy .
1	otherwise , you would of sold me the products i came in to buy .
0	do not recommend .
1	the product is n't worth the price .
0	i ate a little bit , but i did n't want to finish it .
1	hmm using low quality products and yet charging high prices ... .
0	_num_ .
1	how can you charge these prices for such a pitiful product ?
0	this place is dead , but they just do n't know it yet .
1	oh , and i 'm still peeling product off my skin .
0	no , the waiter was quick to tell me i ordered medium rare .
1	great products and katie has been the best !
0	all in all , it was a disappointment this year .
1	if i wanted the product delivered i would pay both charges .
0	you know , standard italian hoagie .
1	product not opened or used .
0	this is not only a bad business practice but it is illegal and fraud .
1	poor quality of service and product .
0	lidia should be embarrassed .
1	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
0	no complaints there .
1	it would be tolerable if the product were special but it just is n't .
0	i 'd give the comedians _num_ stars , and the food zero stars .
1	if you 're going to sell crap , at least stand behind your products .
0	one quote $ _num_ , another quote was $ _num_ .
1	the product knowledge of different hair products is very poor .
0	it really does n't hit you , until it ... hits you .
1	they just need a better starting product !
0	so i was like dang !
1	a lot of the product tends to be old .
0	i really do n't know why i bother with chain restaurants anymore .
1	oh and make sure you check expiration dates on the products .
0	it was dark and crowded ( and a little bit dingy ) .
1	i needed a specific product and tried to call the store , no answer .
0	it was a basic salad , no big deal .
1	it was a very bad product .
0	the service is snotty and slow .
1	what product they do have is n't really that well maintained , either .
0	maybe i chose poorly but i was n't impressed at all .
1	you need to be quicker with a product that everyone wants .
0	first the woman rushed through my `` manicure . ''
1	nothing like a quality company that stands behind their product , right ?
0	save your money on the chili cheese fries .
1	the finished products were poorly executed in places ( cabinet doors off center ) .
0	just all around disappointing .
1	very cheap products .
0	i said i could n't .
1	why i think that apple has phenomenal products that make my life easier .
0	the place is crowded and cramped too , but not unpleasant .
1	obviously frozen product , blah .
0	breakfast options in the immediate area are almost nonexistent .
1	during my wait there though , i happened to stumble upon the product .
0	the hallway looks a wreck !
1	that 's because they sold us a bad product .
0	had a beer and an appetizer , so-so .
1	the product is over priced .
0	time to check out and never come back .
1	they have a great selection of products considering their size .
0	instead of caramelized onions , they added raw onions .
1	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
0	i do n't return on principle .
1	great service , very quick , prices that are competitive , and polished product .
0	both experiences have been terrible .
1	it just seems that they are using cheaper products but have still raised prices .
0	i am sorry to say i did not get it .
1	i would recommend some training in customer service and product knowledge ... .
0	plus , the staff is rude .
1	they do n't stand behind their product !
0	horrible !
1	the product is awful .
0	i expected at least decent and i was extremely disappointed .
1	they simply did not believe me that i was unhappy with the product .
0	wait , ceasar salad was ok !
1	although the store itself was nice , i was not impressed with their products .
0	avoid !
1	there is no variety of product .
0	we got this hotel room via hotwire at a great price .
1	i am not sure if they are using bad product or what .
0	they are n't very friendly there at all either .
1	i purchased a product there and used a discount coupon .
0	this is not italian food - it 's pittsburgh italian food .
1	if the product is cheep or bad tell me before you install it .
0	great shrimp cocktail but i wish i had my fish sandwich across the street .
1	pretty worthless as i was unable to actually look at their product .
0	ummm , we 're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here .
1	do i want to use product ?
0	not the cleanest establishment .
1	just this huge wall of products .
0	the cheapest thing on the menu was $ _num_ .
1	i suspect because too much product was applied .
0	sunday went by then monday went by .
1	she was very helpful and we settled on a nice design and product .
0	there is no lobby .
1	the end product was great !
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	i will no longer be recommending apple products .
0	not the crusty italian bread .
1	might be switching my products out in the near future .
0	not a good start .
1	the product available was not at all exclusive and presented very poorly .
0	it was n't a memorable meal or experience .
1	i was assured that it was absolutely vegan and a _num_ % soy product .
0	the food took way too long as well and was only lukewarm .
1	it had _num_ stains on it that i had pre treated with organic products .
0	the beef turns out to be $ _num_ .
1	the product line is the same as every subway .
0	will never return to any location !
1	the gas is always overpriced by _num_ cents and the products inside are garbage .
0	_num_ .
1	a lot of products ate expired here .
0	there was no salad or pasta side offered .
1	then i see it : `` this finished product not tested on animals . ''
0	so beware , you are paying to dollar !
1	i 'll buy my product there from now on .
0	Negative
1	baristas with attitude that do n't know their own product .
0	king nasty !
1	cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products !
0	worst service i 've ever had !
1	next to that cart is the soda fountain with pepsi products .
0	will not go back there , ever !
1	great products but rude .
0	the food at thai cuisine is more pitiful than my sense of direction .
1	plus they have n't carried actual aveda products for quite some time .
0	its not like she got nothing out of it !
1	i would like to see some attempt to carry more high end products .
0	was n't the best either .
1	they literally grab you sit you down and push you to buy their product .
0	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
1	i immediately returned to the store and told them about my damage product .
0	ugh ... do n't waste your time or your money !
1	expired product on the shelf .
0	no beer either .
1	they are way overpriced on all their products .
0	this made me question whether or not she was professionally trained .
1	basically a `` get your product and leave '' attitude .
0	entrees were half off but all looked mediocre .
1	they are extremely overpriced for the service and product they provide .
0	that 's not a life i 'm comfortable with .
1	the finished product looked like something i would try to do at home .
0	they should have cut off orders if they were that overwhelmed !
1	who spent _num_ minutes in the back searching for the wrong product !
0	i 'm upset and offended .
1	the product is good .
0	i wasted $ _num_ for nothing because they did n't do a through job .
1	overpriced products that make me think they just do n't price shop their competition .
0	this restaurant has really gone downhill over the last few years .
1	nobody to even help find out if they have more product in the back .
0	_num_ up ?
1	while the portion size was quite large , it was a very poor product .
0	i do n't like chains a lot , but some i tolerate .
1	she clearly knew i was n't happy and blamed it on the products .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	service was rough and slow for the product .
0	have n't been here in a long time because the service and food suck !
1	for a sandwich that costs this much , they need to use better product .
0	one of my party has still not received his chicken sandwich .
1	i love the products this company has but this location is the worst !
0	_num_ ) $ _num_ tip even though the owner is the server .
1	great people who were so helpful and the products are quality !
0	that 's about as far as it goes though .
1	my fianc and i ordered a product online .
0	place was a little bit of a disaster .
1	`` no , no animal products in the marinara whatsoever . ''
0	finally , we just said thanks , but no thanks and left .
1	they have adequate products , but their produce section is disgusting and crowded .
0	so sad .
1	very fair pricing matched with a quality product .
0	the store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards .
1	bad products and poor customer service .
0	mediocre service .
1	again , i put my products down and walked out of the store .
0	oh whole foods , you are so so very overpriced .
1	the same sales representative that i purchased my products from earlier .
0	this place had horrible service .
1	also products are crappy also .
0	chicken was slimy .
1	score on fantastic products at a more `` affordable '' price .
0	while patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible .
1	never once did she offer to exchange my old product or apologized .
0	they hardly put any fresh vegetables in it , and the vermicelli is overcooked .
1	do n't plan on finding quality product at low prices .
0	unfortunately , it is yet another example of poorly made americanized italian food .
1	never returning terrible experience , terrible attitude about their own product .
0	it was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died .
1	so there is no reason to offer a sub par product .
0	we got up and walked out and will never be back .
1	convenient , good service and good product , what else can you ask for .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	the prices were cheap but the product in certain areas is questionable .
0	one week later it was empty again .
1	but they do not focus at all on the quality of their product .
0	do n't bother eating here .
1	i was stuck with products i did n't need .
0	the prime rib , ordered rare , was medium , dry and extremely salty .
1	this company does not care about you and does not stand behind its product .
0	terrible place and i would not recommend this facility to anyone .
1	i 've tried a number of times and the product is only passable .
0	service here is pretty bad .
1	delicate product was not shipped with appropriate packaging .
0	ugh .
1	staff is wonderful , and they are extremely knowledgeable about all products .
0	the _num_ of us got to bar louie at 8:30 .
1	when i originally purchased the items , i was told their products were safe .
0	plus i was served teriyaki fajitas .
1	same goes for milk , cold cuts and breakfast meat products .
0	worst run business in the free world .
1	and their soda tasted off , like they were n't using real coke products .
0	apathetic service staff all around , the peanut and i were really disappointed .
1	they always have fresh products .
0	house salads for the wife and i which were pretty standard .
1	the staff showed little care for their product .
0	it was fried tofu in soy sauce with red pickled chinese chilli .
1	the product was brand new and she had no information to provide .
0	nevertheless , this place in the westin hotel is no different .
1	great selection to products and always have parts in stock .
0	even worse , no seasoning whatsoever .
1	the products are all grossly overpriced .
0	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
1	the products being used seem not of good quality .
0	ugh .
1	always try to up sell you unnecessary services and products using fear tactics .
0	i 'm just not crazy about the vibe here .
1	bad customer service ruins all business regardless of the product .
0	well , it was n't horrible but it also did n't blow me away .
1	they do not stand behind their products .
0	i would n't order a pizza from them again .
1	bad product , bad attitude , stay away .
