0	both meals were served barely warm .
1	originally i wanted to give them _num_ stars but the food quality was bad .
0	horrible experience .
1	but , recently they seem to have quality control issues .
0	hard to contact .
1	the meals are over priced and just ok in terms of quality .
0	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
1	the prices are too high for the quality .
0	first of all , the gym in pretty cheap .
1	for being as expensive as they are you would expect a better quality .
0	i hate this place .
1	but the food quality is generally average to poor .
0	for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags !
1	as for quality , my chicken was piping hot just out of the fryer .
0	the hallways smell like hot garbage , always .
1	as for the food , price does not fit the quality or size .
0	the menu states there are _num_ market priced items .
1	ice cream is just ok imo and overpriced for the quality .
0	we woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place .
1	sadly , the food quality and flavor has left this location .
0	disappointed .
1	in conclusion , poor quality food , questionable sanitation , very very limited seating .
0	we counted _num_ parties , thats it ... in a otherwise bare restaurant .
1	the quality of service from the staff was inconsistent .
0	when i told them that , they just lied and said they did .
1	poor quality work .
0	disappointing .
1	cheap but your getting what you pay for in quality .
0	they said that each vegetable would be $ _num_ each .
1	the chicken was bad quality , i 've had much better .
0	average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
1	because of the poor quality manicures i will be looking for a new place .
0	sure enough , a few minutes later it was on my table .
1	i guess they want big portions to make up for poor quality .
0	our hibachi chef was absolutely horrible !
1	usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese .
0	pretty obvious the waitress did n't know the table numbers .
1	from what i hear the poor quality is specific to this club .
0	we ordered the filet mignon with chicken hibachi .
1	for the price i paid i would have expected a higher quality of care .
0	very annoyed and ignorant !
1	i 'm disappointed in the quality of the arrangement .
0	server kim was awesome .
1	both the pizza and the breadsticks are not the quality i used to .
0	the food was mediocre and full of msg .
1	low quality ingredients .
0	rude service , and pizza was subpar .
1	quality has went down as the price went up .
0	i was presented with ... an empty plate .
1	the quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor .
0	it really feels like a total lack of effort , honesty and professionalism .
1	poor quality service and professionalism across the board .
0	they should n't even call it italian food .
1	not only has the quality dropped , the service is horrible .
0	terrible !
1	the drinks , like everything else there , are overpriced for their quality .
0	at eat n ' park , free cookies are a staple .
1	we left overall feeling disappointed in the service and the quality of the food .
0	nothing but breading .
1	the salad bar was the only redeeming quality .
0	if i could give negative stars i certainly would for this place .
1	poor quality food , very typical american fare .
0	if that were the case , i 'd stick to making my own .
1	my chicken was low quality chicken , fatty , and kind of nasty .
0	the store seems to be a kind of a ripoff .
1	the appetizers are frozen and low quality .
0	do n't bother .
1	food did not have quality flavor it was very bland .
0	i have mixed feelings about rock bottom .
1	this is not ihop quality food .
0	should n't you be doing this for all of your clients ?
1	poor value , ok quality .
0	sadly , this was the last time that she ever came to our table .
1	never once quality checked us .
0	the food was also not too good .
1	the worst quality mcdonald i have been to .
0	the produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good .
1	last two years have noticed quality of food sadly going down .
0	absolutely horrible customer service .
1	changed too seem to be the quality of the steaks .
0	mine was not very cold and his pour was light .
1	but then their quality really sucked .
0	i had a bad impression of this hotel before i even entered .
1	way too overpriced for the quality of food !
0	seriously the worst mcdonalds i 've ever been to .
1	their close proximity does n't win out over quality .
0	it was a weird experience .
1	low quality food .
0	i wish there were negative stars i could put for this place .
1	i was disappointed in the quality of the pastries at this place .
0	not impressed .
1	the food was of poor quality .
0	worst service .
1	quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price .
0	the remaining slices got tossed in the garbage .
1	they give you plenty of food but it is low quality .
0	no one .
1	awful service , poor attitude , poor food quality .
0	the downtown office has ruined america 's best for me forever .
1	i was very disappointed in the quality of food !
0	we ended up with our glasses 3/4 full and a watered down juice cocktail .
1	unfortunately , it seems there is zero attention to food quality .
0	not at this location , at least .
1	food was overpriced and low quality .
0	one person working and could n't look at my car .
1	the chicken itself was mcdonald 's quality .
0	thats as american as fortune cookies .
1	i 've gotten my nails done quickly before though and had much better quality .
0	you 'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it .
1	poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality .
0	did n't file straight or smooth .
1	everything was extremely overpriced for the quality and the service was terrible !
0	he called me to pick him up as i was paying the bill .
1	warm old school feel is ruined by lack of food quality .
0	will not be returning .
1	i am so done ... the quality of work is horrible .
0	have been to many restaurants but this was my worst experience .
1	very disappointed in the quality of what i got .
0	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
1	pleasant staff , but poor quality work .
0	ca n't wait to cancel service .
1	very low quality service .
0	we will not be going back .
1	not a good sign for the quality of food to say the least .
0	i do n't think sammy has ever even had a good corned beef sandwich .
1	too expensive for quality of food .
0	i expected bland sushi .
1	this place has no redeeming qualities whatsoever .
0	this was flat , one note .
1	not of embassy quality - very poor property .
0	my other dining companion had the osso bucco which was dry and stringy .
1	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
0	carpet looks really dirty .
1	that 's a definite sign that the quality is sub-par .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	can not imagine the poor quality of some food .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	poor attention to detail , poor quality .
0	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
1	it was average , but not restaurant quality .
0	being next door to corporate you would have higher expectations .
1	overpriced low quality hibachi .
0	the food , however , is mediocre at best .
1	the only redeeming quality is the young girl who works here .
0	the ambiance is a little strange .
1	i think most things here our overpriced and sub-par quality .
0	delivery was late , our gyros were cold and fries were soggy .
1	the quality of the clothing was pathetic and most of the items were ugly .
0	the italian and mushroom steak hoagies were n't that great .
1	to me , these are the airport 's only redeeming qualities .
0	the pasta i got was good , but nothing to write home about .
1	the main ingredients just seem to be lacking in quality .
0	atmosphere : typical chinese takeout place .
1	_num_ stars for history , _num_ for food quality and flavor .
0	my biggest complaint is the drink prices .
1	pay more elsewhere for better quality .
0	which i do n't really need .
1	lack of quality .
0	_num_ .
1	tasted low quality .
0	service was cheerful though .
1	cheap quality .
0	_num_ mins .
1	service was the only redeeming quality .
0	i try calling bj 's and wait over _num_ minutes on hold .
1	what this place lacks in quality , should be made up for in ease .
0	no personality , still .
1	the quality is not what it used to be .
0	the manager claims he is very helpful ?
1	i would have expect better quality of food for a _num_ star restaurant .
0	horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts .
1	i had high hopes for the quality but i was disappointed .
0	even worse , no seasoning whatsoever .
1	the quality of care is very poor .
0	however the experience here was not very good !
1	but if you love quality and freshness , avoid !
0	decided to give them another chance and was disappointed .
1	the food quality is continuously horrible .
0	the drive-thru workers are rude and they give you crap food .
1	burgers and hot dogs were not a or even b quality .
0	they all looked at me , none greeted or walked toward me .
1	the sushi is very plain and not high quality either .
0	they 'll gladly take your money , however , good luck getting issues resolved .
1	_num_ stars for tradition , _num_ stars for food quality and _num_ for service .
0	probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	and the quality of them are bad .
0	i feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter .
1	quality was okay and food is kind of bland .
0	summary : very noisy , terrible service .
1	extremely low quality chicken on the orange chicken .
0	had to have my sheets changed when i got to my room .
1	food was just low quality .
0	it was very noisy and i do not recommend for kids .
1	this place is subway quality for way more money .
0	it does n't work .
1	very low quality food for the price .
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	the food quality is just so-so .
0	neither one of us ate more than _num_ chips .
1	when i returned to grab the photos , they were horrible quality .
0	i 'm no fair weather fan , but 20+ years of losing is enough .
1	they are not concerned with quality of courtesy services ie shuttle and breakfast .
0	i pretty much hate this hotel .
1	came here for pizza and wings last night and the quality was way off .
0	did n't see a manager until after 10:30 pm .
1	it is a little overpriced even with coupons for the quality of food .
0	i am so disappointed .
1	the only redeeming quality is the decor .
0	they also tend to forget some essential ( i.e .
1	the produce quality was not very good .
0	it was n't overly crowded which made it easy to get drinks .
1	the spread is average , quality of food and service unimpressive .
0	the golden palace buffet is bad , but at least edible .
1	the quality is completely gone , portions are smaller , prices higher .
0	very disappointing easter dinner .
1	pricey , overpriced compared to other higher quality italian restaurants .
0	i did not receive the free cheesy bread and the drink order was incorrect .
1	the quality was crap and it was $ _num_ .
0	we walked in and there were already some people waiting for a table .
1	only redeeming quality was patron shots .
0	big corporate america places only get one shot w us .
1	plus the quality is not great and never replace buttons when broken .
0	i would n't go back .
1	just tasted like a ton of vinegar without any quality or flavor .
0	also the food was bland and pretty much flavorless , very disappointing .
1	you would probably need the drinks to mask the poor quality of the food .
0	it was just ordinary .
1	overpriced and poor quality .
0	just bad service .
1	servers are awesome , the food is a hole in a wall quality .
0	i want to like this place , but just ca n't .
1	it was _num_ bucks but for the quality , it should be 10-15 bucks .
0	the bathroom was gross .
1	food was cold and poor quality .
0	the food came out quickly enough .
1	service was great but it sure was n't morton 's quality ?
0	this is piss poor excuse for a turkish restaurant .
1	was very disappointed with level of quality and service .
0	if you want rock bottom food , head to rock bottom .
1	essentially for me , it 's like fast food quality .
0	while waiting , i used the ladies restroom .
1	and this place went downhill in quality and service over the last _num_ years .
0	another waste of time , wait until people my age get old .
1	they also use poor quality cheeses that had little flavor .
0	bathrooms way too small i had to dry off outside the bathroom .
1	the beef was very pink in the middle and was of extremely poor quality .
0	i just do n't understand how anyone can like this place .
1	panera quality should be consistent no matter what location you visit .
0	i called restaurant.com for a refund , and told them what he said .
1	food is poor quality .
0	otherwise i would have brought him with me and we could have dined in !
1	horrible decline in quality of service .
0	restaurant dot com you 've let me down once again .
1	the price is n't worth it for the quality or quantity .
0	i will never try it again .
1	the slowest and worst quality bojangles in the history of the franchise .
0	it 's loud as hell !
1	it was all poor quality food and poorly prepared .
0	but they are n't reliable .
1	the food quality does n't match the place at all .
0	there is no excuse .
1	when i got home , the food was poor quality .
0	some good some bad .
1	cheap eats yes but not high quality just typical flavor i guess .
0	but it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment .
1	very poor quality food .
0	i drink this beer regularly , and something was wrong with the beer .
1	i was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone .
0	they are too pricy as well .
1	clearly , customer service nor quality of food are valued .
0	but then i had to wait more than _num_ minutes to get my food .
1	( and the quality delivered is mostly poor . )
0	not up to it 's previous brunch standards .
1	quality is poor .
0	minus _num_ stars for not being much better than starbucks .
1	their pastas and deserts are way too overpriced for the quality .
0	the oysters were absolutely disgusting .
1	not much flavor , and not a high quality meat .
0	the steak was overcooked .
1	quality and service is terrible here .
0	it was very bland and did n't have a lot of taste to it .
1	i have paid $ _num_ for a car was and received a better quality .
0	thus station needs more amenities and a makeover to compete with the dc one !
1	i was very disappointed with the quality of the chicken teriyaki bowl .
0	waitress was ok in attitude .
1	the quality of ham is disgusting .
0	we walked in and it was awkward .
1	however , the food quality simply does n't warrant the cost .
0	huge line at mad mex on friday night , none here .
1	mediocre chain diner with around denny 's quality or slightly lower food .
0	it would have been nice to know whom .
1	was terrible quality and not even what i ordered .
0	i 'm hoping that i just caught them on a bad afternoon .
1	third , i 've personally had issues with meat quality here .
0	it tasted and looked like rice .
1	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
0	crappy 's is more like it ... sorry i could not resist !
1	poor food quality .
0	but the dipping sauce for the tots were on point .
1	rating _num_ stars only for the cabinet quality and resolution work .
0	our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
1	was expecting a hilton quality hotel and this was not quite there .
0	i hardly ever send food back or complain but this was really bad .
1	poor quality of service and product .
0	my issue was the price , $ _num_ .
1	plus the bread was poor quality .
0	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
1	poor quality , it seems run down and not very welcoming .
0	we also waited over _num_ minutes before someone even took our order .
1	breakfast is cheap , and definitely very poor quality .
0	the gyro itself was mediocre .
1	the food seems uninspired and the quality of ingredients is average .
0	the restaurant was about half full , i was with one other person .
1	worse than eat park quality .
0	later on , we saw them on our bill .
1	the only difference is at espresso royal , you get a lower quality cup .
0	um , no ... it was more like garbage sewer sauce .
1	again , this was my experience with quality inn and suites .
0	no return call either .
1	i would strongly advise anyone seeking a quality landscaping contractor to look elsewhere .
0	was there for over _num_ hours because service was so incredibly slow .
1	i was n't expecting philly quality , but this was gross .
0	and it was cold - did n't even take my winter coat off .
1	no redeeming qualities here .
0	i get the location is close but it is not worth the grief .
1	sushi quality was bad .
0	especially considering the french dip was so boring .
1	but the quality just does n't match the price .
0	they do n't respect your privacy at all .
1	so in short the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down .
0	no steak knife , no mashed potatoes , no asparagus as ordered .
1	there was a time _num_ years ago when la quinta was a quality brand .
0	truly , you do n't need this kind of grief .
1	the only redeeming quality of this place was the shake .
0	long story short : i ordered delivery .
1	long wong 's quality is lost on this place .
0	_num_ time in the row i got my order wrong .
1	a small quality step down from across the street .
0	by `` multiple times '' i mean _num_ or _num_ times .
1	the quality of all there food simply was not there .
0	better than subway , but not jimmy johns .
1	the quality of the food is inconsistent .
0	i can not eat salad so ordered the soup .
1	the atmosphere is nice but the food quality was lacking .
0	walking through this mall just creepy though .
1	however , the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor .
0	stomach hurts all night .
1	it really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients .
0	i recently ate a _num_ oz cheeseburger at a local burger joint .
1	but quality steaks can be eaten at much better priced establishments .
0	apart from that , i do n't know why you 'd return .
1	after a noticeable drop in quality , i started ordering elsewhere .
0	sadly i will never purchase a vehicle here again because of this experience .
1	disappointed with the quality of the food .
0	not worth your money .
1	either my tastes have improved or the quality has gone downhill .
0	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
1	food quality is poor and is on par with taco bell .
0	terrible experience .
1	not only is the quality bad , but the service is horrendous .
0	will not return to this place .
1	very disappointed in the quality of the food .
0	it had huge chunks of tomatoes , sausage , and cheese .
1	the food quality was garbage she undercooked the hash browns as well .
0	when we said no she said she would be back .
1	fatty meat low quality with inflated prices .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in a while .
1	too pricey for the quality .
0	the rest of the food was awful .
1	unfortunately i was very disappointed with the quality of the food .
0	on a scale of bad to good , it was kind of meh .
1	aj 's fine foods did not deliver the quality that i was expecting .
0	the girlfriends sushi meal was a bit over priced for a lunch menu .
1	dishonest , poor quality and bad attitude .
0	horrible experience again made sandwich wrong for 3rd visit .
1	the food quality was lacking compared to their norm .
0	i did not get a chance to eat there .
1	we all know tips should be for quality of service , but whatever .
0	however , there was no way i was sending it back .
1	the quality was horrible .
0	felt like i was in someone else 's hood .
1	the main courses are very low quality .
0	do not go here for waxing !
1	the linens were not hilton quality .
0	ravioli , chicken breast , sauteed greens and a seasoned broth .
1	pricey and bad quality service .
0	thai tea was no bueno .
1	and the food is very low quality in all the korean restaurant .
0	also , i was surprised by the limited number of seafood options .
1	inside is just average quality , equally average priced produce .
0	when it came down to orders and service though , sadly was disappointed .
1	unfortunately the quality of the food is quite low .
0	he just said `` sorry man '' and did n't offer any solutions .
1	it did n't taste bad by any means , but not restaurant quality .
0	at the same time she got sat another table of _num_ women .
1	even my _num_ year old recognized the poor quality of meat .
0	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
1	one of your few redeeming qualities is that you have bass on tap .
0	they really are the only thing this place has going for it .
1	the vegetables were not just mediocre quality , but clearly past their prime .
