0	i was livid and called to complain .
1	response time to patient requests is slow and the staff doctor was non-existent .
0	the server takes my plate , and says they would make it right .
1	i requested repeatedly and more than _num_ hours in advance .
0	when i picked it up , it did not fit !
1	i 'm thinking damn , it was only a request .
0	i did n't hear back .
1	we 've requested work orders _num_ weeks ago and still nothing has been done .
0	i get there , look at their giant selection and get excited .
1	i called to request for an appointment , as i am a new patient .
0	finally , _num_ mins later ... that 's one hour , folks .
1	i requested no cheese on them even .
0	i also ordered a bowl of chili which was too spicy for me .
1	i again had offended by my request .
0	it was also barely cooked , not crispy at all .
1	the wood fired salmon was disgusting and not cooked as requested .
0	do n't waste your time !
1	my husband had to flag him down and request our bill .
0	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
1	then to request a refund is like pulling teeth .
0	will never go back !
1	the pants that needed to be hemmed were not done as i had requested .
0	the ac in the room also did not seem to operate properly .
1	even issues like heat in the dead of winter are ignored after several requests .
0	i had the pizza and it was mediocre at best .
1	it was n't until our third request that we actually got them .
0	send it my way , i 'll get you payment .
1	also no waters were given to us until requested .
0	$ _num_ for wedding soup ?
1	i got no lettuce tomatoes etc as i requested .
0	they missed an opportunity to impress a new customer .
1	they had n't yet requested it , so could n't process our registration .
0	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
1	they did refund the tax , but only on request .
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	it was n't cooked medium like my husband requested , but well done .
0	i had about _num_ bites and just put it aside .
1	in addition , requesting potential customers to text you is not professional .
0	very small and uncomfortable .
1	_num_ weeks latter i get a email requesting payment .
0	the menu was very small and hard to read and understand .
1	we should have requested another waitress at that moment .
0	this is a bad neighborhood .
1	our waitress was in attentive and seemed annoyed with any requests .
0	the pasta is consistently overcooked .
1	she requests another spoon - again - and my daughter requests one as well .
0	service was rough .
1	they said that he had n't responded to _num_ fax request .
0	it was n't me .
1	so i paid requested my bill and went somewhere else to eat .
0	when the food arrived it was mediocre at best .
1	the waitress was rude and seemed bothered by any requests !
0	i was starving so at this point i just made do .
1	this was an atrocious response to a pleasant request .
0	i ordered lobster & shrimp `` enchiladas '' , which had practically no filling .
1	my doctor put in five request for one prescription never got filled .
0	unacceptable .
1	my request .
0	was n't the best either .
1	and meats were not cooked to request and the servers forgot the eating utensils .
0	giant eagle is one of pittsburgh 's more expensive grocery chains .
1	poor communication and not doing the job as requested is a problem .
0	shady and terribly run nail salon .
1	i should have requested _num_ hours in advance .
0	i was also disappointed that they do n't serve brown rice .
1	i showed up _num_ minutes before my 2:00 o'clock appointment as requested .
0	just really lots of junk .
1	another store did check , as requested .
0	a struggling business is always sad to see .
1	but nope , we ca n't accommodate your request .
0	i stopped by here this past thursday night with three others for dinner .
1	it takes management several weeks to a month to finish or begin repair requests .
0	( $ _num_ for a hair cut i was n't satisfied with ) .
1	it actually was n't but apparently nobody understood our request .
0	$ _num_ per hour per person ... with an one hour minimum .
1	had i not requested the results i would never have known .
0	the wings were the most mediocre wings i have ever tasted .
1	they can not answer simple billing questions , or requests .
0	this was gross and a waste of _num_ dollars .
1	she did not grant our request .
0	i ordered the margarita , sauce , cheese and basil .
1	we still requested it be noted but apparently he did not .
0	i see why this place is hurting for business .
1	however , he did not ship it out overnight as requested .
0	it 's now 8:30 and still not even close to dessert .
1	they are neither fast nor are they providing the food you request .
0	that is not what you want to hear first thing in the morning !
1	they were rude and short about a simple request .
0	my breakfast burrito tasted like nothing and a our food was cold .
1	however , she requested it to be on white toast instead .
0	either way , no need for rudeness .
1	the first flight was delayed and i requested for changing flight .
0	we were ignored until i grabbed a table in the back .
1	that request took another _num_ minutes .
0	no dipping oil with herbs and spices .
1	minutes after getting settled we had to request a new room .
0	by 6:30 , there were still a number of empty tables .
1	asked for owner to request a more reasonable price .
0	my eggs benedict was good , so was my bloody mary .
1	there was nothing unusual about my car or the service i was requesting .
0	the food was underwhelming at best .
1	after waiting half an hour i requested a refund .
0	the only reason i gave it a _num_ is because the steak was good .
1	requested tomato to be added and payed _num_ cents extra to do so .
0	their service is terrible .
1	requested cocktail sauce , received barbecue sauce .
0	third sign i chose to ignore .
1	then i request for refund , and they did n't give it back .
0	no such luck .
1	she did n't listen to my request at all !
0	not cool , bar louie .
1	so far she has not responded to my request one way or the other .
0	the waiter was not nice at all !
1	in addition to the cold water ( which she warmed up upon request ) .
0	unfortunately the service is very hit or miss .
1	i requested a table below a fan because they keep this place too warm .
0	your comments have been sent to our general manager , christopher beers .
1	i requested it to be toasted , it was not .
0	there are better hibachi options in the area .
1	i called in a service request for the repairs and cleaning .
0	but as i ate , i was even more disappointed .
1	after trying several times , we requested a third room .
0	not sure what star rating to give .
1	no sir , i am not requesting that .
0	i 've had appointments with salon owners and never had to leave payment info .
1	a/c broken , had to request a box fan .
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	extremely unprofessional and i will be requesting not to see him in the future .
0	Neutral
1	when i requested my ( 2nd ) check , i was charged for _num_ .
0	quickly losing stars .
1	was this something i should have requested beforehand ?
0	the beds are very comfortable so you can get a good night 's sleep .
1	requested several things to fixed nothing yet .
0	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
1	also the sourdough bread requested was not sourdough received .
0	the bread was even bad .
1	he kept loudly requesting a credit card and the women did not have one .
0	i was disappointed .
1	the server was rude when i requested another steak that was cooked appropriately .
0	we also ordered the `` incredible white pizza '' which was incredibly cold .
1	went here tonight for my sister 's birthday per her request .
0	i would n't go there again .
1	she responded with , `` i was not aware of that request . ''
0	this store has such bad service .
1	bottle of water is apparently an unreasonable request .
0	the response and reaction that i got from her receptionist was quite rude .
1	any request must be repeated , as it will be forgotten .
0	that is the prime reason why i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
1	as a result , we put our utensils down and requested the check .
0	went to this store today and it was worse than usual .
1	she gave me attitude whenever i requested fresh linen .
0	too late to back out .
1	was not allowed to talk to a manager when requested .
0	he seemed to be in a bad mood and made us feel uncomfortable .
1	no acknowledgement of received request .
0	horrible communication skills and customer service .
1	not responsive to members requests .
0	granted , it was a friday morning , but still .
1	i request to speak with the owner , and he refuses .
0	the views are not worth it .
1	we requested a call back ... never got one .
0	these a holes .
1	i then requested another part , which they did n't have in stock .
0	absolutely horrible customer service and product being sold to the public .
1	i requested a firm drive it out quote via email .
0	it does n't change much .
1	finally bored we requested our check .
0	Negative
1	i then requested barbeque .
0	i want you to know i 'm not just an `` angry customer '' .
1	same with us -- we had to request our forks and napkins .
0	skip it .
1	we have requested security , but the will not hire a security company .
0	the delivery driver arrived about _num_ minutes later .
1	should n't have to wait and request eating utensils .
0	i told my friend to forget about it .
1	asked front desk for housekeeping and they never came even after two requests .
0	crappy place .
1	this is not an unreasonable request whatsoever .
0	they were sold out at 2:00 pm on a thursday .
1	requested that we push the receipt button , but nothing happened .
0	red lobster was not the place to be tonight .
1	obviously , they do not follow orders nor listen to your requests .
0	ugly .
1	* food : salty , even after i requested no additional salt be added .
0	it looked like one of those service elevators that the public never sees .
1	they rudely denied my request and hung up on me .
0	whoever designed this place should be shot .
1	why do i need to request a stop on the `` t '' ?
0	not worth your money .
1	girl who answered the phone seemed lost and requested we be place on hold .
0	for a sandwich advertised to have delicious bacon , this fell way short .
1	they did accommodate us after my request to put _num_ tables together .
0	the food is lousy .
1	i requested another round of bread and that was almost _num_ minutes ago .
0	everytime i eat at this location i end up with a sick stomach .
1	meanwhile , i requested a written estimate from george over the phone .
0	the atmosphere was atrocious .
1	requested them to `` comp '' one shirt .
0	_num_ of us came here for dinner and ordered burgers and drinks .
1	i arrived _num_ needs early as requested when i made my appointment .
0	i do n't see why people really like this place .
1	this was the only time i 've requested to send the food back .
0	there is an ok number of beers on tap .
1	i called smith to come pick up their water heater and requested a refund .
0	long story short , we wo n't be back .
1	wait times , medical request etc .
0	_num_ stars for being cheap and delivering .
1	there was virtually no sign of the sauce or veggies i had requested .
0	something just feels wrong .
1	so that was the my request was to have that done .
0	somewhat disappointed would best be the title for my review .
1	the agent is out of the mid size vehicle i requested .
0	to boot , the beer was pretty expensive .
1	the school requests for feedback but does not take any action whatsoever .
0	_num_ .
1	especially if they request them !
0	how sad is this so not happy .
1	contacted groupon and requested my money back .
0	another _num_ minutes pass and we finally got our order .
1	i had to request the design for be removed because it was so sloppy .
0	i would not suggest bringing a baby here .
1	just like i requested originally .
0	there are too many decent pizza delivery places around to settle for this .
1	the refill request from the pharmacy was denied today by the office .
0	the `` customer '' service and pharmacy are terrible at this location !
1	i mean wasnt a hard request but yet still managed to mess it up .
0	once seated , service was extremely slow .
1	not spicy , even after requesting spicy , and just not very flavorful .
0	zero stars for price .
1	the sweet potato fries did come out without salt , as i requested .
0	nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls .
1	i requested a wash , trim , and blowout .
0	the restaurant is understaffed , poorly managed , and the staff is badly trained .
1	unfortunately , they could n't seat us for the 7:00 reservations that we requested .
0	not deserving of the rave reviews .
1	i went back down stairs and request another room .
0	she failed to follow-up when she promised .
1	i had the receipt and requested a price adjustment .
0	next up , the `` general tso 's bean curd . ''
1	i left a voicemail requesting the refill by that afternoon .
0	the food is mediocre ( at best ) .
1	everyone was friendly but they should be considerably more accommodating to customer requests .
0	it was bad ... the you ca n't drink it kind of bad .
1	like i requested , it was just so bland and greasy .
0	this has only been my 2nd time at a red lobster ever .
1	forgetting a condiment or a special request , okay , but the patty ?
0	terrible will never go back .
1	after another _num_ minutes and a request for a refund our order was ready .
0	after _num_ minutes , i left .
1	he requested his money back .
0	their market square location worse .
1	we did n't realize that was such a shocking request .
0	last night we ordered take out and it left us disappointed .
1	showed up to pick up vehicle and the vehicles i requested was not there .
0	save your money , shop elsewhere .
1	i told my husband to request a refund .
0	Neutral
1	napkins and silverware are never provided unless very specifically requested at least 3x .
0	everything was just bland and disappointing .
1	now that the shirt was ruined , i requested that they replace the shirt .
0	unfortunately , the food was mixed .
1	the drinks took _num_ minutes from the minute our request was taken .
0	so , it 's not really much of a win at all .
1	did not receive my order as i requested .
0	avoid until this store gets its act together .
1	if you go and they say johnny is your server request someone else .
0	baked ziti average .
1	to track down my request ... she says they were sent .
0	one of the worst steak sandwiches i 've ever eaten .
1	i went to sears the next day and requested just an alignment .
0	bad business practices are very disappointing .
1	as if we were forgotten about , no refills , no water as requested .
0	finally , we just said thanks , but no thanks and left .
1	i requested my money back which they gave me .
0	this does n't generally happen to me .
1	the bagel which i requested toasted was luke warm .
0	sorry , i grew up in pgh .
1	mentioning that my request was not rocket science .
0	i ended up buying american tires for the same price elsewhere .
1	no drinks ignored my request for napkins .
0	rude , arrogant , and just nasty .
1	they do not provide any kind of email reminder service , even upon request .
0	while the onion soup was actually good , the rest was awful .
1	was not busy , the counter person just flat out ignored my request .
0	at night it is a nightmare .
1	she immediately became very irritated with this request .
0	even a small crack with a few problems set on it .
1	we requested new sheets for _num_ rooms because of blood and other stains .
0	the slice of chocolate cake , while a descent size , was rather tasteless .
1	i made sure to show up _num_ minutes before my appointment as requested .
0	it was not even blackened .
1	said he was too busy to look for an item i was requesting ... .
0	not at this location , at least .
1	the fries were cold and my gyro was not as i requested .
0	they gave me a nice receipt .
1	not what i requested .
0	it looked a mess .
1	at no time did we upgrade our vehicle or request to upgrade our vehicle .
0	the pasta was mushy -- way overcooked .
1	every question i asked & request was not understood .
0	unfortunately every time i wish i was somewhere else .
1	she basically ignored requests we made and even overcharged us by a little .
0	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
1	the first time i come to ichiza i request a table for _num_ .
0	the kids menu was quite pathetic and expensive !
1	2nd was pizza not well done as requested .
0	there were two girls at the front desk , neither could have been bothered .
1	he does n't listen to your requests .
0	the customer almost feels like they are bothering the workers .
1	when the bill came , she had indeed forgotten the separate bill request .
0	that said , i counted only _num_ dishes with any vegetables at all .
1	they made the request seem so unreasonable .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	i had to wait another hour to make the request .
0	service was bad .
1	so following _num_ sets of requests at the same time is a little difficult .
0	that was not a real latte .
1	i can only assume the request was done at the last minute .
0	there is such a thing as food too fast .
1	i requested a dinosaur themed party for an extra $ _num_ .
0	seriously , fuck this place .
1	eventually , i gave up making requests .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	this office is the worst for any request .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	i requested to speak with a manager but none was available .
0	i ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard .
1	i also filled out the online appt request an no one called me back .
0	the bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence .
1	we had no silverware , had to request it repeatedly .
0	the upscale prices did not match the dingy and dirty store .
1	when i request updates , they simply tell me to be patient .
0	the savory crepes were better than the sweet crepes which were a disappointment .
1	the table was then wiped off , per our request .
0	she went ahead started to cut my bang after looking at it .
1	he did not even turn on the tv for our boys until requested .
0	wo n't be going back even though the bagels are okay .
1	the panang was watery and also , not as spicy as requested .
0	our server , from beginning to end , was slow .
1	my move in maintenance request was submitted _num_ weeks ago nothing has been done .
0	it was way too thick and absolutely tasteless .
1	requested ( at this point ) to cancel the order .
0	i personally find its only real saving grace to be the outdoor deck .
1	anywho , we come in and request for helen .
0	i am able to help move , i just could n't do it alone .
1	i submitted a request online , a week went by and i heard nothing .
0	this place is disgusting .
1	several repair request were made throughout the year .
0	it 's an ayce trio .
1	the lady refused to meet my request which was so unfortunate .
0	they called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one .
1	i emailed george and left a voicemail requesting the estimate again .
0	not worth wasting your time .
1	i made all payments on time as requested .
0	the service , in my opinion , is often quite rude .
1	i can send it to marriott if requested . )
0	we went back in the main door , clearly confused .
1	hot sauce was more difficult , took two requests before it came .
0	( the hoagie bun was better than average . )
1	so out of four services i requested , only one had been done .
0	i will not be going back .
1	i request a booth and decide on the buffet .
0	would n't they want you to stay and spend money on their property ?
1	, she accommodated my request for the hockey game .
0	server was prompt getting to the table , took our order and then disappeared .
1	requested tuna medium rare , but received overcooked tuna .
0	not cool .
1	_num_ minutes later , we finally got his attention to request the bill .
0	it was sad , really .
1	very limited selection , but they were nice enough to take requests .
0	overall :
1	my boyfriend got there first and requested a table for _num_ .
0	worst service ever .
1	we can put in a generic request .
0	pedicure 's are overpriced and they do basically nothing .
1	does n't honor requested rooms .
0	i get that -- but the place was empty .
1	early check in was requested and met with no challenge .
0	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
1	after four requests , they finally shut it off .
0	dim lighting that makes me want to sleep .
1	after posting this review i received an email from management requesting for further feedback .
0	way overpriced and service was n't great .
1	i had requested a saturday morning delivery online .
0	they used real garlic and it was served with it - minced .
1	she seated us in a booth , as we requested .
0	i have n't been here in a long time .
1	i requested a refund and was told no refunds .
0	general tso chicken lacks in chicken .
1	she did not listen to our requests and she was not very accommodating .
0	when you try to cancel it takes forever and they are rude !
1	my uber driver picked me up _num_ minutes after requesting .
0	i ate a little bit , but i did n't want to finish it .
1	she requests another and ends up with another dirty one .
0	sales person treated me like i was a very inexperienced .
1	left a voicemail requesting a quote and did not receive a call back .
0	does n't even deserve one star in my book .
1	why ca n't we be told this at the time of our request ?
