0	there 's nothing to see here .
1	possible the worst restaurant i was ever in .
0	do n't waste your time or money !
1	worst experience at a restaurant ever .
0	it was quite crowded .
1	i very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first .
0	it 's hit or miss with this place , but mostly a miss .
1	all in all , i promise you can find a better restaurant in charlotte .
0	ugly .
1	the website clearly stated the restaurant closed at 10pm .
0	i know , you say , how can one possibly have too much cheese .
1	fyi : no smoking in any bar or restaurant anywhere in north carolina .
0	horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts .
1	this used to be one of our favorite restaurants .
0	i tried pickles tonight for the first time .
1	this restaurant has really gone downhill over the last few years .
0	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
1	do not go to this restaurant !
0	noisy snow tires in the summer !
1	small flies flying around restaurant .
0	the sign says it , the looks of this place are not the best .
1	i had visited this restaurant in the past and remember it being much better ?
0	after _num_ years i 'd hoped they would have improved but i was wrong .
1	the restaurant is understaffed , poorly managed , and the staff is badly trained .
0	the menu is boring .
1	lidia should spend more time in her restaurants to see first hand .
0	it just is n't up my alley though .
1	restaurant dot com you 've let me down once again .
0	it was my last time , i will ever stop again .
1	there are better restaurants in pittsburgh .
0	money trouble ?
1	this was the worst restaurant experience i 've ever had .
0	the decor was old _num_ 's which could have charm but this did n't .
1	we were excited to dine at blue as part of restaurant week .
0	avoid this place .
1	overall not the way a restaurant should be run .
0	colors and decor seem boring and out of style .
1	i wo n't come back this unpleasant and pricy restaurant never again .
0	as tables became available he would seat groups that he knew and/or had reservations .
1	restaurant had a horrible cleaned my smell as well .
0	this last experience was by far the most disappointing .
1	you really seem to care about this restaurant 's reputation .
0	_num_ ) the fried chicken was n't really fried .
1	it was around 11:30 and the restaurant was mostly empty .
0	maybe i just got an old cake , i do n't know .
1	i went to this restaurant saturday for the first time .
0	everything we ordered was very very bland .
1	i do not recommend this restaurant .
0	but got the invoice three days before i got the estimate .
1	it was totally different from all other og restaurants i 've visited .
0	used to be the best i 've ever had .
1	the restaurant never called us , so we ended up eating elsewhere .
0	the night was not lost .
1	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
0	the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
1	imitation crab meat at an italian restaurant does n't fly .
0	i could n't have been happier !
1	why is it so hard to find a good chinese restaurant in pittsburgh ?
0	i 've been a yelp user for years .
1	panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant i have ever been to .
0	the wedding soup was less than fair .
1	we chose an option for each course of the very limited restaurant week menu .
0	busy , slow and awful .
1	this is a very odd restaurant .
0	this place was horrible .
1	a friendly restaurant employee is the exception to the rule at cajun queen .
0	the portions are way too small and not good at all .
1	i imagine less than _num_ % of expensive restaurants today are cash only .
0	i had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay .
1	this restaurant is going downhill .
0	this appetizer was recommended and was garbage .
1	hotel restaurants are just awful !
0	they do not care about animals .
1	i think it was overpriced for a pittsburgh restaurant as well .
0	the food is crap .
1	im from california and was excited to experience this restaurant .
0	so rude .
1	the dining area is brighter than the rest of the restaurant .
0	get your wallet ready , the prices are crazy high !
1	sub par at best , go to any of the other big burrito restaurants .
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've ever had in pittsburgh .
1	and i can smell chinese food right after a few second entering the restaurant .
0	after calling every day for a week i was furious .
1	this is by far the worst thai restaurant i 've ever been to .
0	reviews but they let me down .
1	are these the same people running this restaurant ?
0	i had very little meat in mine , and more coleslaw that anything else .
1	i would give this restaurant _num_ stars if i could .
0	i am definitely going elsewhere next time .
1	that is the prime reason why i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
0	disappointed , big time .
1	compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite .
0	the air conditioning was non existent , which is a hangover nightmare .
1	the restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of walnut street .
0	we did not feel any of these things .
1	when we walked in the restaurant decor seems dated , or perhaps just generic .
0	the lamb chops were awful .
1	last nights visit to buca was less than i expect from this restaurant .
0	when she delivered their food there was not a single mention of the delay .
1	the food is pretty bad for an italian restaurant .
0	the only good thing is that the drinks are cheap .
1	our dining experience at this restaurant was the worst i can remember !
0	terrible service !
1	this was the most absurd display at a restaurant i have ever seen .
0	very sad to find that donuts are made the day before .
1	worst restaurant ever .
0	)
1	finally , we felt like the whole restaurant clientele has declined .
0	i would not stay here , it 's not worth the money they charge .
1	most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
0	i personally would not go back , even though the food was fantastic .
1	the restaurant has carpet which i find off putting .
0	and not well maintained or managed at all .
1	he literally walked around the restaurant to find someone , but could n't .
0	i do n't think i have one good thing to say about this place .
1	sorry to say , restaurant is riding on its former reputation .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town .
0	which on the mall alone would be _num_ star !
1	eating in the best restaurants in town and when we travel is not unusual .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	also , i wrote to the restaurant and received no response .
0	i am disappointed .
1	only a half step above a chain restaurant .
0	does n't even taste good as american style chinese food .
1	food was _num_ out of _num_ for this type of bar / restaurant .
0	the staff was n't very helpful .
1	honestly , there were _num_ people in the restaurant .
0	so cold i would n't even consider hopping in really quick .
1	which is just weird in a restaurant setting .
0	very pricey food , cash only , average food .
1	the restaurant was clean and the people working were friendly .
0	everything else is a joke .
1	needless to say , i will never return to this restaurant .
0	disappointing .
1	the restaurant across the street was apparently a night club as well .
0	my biggest issue was the attitude i received when i called .
1	i was greatly disappointed by this restaurant .
0	they screwed up a club sandwich & fries .
1	we were not pleased and will definitely not be visiting this restaurant again .
0	i ordered the kung pao chicken and crab rangoon .
1	to add insult to injury , the only restaurant in the hotel sucks .
0	the rolls were extremely bland and chewy .
1	we counted _num_ parties , thats it ... in a otherwise bare restaurant .
0	very poor management .
1	how were _num_ people in the _num_ seat restaurant and one small takeout order .
0	it did n't look appetizing , nor did it actually taste appetizing .
1	i really do n't know why i bother with chain restaurants anymore .
0	it 's horrible .
1	this was our first visit to this restaurant .
0	( old cereal and bread . )
1	this was such an absolutely horribly disappointment of a restaurant .
0	karen left the color on my hair way too long .
1	do n't worry but i wo n't come close to this restaurant again .
0	once seated , service was extremely slow .
1	this has got to be the most overrated restaurant in charlotte .
0	they were packed and could n't keep enough food out .
1	too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
0	sent one of my companions to get me some water .
1	have been to many restaurants but this was my worst experience .
0	service was slow but they were nice about it .
1	then there 's the main restaurant that i really was n't that impressed with .
0	sure , harris grill gets crowded , especially on the weekends .
1	the only employee i could see in the entire restaurant was the bartender !
0	what a horrible experience !
1	this is piss poor excuse for a turkish restaurant .
0	nope , it said $ _num_ for a master stylist women 's haircut .
1	i was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant .
0	but i do n't think i 'll be going back anytime soon .
1	the temperature in the restaurant was hot .
0	this is a very small irish pub .
1	i 'm glad i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
0	i also got mac and cheese , bbq ribs , and green beans .
1	my party and i left to go to another restaurant .
0	i would n't go back .
1	_num_ separate different roaches in a matter of _num_ minutes in the same restaurant .
0	my boyfriend ordered the hot fish , but it was way too salty .
1	i ate at this restaurant last night with three dining companions .
0	the barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push .
1	i see why this restaurant is rated so poorly .
0	avoid the valet at all costs !
1	it 's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order .
0	i will likely not give them my business again .
1	this has to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront .
0	we stopped going after we got some serious attitude from our waiter .
1	it restaurants are over prices for a state that ends in carolina .
0	waitress has n't checked on us in half an hour .
1	went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition .
0	the chicken was slimy and not many pieces at that .
1	restaurants : disappointing .
0	for starters , the food is always served cold .
1	i 'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over _num_ years .
0	we were eating here often , but it got boring quickly .
1	if you 're famous , why is there never anyone in your restaurant ?
0	this stuff looked and tasted more like doughy noodles .
1	i would have expect better quality of food for a _num_ star restaurant .
0	i could n't eat anymore .
1	this was one of the most disgusting restaurants ive ever been in .
0	should be _num_ minutes '' .
1	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
0	i 'd rather spend my money at goodwill !
1	by far the worst restaurant in the airport .
0	but going here is always such a nightmare .
1	will remove this restaurant from our list of places to go .
0	the concept is n't that ridiculous either .
1	overall , let me say that the restaurant is becoming dated .
0	however , the customer service lacks excellence and the wifi is completely unreliable .
1	he had never been and what better way to try out a new restaurant .
0	both were so bland i could have prepared a better version at home .
1	the restaurant was about half full , i was with one other person .
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	it is simply a greek restaurant called french quarter .
0	i wo n't be ordering from ron 's again , despite the inexpensive menu .
1	have n't you been to any restaurants , like , ever ?
0	so we called back and asked for our money back .
1	i 'm not big on chain restaurants .
0	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
1	i really , really wanted to like this restaurant .
0	did n't get our food until after _num_ .
1	the restaurant was worse for breakfast .
0	only because i live nearby .
1	if i ever go back to this restaurant i want approx .
0	would that have been so difficult ?
1	should always tip cause they do n't really get paid by the restaurant .
0	as i said above : it 's worse than the bureau of motor vehicles .
1	i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
0	there were only two orders ahead of me , utterly ridiculous .
1	this is probably the worst review of a restaurant i 've ever written .
0	wait , ceasar salad was ok !
1	it 's hard to get a good chinese restaurant around pittsburgh .
0	there was no sorry , we 're working on it ... etc .
1	worst thai restaurant in pittsburgh .
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	my husband and i went here during restaurant week & left feeling disappointed .
0	my guess is they were understaffed .
1	this is unacceptable for any restaurant !
0	a simple yes or no would have been nice .
1	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
0	if someone had been standing there , this would have caused serious injury .
1	first off , i like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible .
0	it was so tiny and there was hardly any chicken in it .
1	went for a girls night for restaurant week .
0	under renovations until december _num_ , _num_ .
1	to many restaurants want my patronage .
0	it was sad , really .
1	also the restaurant is not really clean either .
0	there is a bitter taste in my mouth about lotus grocery .
1	our expectations were not too high and the restaurant delivered just that .
0	after i told her my order she repeated something completely different .
1	horrible restaurant .
0	really made me sad .
1	they are taken over by a very large mega restaurant chain corporation .
0	shower shoes , i never leave home without them !
1	this restaurant is not my number _num_ choice .
0	the times i 've been here , its been an ok experience .
1	over _num_ % of the restaurant was filled with people from our convention .
0	i was afraid to sleep in that nasty bed .
1	she invited me back to the restaurant .
0	pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best .
1	in the running for one of the worst restaurants in pittsburgh .
0	both meals were served barely warm .
1	i have not a single good thing to say about this restaurant .
0	dirty place and horrible service .
1	i have never placed a bad review of a restaurant until now .
0	basically , this place is like dr. pepper soda .
1	i found this restaurant online and in my hotel room magazine .
0	i am hoping that my experience here was an off night .
1	that completely turned us away from this restaurant .
0	it 's noisy , crowded , disorganized , and there are not enough waiters .
1	this was my first and last time at this restaurant .
0	dead malls are sad , for some reason .
1	i have eaten at this restaurant before and the service was n't so bad .
0	i was extremely disappointed by the lack of presentation .
1	if you really hate someone , you should take them to this restaurant .
0	you should be embarrassed and ashamed to even be selling these !
1	i looked around and there were only _num_ other people in the entire restaurant .
0	they tried to fix the broken telephone but were n't really successful .
1	to me , thats a big factor in rating restaurants .
0	service was extremely poor and bar service was also extremely poor .
1	when i come back to charlotte i wo n't be trying this restaurant again .
0	he tried to `` screw '' me over .
1	this is the worst chinese restaurant that i have ever eaten at .
0	finally , someone wandered in from the back and rang up our items .
1	avoid this restaurant !
0	they call me up and tell me the tire is the wrong size .
1	very disappointed with this restaurant .
0	rude , unfriendly , just a miserable male server .
1	no in this restaurant are polite .
0	do n't care .
1	it was by far the worst experience at a restaurant i have had .
0	seating is first come , first served .
1	this restaurant is horrible .
0	the servers are polite , but extremely inattentive .
1	this is the worst hibachi restaurant in pittsburgh .
0	takeout is gross .
1	the restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table .
0	the beef pho was sub par .
1	we did n't realize most of the restaurants are closed on mondays .
0	we will not be back .
1	tonight 's experience is one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
0	red lobster was not the place to be tonight .
1	wow , only in charlotte would you find a chain restaurant bar crawl .
0	i would not suggest this bar to anyone .
1	this is one of the worst experiences i have had at a restaurant .
0	you can get better service elsewhere for cheaper .
1	i 've eaten at various mcdonalds restaurants for over _num_ years .
0	second time may be a charm but the first time was a complete failure .
1	the corn bread was the only good thing in the restaurant .
0	then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition .
1	will never return to the restaurant .
0	to any new potential new customer out there , please be warned .
1	the restaurant has the diner feel , no doubt .
0	overall , tessaro 's fell flat and left me hung out to dry .
1	oh , how i wish there was a good seafood restaurant here !
0	and i might add , he knew i was sitting there waiting .
1	i was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant .
0	we were in an area with a server , but the service was terrible .
1	the restaurant was n't even half full .
0	no meat in any of the _num_ pastas .
1	i 'm not sure why this restaurant gets such a high rating .
0	big waste of time and gas .
1	there was only one waitress on for the whole restaurant , upstairs and down .
0	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
1	one of the worst restaurant experiences .
0	there are no free meals in america andrea !
1	the restaurant is the worst .
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	how can a restaurant not have proper seating for its paying customers ?
0	unfortunately rock bottom is one that falls into that category .
1	there were no other diners in the restaurant .
0	not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever .
1	the worst restaurant ever !
0	bad service and mediocre food served cold .
1	i just remembered why i do n't visit chain sit down restaurants .
0	skip everything else !
1	no idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way .
0	they would n't look at me .
1	but now i 'm weary of the restaurant all together .
0	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
1	he talked loudly across the whole restaurant to staff members back in the kitchen .
0	no beer either .
1	i had to walk around the whole restaurant to find my husband .
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	this restaurant is so gross and it 's dirty .
0	last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked .
1	the only good thing this restaurant has going for it , is their bar !
0	with that said , i opted out of the calzone .
1	the worst ever chinese restaurant if we can call this place as restaurant !
0	bored , bored , bored , bored , bored .
1	for a professional chef 's restaurant the `` pasta '' was mediocre .
0	the waitress then proceeded to say the mussels were ready .
1	it 's too bad a once gold standard restaurant is not any longer .
0	our food was just average , nothing special .
1	i will not visit this restaurant again .
0	at this point they were open and would be for another hour .
1	the restaurant was too busy .
0	absolutely the worst sushi my husband and i have ever had .
1	the entire restaurant could use a thorough cleaning .
0	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
1	there are much better italian restaurants in pittsburgh .
0	there is _num_ minutes left to pick and try on dresses !
1	the restaurant seemed poorly managed and subpar .
0	not a good start .
1	and the one sit down restaurant that is open has no outlets .
0	i got tired of spending _num_ minutes of my lunch break waiting in line .
1	never have i ever actually left a restaurant and not left a tip .
0	it did n't taste fresh , almost frozen at one point and microwaved .
1	every restaurant closed at 10pm on a friday night .
0	first , i feel like they pull the prices out of thin air .
1	do n't even waste your time with this restaurant .
0	more screaming and yelling than the night before .
1	will i come back to your restaurant , i 'm not sure .
0	which the bench under the tv is an absolutely terrible idea !
1	this is by the far the worst hibachi restaurant i have eaten at .
0	do not recommend .
1	the restaurant was pretty empty , no wait for a table .
0	the bread was just sliced supermarket bread .
1	they squeezed _num_ people into _num_ small tables given the restaurant was fairly empty .
0	the waitress there are extremely rude .
1	luckily we had a fabulous dinner at another restaurant instead .
0	waited _num_ minutes for our drinks and an additional _num_ minutes for our food .
1	what reason would a restaurant serve water in a plastic cup is beyond me .
0	fianc ordered bison burger and ended up getting a 2am with egg , etc .
1	there are better restaurants to frequent .
0	ordered a glass of wine and beers for my companions .
1	i 'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant .
0	the cut was terrible !
1	there 's no restaurant outside security except a starbucks .
0	now , after picking up my dress we realized they ordered the wrong size !
1	do not waste your money at this restaurant .
0	the wedding manager nicole is ok , but nothing special .
1	lidia 's was one of our favorite italian restaurant in the city .
0	i do n't enjoy doing it .
1	service was slow , but there was only one waitress in the restaurant .
0	i walked in and was ignored .
1	i have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times .
0	the fries were soggy and soft , fish mediocre .
1	and the restaurant is empty !
0	in addition , the presentation was poor .
1	the restaurant is located in a tired part of town .
