0	they just said thank you and walked away .
1	the brown rice was mushy .
0	is n't even that great at the bar .
1	i was trying to be healthy and ordered a vegetable bowl with brown rice .
0	based on my experience , i wo n't be returning anytime soon .
1	the rice was drenched in grease .
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	rice and the veggies i got were no problem .
0	my boyfriend and i went to dinner here last saturday .
1	the rice , for instance , was the worst i have ever eaten .
0	update ... shadyside inn refunded the charges from our stay .
1	the rice , meh , but edible .
0	i can not eat this .
1	no veggies or meat , basically white rice .
0	she failed to follow-up when she promised .
1	the pork fried rice was actually pork burnt rice , nasty ( _num_ ) .
0	would n't recommend at all .
1	they were served with a side of bland , instant rice and black beans .
0	do not stay here .
1	me : ok , can you substitute noodles for rice , please ?
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	i had the singapore rice noodles .
0	they topped off my coolant for free and changed my oil .
1	the rice was as plain as jane .
0	kind of gross if you ask me .
1	the rice was pretty good , however , as was the guacamole .
0	avoid this crap hole at all costs .
1	i ordered the curry with rice noodles ; it was bland .
0	she knew i would hate it but just did n't want to go alone .
1	the rice and beans were perfectly cooked , no issues there .
0	received bad service today .
1	ordered the eggplant with shrimp , veggie fried rice , and chicken satay .
0	the service was horrible .
1	the rice was n't sticky and fresh .
0	worst wendy 's i have ever had .
1	the other things thing sauteed string beans and shrimp with sizzling rice were alright .
0	i ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server .
1	i just got three rolled tacos with rice and beans for _num_ $ .
0	this place is hit or miss .
1	instead , however , they were the same brown color as the fried rice .
0	her corned beef was brown and bad .
1	steam rice on the other hand is free ( which i picked ) .
0	hummus is ridiculously expensive .
1	the rice was bland and slightly overcooked .
0	the bloody mary was pretty awesome for what i assume is a pre-made mix .
1	no rice or beans and our bill was $ _num_ !
0	we waited almost _num_ minutes for water glasses to be brought to the table .
1	no mild salsa , no rice ... ... why bother !
0	Neutral
1	chewy flavorless pork and little rice rocks were in abundance .
0	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
1	my rice was so soggy and mushy .
0	holy ... cannoli ... get me out of here !
1	steamed rice is steamed rice , it was ok !
0	hubby did n't mind his , my was terrible ... horrendous .
1	rice was over cooked .
0	i 'm sure that this is a fluke and will be taken care of .
1	this time it was runny bland mushy rice with extra mushy veggies .
0	as i said above : it 's worse than the bureau of motor vehicles .
1	the noodles , rice , everything was sadly made with no care .
0	you 're better off with a garden hose .
1	waited _num_ minutes for rice and gravy and got a refund .
0	i will remember to never return while i 'm in pittsburgh .
1	what i do n't like is they often forget to give you rice .
0	the pasta was cooked al dente and the sauce was n't too sweet .
1	_num_ ) red beans rice and sausage was not good .
0	the waitstaff go out of their way to not help you .
1	rice & beans were no better or worse than other restaurants in this class .
0	none of us even like onions .
1	the rice was old and hard .
0	it seem to be over before it started .
1	steak overdone , rice dry and overdone , poor service .
0	the service , on the other hand , was terrible .
1	it was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice !
0	the stylist did n't come back after a couple minutes .
1	sushi had way too much rice ( some nearly inedible ) .
0	i was disappointed in the food !
1	do they think that we think this is what fried rice tastes like ?
0	service was horrible !
1	my boyfriend ordered the pork rice vermicelli bowl .
0	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
1	the fried rice was n't horrible , but not that great .
0	what i got was about _num_ inches taken off and no layers .
1	i basically just at the chicken marsala and rice , which i enjoyed .
0	i will never step foot in that store again .
1	i ordered the spinach with rice dish , and my husband got the gyro .
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	the rice was plain , edible with soy sauce .
0	why did n't they do that in the first place .
1	rice was a tad dry .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	the rice is undercooked and hard .
0	she had to check with kitchen several times to answer our questions .
1	the waitress did offer to get the fried rice .
0	the cashiers , pharmacy , and customer service manager were so rude and stupid .
1	the chicken tasted suspect and the rice was mushy .
0	dim lighting that makes me want to sleep .
1	it was beef , cabbage , and onion over rice .
0	it was a mess .
1	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
0	no meat in any of the _num_ pastas .
1	dr. rice was the only vet i liked .
0	she showed me two options and i chose one .
1	regular menu _num_ tacos , rice and beans $ _num_ ?
0	they most certainly sat in broth for hours .
1	the rice was some of the worst i have ever had .
0	Negative
1	how do you mess up beef fried rice ?
0	food was bland and tasteless and she never bothered to fill our drinks .
1	the taste was lacking and the rice seemed a bit stale .
0	i stop in every week for it .
1	the hubby had the bbq chicken with coconut rice .
0	second , the lady at the counter is extremely rude and unpleasant .
1	i had a chicken burrito that was filled with bland rice and tasteless chicken .
0	it took forever for the food to arrive , it was a big bowl .
1	fried rice super bland .
0	food was so bad that i threw it in the trash .
1	had their pork fried rice but the rice was overcooked .
0	worst customer service ever at the pharmacy here .
1	the chicken was quite dry , it came with wild rice ( wtf ? )
0	overall , i would n't go back .
1	no mango with rice because they were out of season .
0	the food here is ok but not worth the price .
1	fried rice included soy sauce and carrots only !
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	i substituted steamed rice for the fried rice .
0	not exciting .
1	the steamed rice was a `` _num_ '' for me .
0	and they are rude .
1	they used canned mango for my mango and sticky rice dessert .
0	my son 's macaroni and cheese was salty and cold .
1	so instead of the rice i ordered a baked potato .
0	i just passed six tables empty and clean .
1	i 've never had such a horrible and disgusting excuse for fried rice .
0	makes me glad i live in new york city .
1	i do n't need beans and rice on the same plate .
0	if someone had been standing there , this would have caused serious injury .
1	i was disappointed that it was just white rice with bits of egg .
0	like i said maybe just an off night but we wo n't be back .
1	but i was on the road and craving a rice bowl .
0	do not come here to eat .
1	fried rice was undercooked .
0	this was flat , one note .
1	rice was very bland .
0	being treated extremely rudely by reception was the final straw .
1	there was too much rice , and presentation was sad .
0	but later the service was not all good .
1	it was a tofu , vegetables , and wide rice noodles entree .
0	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
1	if you go , expect long wait times for basic curry and rice .
0	we booked a total of _num_ rooms with them and checked in individually .
1	i 'm not a big fan of their rice or beans .
0	how ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids .
1	the refried beans was a soupy mess , but the mexican rice was passable .
0	selection of veggies are ok .
1	the tuna and salmon were pretty much just rice and the mashed fish filling .
0	why in _num_ are hotels still doing this ?
1	it was chicken with black beans and rice and a lime sauce .
0	i will not be coming back at all .
1	the rice was burnt and the beef and broccoli was very salty .
0	but unfortunately they had already sold out of the special .
1	the rice , eggrolls , and fried wontons were equally disappointing .
0	lost _num_ stars for that .
1	the fried rice was simply rice with soy sauce and maybe somewhat fried ?
0	absolutely the worst sushi my husband and i have ever had .
1	the rice tasted like a flavorless mush with chewy `` pork '' .
0	this place is terrible .
1	i had the red beans and rice which came out warm ... not hot .
0	although i would have to say the pretzel bite appetizer was n't bad .
1	waitress said i could double rice , but no soup change .
0	i would n't recommend going here .
1	the white rice was old and dry .
0	the skins were a bit thick and doughy .
1	the only thing that seemed to have any flavor was the rice .
0	wifi is spotty .
1	orange chicken w/ fried rice was n't to my expectations .
0	i 'll probably never go back again .
1	the beans are bland and the rice is salty .
0	the music was too loud for conversation .
1	im asian i eat rice almost everyday .
0	maybe the waitress was having a bad day .
1	for lunch _num_ taco with rice and beans $ _num_ .
0	he was very busy working on multiple people at the same time .
1	the rice was soggy .
0	i just ate it and it was a sloppy , greasy mess .
1	for my entree , i got the sesame chicken with brown rice .
0	do not stay here .
1	ordered sweet and sour chicken and pork fried rice .
0	every time we go here , we come out highly stressed , which sucks .
1	dry rice .
0	this place has gone significantly down hill .
1	the fried rice did n't have any vegetable in it and was so bland .
0	about _num_ minutes later someone came with soap .
1	cold salad next to hot entree next to hot rice .
0	my first impression was the outdated decor .
1	the rice was bland and the dish over all had no spice .
0	it then took another _num_ minutes to get wine glasses .
1	my salmon was dry and flavorless with the filler rice .
0	sorry storm , you need to improve this .
1	the spanish rice was the worst i 've ever had .
0	not a good value in my book .
1	if you fail rice , you fail sushi .
0	i 'm no fair weather fan , but 20+ years of losing is enough .
1	curry fried rice was also bland , luckily we have sriracha at home .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the salad with the lobster roll , hold the bread .
1	i paid approximately $ _num_ for nothing but brown rice .
0	this showmars used to be awesome .
1	i 've never had fried rice with this much oil !
0	the lights were broken and the room was filthy .
1	house fried rice that also came with it was too bland .
0	they wo n't even bother to tell you that they will come !
1	the tacos were decent but the rice and beans were horrible .
0	the only good thing was that the cheese biscuits here are bomb !
1	sushi rice was a bit soggy too .
0	terrible experience .
1	rice is too bland and the beans are ok .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	for starters , my friend and i ordered sizzling rice soup .
0	they simply did n't care .
1	the only thing i found good was the plain rice .
0	poor customer service and they were rude .
1	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
0	got chicken with string beans ( $ _num_ ) take-out .
1	fried rice : eggs , sesame seed , and soy sauce .
0	the mussels were barely seasoned and were hardly edible .
1	the rice and beans were nothing special .
0	this was the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	rice was stale , cold , and hard .
0	general tso chicken lacks in chicken .
1	the rice was dry and the salsa seemed to come right of the can .
0	i really do n't get the hype as the food was average at best .
1	the rice was super bland and had no flavor .
0	it is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager .
1	it 's all about curries , rice , naan and spices .
0	too bad .
1	the beans and rice were not much better .
0	and the food was terrible too !
1	also , the rice was overcooked and mushy .
0	overall not the way a restaurant should be run .
1	pork fried rice , lemon chicken , and sweet and sour chicken .
0	it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
1	there was no sauce in my rice bowl .
0	our first visit deserved a _num_ but this visit was a _num_ .
1	i always substitute rice noodles , never had an issue .
0	wine selection is very weak .
1	it 's plain white rice with teriyaki sauce and some disgusting bits of chicken .
0	it was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable .
1	the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay .
0	i love bbb ; however , this location is terrible .
1	rice was dry and hard from sitting for awhile .
0	they used real garlic and it was served with it - minced .
1	no beans , just rice please .
0	not worth the trip .
1	the chicken & rice soup was pretty bland .
0	and i can smell chinese food right after a few second entering the restaurant .
1	our chicken sizzling rice soup was flavor less and completely watered down .
0	service was very bad today .
1	waitress : our food was served with rice and meat .
0	all i could taste was the overwhelming chemical , fake garlic flavor .
1	they brought me a rice dish .
0	wonton soup and a mediocre fortune earns this one ( _num_ ) golden star .
1	then they brought out my fried rice .
0	we sat for _num_ minutes before a server came to our table .
1	here they fill the space around the chile with rice cheese and sauce .
0	and , in looking at other reviews , i am not the first .
1	ordered the sushi combo , added a miso soup and bowl of steamed rice .
0	it costs $ _num_ for a manicure and $ _num_ for a pedicure .
1	only white rice was offered with the orange chicken .
0	the free breakfast is as bad as it gets .
1	the beans and the rice were just not good .
0	i would hate to lose this place !
1	taco shells were old -- meat was tasteless -- rice was cold .
0	lidia should spend more time in her restaurants to see first hand .
1	and the rice still tasted more steamed than fried .
0	the sauce they were drowning in seemed to have almost a chemical taste .
1	it tasted and looked like rice .
0	after spending over $ _num_ plus games , we will never go back .
1	this can not be called fried rice .
0	i really like the pizza and marinated vegetables .
1	fried rice ?
0	_num_ .
1	rice was n't cooked right and had little flavor .
0	the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
1	the fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw .
0	omg what a nightmare .
1	chicken fried rice had almost no chicken in it .
0	thankfully i just dislike tomatoes and it was n't an allergy issue .
1	rice was hard not fully cooked .
0	that 's not an eatery either .
1	egg roll and fried rice is too greasy .
0	and trying to get our check ?
1	we got a fried rice , which was not too bad .
0	before she ran off , we ordered our meals .
1	they did n't inform us that we had to pay extra for rice .
0	maybe i just did n't order the right dish .
1	the rice was truly nothing special and the beans were watery and gritty .
0	honestly i do n't consider this place a mall .
1	again the curry fried rice is not authentic neither .
0	got a full set and the exact same thing happened _num_ days later .
1	the rice was bland .
0	however they ( waitresses ) were nice and apologetic .
1	usually upgrade to some fried rice to take things up to the next level .
0	the worst thing about this place is also sam .
1	i picked out the broccoli and ate it over my side of rice .
0	but the service is horrible .
1	the menu says there 's a charge for fried rice instead of white .
0	there 's $ _num_ down the drain .
1	we had fried rice was good avoid pork however the shrimp were pretty good .
0	so , i settled on the hummus appetizer .
1	the pork fried rice was greasy and the rice was undercooked .
0	i wish i had read their reviews prior to going .
1	the fried rice was only a little and old and hard .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get someone to take the bill .
1	the rice is wet and salty .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	dry rice , no flavor , greasy .
0	i was really annoyed .
1	the rice was too dry , and there was barely any flavor .
0	so long story short , this place is packed .
1	the teriyaki sauce was so watered down it turned my rice into soup .
0	their service is a hot mess !
1	my husband ordered the margarita pizza & i ordered the shrimp tacos with rice .
0	the wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor .
1	rice should not be soup .
0	the decor was old _num_ 's which could have charm but this did n't .
1	the chicken was overcooked , served with bland rice and potatoes .
0	the worst of our experience ?
1	no rice .
0	* no shopping carts .
1	i ordered the orange chicken , fried rice , soup , and crab puffs .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	had _num_ beef tacos and rice ... .
0	the bloody mary was completely disgusting .
1	it was just chicken , rice , egg , and green onions .
0	nothing tasted bad but it was way too expensive .
1	i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
0	truly , you do n't need this kind of grief .
1	the only thing they did n't mess up on our order was the rice .
0	needless to say , we wo n't be going back for quite some time !
1	the rice was flavorless .
0	it turned into a giant mess .
1	wanted a light lunch , so ordered a veggie rice bowl .
0	they would n't look at me .
1	i find the rice in any chinese buffet way much better !
0	i have left bleeding twice .
1	fried rice was ... just not what i expected , not exceptional either .
0	the egg roll 's did n't even have shrimp in them .
1	the beans were ok the rice was not worth putting in your mouth .
0	no one at the counter even acknowledged my arrival .
1	the only good thing about my food was the rice .
0	we dined rather early , so there was no wait .
1	holy mother of chicken , christmas and rice .
0	you ca n't screw up pasta -- it would be very hard .
1	ca n't really mess up the rice so no complaints .
0	for those that know me , i 'm not the gambling kind .
1	the rice was n't fresh .
0	its also extremely odd that they could not contact me via e-mail or telephone ?
1	unfortunately , the best part of our meal was the plain basmati rice .
0	i come down at 9:00 and the shuttle had already left .
1	any latin restaurant that uses minute rice is horrible .
0	sorry chef jeff .
1	how do you mess up a fried rice ?
0	we like longhorn , but not this location .
1	the rice is dry .
0	the person checking me out was not hospitable .
1	i had sweet and sour chicken , pork fried rice and wonton soup .
0	the bar is really small and the staff was really unfriendly .
1	not very authentic , and my rice was severely undercooked .
0	i ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushrooms .
1	the fried rice was sad .
0	left with : big mac , medium fries , no coke .
1	no ability to substitute lo mein for rice .
0	used to be so much better .
1	i ordered sizzling rice soup and some egg rolls .
0	_num_ .
1	she ate her rice & salad , which were good .
0	the service itself was n't to great either .
1	i ordered two entrees , fried rice , egg rolls and two beverages .
0	_num_ bartenders on staff while the bar was completely full .
1	rice is almost always uncooked .
0	the cheese was loaded on the top with almost no crab flavor .
1	two people in our party ordered chicken broccoli with fried rice and egg rolls .
0	then , before i was able to say anything , they broke in .
1	one person got white rice instead of fried rice as ordered .
0	very strange experience .
1	disappointment number three : the rice was so dry that it was almost crispy .
0	literally disgusting .
1	the rice was n't cooked well at all ... seriously , wtf ?
0	she sent it back .
1	seriously , would it kill you to add more rice noodles ?
0	the food was mediocre and full of msg .
1	the rice was a little hard .
0	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
1	the rice & beans that came with were no better .
0	but they are n't reliable .
1	obviously , i 'm going to order the rice .
0	gross much ?
1	it was yellow rice with some boiled chicken some sliced jalapeo and tomato slice .
0	this experience was not worth the beautiful dresses .
1	but it was bland and the rice seemed undercooked and flavorless .
