0	our server , was friendly .
1	we both got the seafood salad as an appetizer and it was just ok .
0	i became very angry .
1	the house salad is awful and so are all the soups .
0	def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else .
1	however , they brought out one salad and one meal .
0	terrible customer service will never book with them again .
1	there were romaine core in the salad and one slice of cucumber .
0	over crowded , loud , and not a relaxing experience .
1	it was a small side salad of iceberg lettuce and croutons with italian dressing .
0	the only people getting help in there tonight were two other guys .
1	i had spaghetti and meatballs and a caesar salad .
0	everything was pretty picked over , which kinda sucked .
1	not sure what on the salad made me feel this way .
0	it was grilled chicken , french fries , a little cheese on chopped lettuce .
1	the produce in their hoagies is as bad as their salads .
0	you wo n't find me at an olive garden back in new jersey !
1	salad will come first , then a couple of dogs , then fries .
0	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
1	for starters we were served ice cold meatballs and limp soggy salads .
0	very disappointed with this place .
1	the soup tasted spoiled , the tomatoes in my salad were frozen and mushy .
0	their fries are also soggy and gross .
1	my caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland .
0	i will never place an order for me & my coworkers again .
1	the salad 's ginger dressing was awful and watery .
0	i did not have internet for about a month .
1	normally i hate salads in places like this .
0	so , i settled on the hummus appetizer .
1	all i ordered was the soup and salad lunch special .
0	very disappointing experience .
1	the side house salad we ordered for an additional $ _num_ was awful .
0	never came out to see how we were doing .
1	salad was average at best .
0	i read somewhere that charlotte has the highest time warner rates in the country .
1	my sides , german potato salad and braised red cabbage , were equally awful .
0	bad !
1	$ _num_ / salad ?
0	no no .
1	i really like their fried chicken , coleslaw , potato salad and other dishes .
0	the price was extremely high for food that was bland and not impressive .
1	the salads came out and the plates were a little sloppy in appearance .
0	the potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed .
1	the toppings on my salad were barely there .
0	food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side ass mashed potatoes .
1	the salad had way too much iceberg lettuce and tasted like crap .
0	then , they are n't even that nice !
1	the salad was made with iceberg lettuce and did n't look appetizing .
0	fyi - prices are scheduled to go up jan _num_ _num_ .
1	my husband 's salad , italian chopped , was better .
0	there was a list of _num_ or so entrees we could choose from .
1	service was slow for soup and a salad .
0	it also was n't the cleanest place i 've ever seen .
1	for salad , they only served `` caesar salad '' .
0	rude , crowded , and most importantly not that great !
1	the salad is a simple bowl of iceberg lettuce .
0	trust me , you 'll be glad you did .
1	the only thing mixed about this salad was the iceberg and red cabbage .
0	i did not get a chance to eat there .
1	it was calamari on top of some salad with thai chili sauce dressing .
0	that was one of the worst burritos i have ever , ever had .
1	service was fast , but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing .
0	this place does n't feel clean or inviting .
1	$ _num_ for a pint of pasta salad ?
0	service gets _num_ stars and food gets _num_ stars .
1	our entrees arrived about _num_ minutes after the salad .
0	please do not use this location .
1	my hubby ordered coffee , cobb salad and filet .
0	after _num_ years i 'd hoped they would have improved but i was wrong .
1	it was a basic salad , no big deal .
0	very low quality food for the price .
1	the potato salad was awesome everything else was super sub par .
0	so , that was really disappointing .
1	i told the server and he promptly brought out a different house salad .
0	it 's slow , portions are smaller and the staff is terrible .
1	my salad came out shortly after the appetizer sliders .
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	we get the salads and app right away which was mediocre at best .
0	i 'll probably not be back .
1	now i had a $ _num_ salad and $ _num_ pasta trio .
0	honestly , there were _num_ people in the restaurant .
1	i can not eat salad so ordered the soup .
0	my sister for a deal for _num_ and day in the _num_ season .
1	the 4th time my friend dragged me there , i had a salad .
0	if it would have been me alone , i would have walked out .
1	greek salad was pretty good but nothing else really was .
0	we were in an area with a server , but the service was terrible .
1	today , half the lettuce i had on my caesar salad was rotten .
0	we were eating here often , but it got boring quickly .
1	i literally had my soup and salad delivered within _num_ seconds of each other .
0	_num_ star .
1	diner _num_ - ordered the salad with the lobster roll , hold the bread .
0	i rarely write negative reviews .
1	the salads on the menu sound good but taste awful .
0	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
1	ordered a grilled chicken salad , take out .
0	i was disgusted .
1	even the salads are iffy .
0	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
1	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
0	i feel i paid $ _num_ for a $ _num_ meal .
1	the tzatziki sauce was okay same with the greek salad .
0	when i come back to charlotte i wo n't be trying this restaurant again .
1	the salad dressing was tasteless , the jumbo shrimp was under cooked and chewy .
0	not a good vegan experience .
1	when i poured onto my salad it was just drenched in oil .
0	food is terrible so is customer service .
1	breadsticks and salad came out like expected .
0	the crust was super doughy and the cheese was pretty gross .
1	i had the thai beef salad and it had about _num_ strips of beef .
0	the whole call took _num_ minutes most of it on hold .
1	this time i got the grilled chicken salad .
0	rude front desk staff .
1	the salad was very bland and did n't have much dressing .
0	the breadsticks are alway delish and hard to turn away eating more .
1	delivery was good for a salad but for everything else i was sadly disappointed .
0	seriously , would it kill you to add more rice noodles ?
1	for starters i got the mozzarella basil tomato salad .
0	what the hell ?
1	friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
0	gone was the flavor and little taste of spicy burn at the end .
1	i really do n't like tomatoes in caesar salad .
0	i 'd give this store negative stars if there was an option .
1	the salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner .
0	show off how much money you can waste in a night .
1	the greek salad was n't anything special either .
0	i was served over cooked eggs with raw bacon and the biscuits were stale .
1	no salad .
0	i was so confused and annoyed that i just left after paying .
1	however , i can order a salad with french fries on it .
0	just awful .
1	menu includes hot sandwiches , wraps , gyros , and salads .
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	the salad is bag salad from a grocery store with dressing on it .
0	service was horrible !
1	the nice guy behind the counter told me they were out of tuna salad .
0	their menu does n't include really any .
1	and then she brought our salads and no silverware .
0	the rest of the food was awful .
1	i ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce .
0	_num_ .
1	i should also mention that the salads were served warm along with lukewarm dressing .
0	they tried to charge me $ _num_ for _num_ hours of labor .
1	had the chicken salad and lettuce was wilted , fruit was room temp .
0	i did n't understand why he was asking that or the reason .
1	house salads for the wife and i which were pretty standard .
0	that 's about where the positives stop .
1	besides salad , i almost have to throw the rest away .
0	a complete waste of money , avoid at all costs .
1	we split the chopped salad with gorgonzola .
0	$ _num_ for anything !
1	we ordered a salad , melting brie pot and lobster & crab stuffed prawns .
0	nothing special .
1	second i was with a party of _num_ that all ordered salads .
0	still , would not recommend .
1	the big green salad was boring and everything was in huge chunks .
0	completely unprofessional and ridiculous .
1	guess i will stick to a salad , appetizers and bread pudding .
0	why would they want to risk a customer not coming back .
1	$ _num_ per salad ?
0	i called ahead to order a gyro calzone and was told _num_ minutes .
1	it 's soup and a wedge salad .
0	long waits and lack of attentiveness .
1	there was absolutely no care or thought put into this salad .
0	we might not go every year , but maybe every other year .
1	second , our waiter brought it out with the other salads .
0	so gross !
1	salad lettuce was limp and sitting out way too long .
0	my daughter ordered the fettuccine alfredo and it was quite bland .
1	it was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top .
0	the sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing .
1	the food was prompt , and the salad was more than enough to share .
0	but that should be explained by the waitstaff when someone orders the meal !
1	too much dressing in a salad that did n't even fill the bowl .
0	i will never go back to this place again !
1	burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad .
0	i really wanted to like this place , but i really did n't .
1	i ordered a salad with salmon which was disgusting .
0	so , i came to the diner having already eaten a light breakfast .
1	potato salad was also old tasting and could not eat .
0	and a lot has changed for the worst unfortunately .
1	they served salad shortly my goodness this place was slow though .
0	my date 's bruschetta appetizer was bland .
1	i chose the fiesta chicken chopped salad and new chicken tortilla soup .
0	finally , we just said thanks , but no thanks and left .
1	i was disappointed with the seafood salad .
0	worst customer service !
1	salad came first then bruschetta ( wtf ) toast and tomatoes and cheese .
0	it was just so-so .
1	trying to get something healthy , i ordered the apple pecan salad .
0	no personality , still .
1	i had to special order my salad and take off a bunch of junk .
0	not laid out well .
1	his french onion soup was decent , but my salad was lacking .
0	and , most sadly , the cup of coffee was weak .
1	i mean thin like salad dressing , runny , thin .
0	$ _num_ ?
1	the green papaya salad was bland needing more lime juice .
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back .
1	the baked potato was actually really good yet the salad bar was nothing special .
0	the wings do not come with celery .
1	the salad i ordered was wrong , though .
0	my friends had left this woman at least a _num_ % tip .
1	the salad was _num_ and then entree was full price .
0	because i really want to like harris grill .
1	the food is great but the side salad was a disappointment .
0	at this point , i am done .
1	my coworker got the ahi tuna southwestern salad and he rated it 4/5 stars .
0	the bread is the best part , which is really sad .
1	grilled cheese , salad and a quesadilla should n't take that long .
0	night manager tried to enter my room at _num_ am while i was sleeping .
1	i 'm glad i took the workers suggestions because the pasta salad was amazing !
0	they left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich !
1	their salads and breadsticks are the only real reason to go there anymore ... !
0	unfortunately we did not .
1	i also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell !
0	we ordered the `` pitt burger '' and boy was it disappointing .
1	the salad was just bagged romaine lettuce with dressing in a packet .
0	i visited recently and i will not be returning , ever !
1	all entrees come with bread , soup or salad , and tea or coffee .
0	they frequently mess up my friends orders when we go there .
1	- lots of food choices ... burgers ... steak ... chicken ... salads .
0	they 're wrong .
1	i ordered the turkey blt with lemon aioli and arugula salad .
0	it had shoe string onion rings and slaw on it .
1	several minutes later our server arrives with our salads , soups and drinks .
0	gross !
1	the salad was mostly dismal .
0	this was just bad pizza .
1	when anything on the salad is bad , you lose .
0	this showmars is under new management and it sucks !
1	that is not a caesar salad .
0	not like you starbucks !
1	sides of hot baked potato and basic iceberg lettuce salad were fine .
0	( $ _num_ for a hair cut i was n't satisfied with ) .
1	the salad does n't have enough cheese !
0	disgusting !
1	i ordered the lemon grass soup with shrimp and the papaya salad .
0	and when the dessert came it was ice cold and solid as a rock .
1	wife got salad , which was unimpressive and a little wilted .
0	their ginger dressing is unbelievable .
1	caesar salad was drowning in tart dressing .
0	two words : grossly overrated .
1	there was no salad or pasta side offered .
0	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
1	i was seated and served a complimentary salad .
0	richard does not make you feel comfortable .
1	my salad had a rotten tomato and a hair ( not mine ) .
0	i rarely give bad reviews , but this was a pretty horrible food experience .
1	ordered a caesar salad with grilled shrimp and a side of avocado .
0	absolute worst experience at a nail salon .
1	my companions ordered shared salad and flatbread which arrived without sharing plates .
0	with all of the other options in the area , take your money elsewhere !
1	what i was into was the german potato salad .
0	totally disgusting .
1	_num_ caesar salad with flank steak and another caesar salad with shrimps !
0	not a fan .
1	our waiter delivered the soup and salad , but forgot the dressing .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	the pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible .
0	will probably never go here again because the person servicing me was rude .
1	i ordered some turkey wrap with a fruit salad for a side .
0	the icing was not damaged though as they were so stale they were hard .
1	the salad was n't good .
0	he kept loudly requesting a credit card and the women did not have one .
1	the salad was swimming in dressing where normally the dressing is light .
0	it was downhill from there .
1	received a salad that had old iceberg ( brown edges ) and no dressing .
0	do not believe he cares about his patients .
1	probably should have gotten a salad .
0	the pizza crust tasted like pizza hut .
1	i liked the salad , but it was nothing special .
0	almost all of the tires sold on site are foreign .
1	the salad was good , the ribs were as tough as leather .
0	no complaints .
1	i could barely eat the salad .
0	but you know what words i do n't mind hearing ?
1	a joke of a salad .
0	for everything else , try the cat clinic .
1	i did n't even eat the salad .
0	for my car the average oil change runs about $ _num_ .
1	i chose your fried steak with green and salad to go .
0	ultimately , i was n't very impressed .
1	my wife ordered a chicken salad on pita , minus lettuce and tomatoes .
0	staff was overwhelmed , they tried , but to no avail .
1	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
0	crab fries , naturally .
1	he also took my salad before i was done with .
0	king nasty !
1	rather than send it back i kept the salad .
0	the dining room breakfast was served in was tacky and the coffee awful .
1	my boyfriend ordered the salmon creole with cabbage and a garden salad .
0	i was less than impressed .
1	the small salad was n't their best .
0	the owner called me to apologize .
1	of shrimp and _num_ scallops with very little salad greens for alot of money .
0	my husband and i are pretty patient people , but this was ridiculous .
1	i ordered an avocado chicken caesar salad .
0	but going here is always such a nightmare .
1	i usually get the steak salad which used to be good .
0	do not go here for waxing !
1	i had a small side salad to start which the waiter described as greek .
0	i stood there for a second and realized she was blatantly blowing me off .
1	the seaweed salad was fine and the hot sake was average .
0	if you like sandwiches with french fries piled on them , go for it .
1	so i was appalled by a lousy not fresh dirty salad !
0	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
1	salmon salad was not good at all .
0	ordered _num_ cuts to eat in and _num_ and a hoagie to go ... .
1	the potato salad was the only thing that i actually thought was okay .
0	so why the low rating ?
1	they drowned my salad in ranch dressing and cheese ... .
0	this mcdonald 's is so bad it 's amazing .
1	the rest of us ordered the mixed field greens salad which was awful .
0	so i might not be the target audience .
1	the drinks and salads are also soooo pricey .
0	zero flavor and dry as hell .
1	i ordered bruschetta and salad and my companions had soup and salad .
0	and it smells like a coffee shop should smell - like coffee .
1	however , we had the papaya salad as an appetizer and that was great .
0	needless to say , i will not go here again .
1	for our dinner , we were given a salad , entree , & tiramisu .
0	maybe it 's just the built in crowd .
1	my salad was missing _num_ items that were supposed to be on the salad .
0	and the food was terrible too !
1	even the salads were watery and bland .
0	the one rabbit is ( per statement vet ) not going to get better .
1	salad was somewhat wilted greens drenched in dressing .
0	it 's really frustrating .
1	wait , ceasar salad was ok !
0	everything else was sub-par .
1	the salad has been greatly reduced in size .
0	i have never visited a store with such a bad staff .
1	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
0	this review is for alterations only .
1	it took almost _num_ minutes to get our salad .
0	my boyfriend ordered the pork rice vermicelli bowl .
1	cheese fries , burgers , some salads , mediocre pasta , etc .
0	sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
1	cheap meat , crap salad bar , just awful .
0	tastes like crap but whatever , they serve it .
1	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	the salads are small and nothing to write about .
0	this review is more for the repair end of bbb .
1	the chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot .
0	olive garden seems like fine dining compared to this place .
1	i asked for my salad with no olives , it had olives .
0	i watch lidia on tv and have a lot of her recipes .
1	the salad was just so-so .
0	because of number two our service in general was not good .
1	$ _num_ salad , i can get that somewhere else with much better service .
0	way too expensive if you ask me .
1	the salad was nothing special .
0	horrible place !
1	the caesar salad was fine , but not inspiring .
0	i find it acceptable , but nothing special .
1	be warned that everything here comes with french fries , even the salads .
0	bad sauce with flavorless cheese .
1	my salad was disgusting , to be frank .
0	( they had run out of home fries ) .
1	his salad had no issues so all in all it was what we expected .
0	avoid this place at all costs .
1	it was so nasty , we did n't finish our salads .
0	never going back .
1	third , they completely use too much dressing on their salads .
0	all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
1	the chicken tasted great , the greek salad it was served on was flavorful .
0	i only gave it _num_ stars because i liked my mac and cheese .
1	my salad was serviced in a tea cup plate .
0	it 's also really expensive .
1	the salad was ... nothing short of horrific .
0	i keep forgetting how not good this location is .
1	the salad was basic iceberg lettuce and a few other veggies .
0	both experiences have been terrible .
1	everything except the salad had far more salt than necessary or even reasonable .
0	these people are very unprofessional and rude .
1	caesar salad should not be too spicy to eat .
0	it came with mashed potatoes which were definitely from a package .
1	the salad was just alright , nothing terribly impressive .
0	they do n't help you to find a table .
1	the salad was soggy too .
0	no sodas .
1	the salad dressing was okay , but missing something .
0	there were only two orders ahead of me , utterly ridiculous .
1	the beet salad was underwhelming .
0	she took me into the room of dresses and said to look around .
1	another thing they need to drop are those chopped salads .
0	i doubt we will go back , too many other choices .
1	i ordered seared ahi tuna salad .
0	the specials and menu prices are apparently wrong .
1	the salad was nasty , iceberg with some dressing that tasted like onions .
0	bad service and mediocre food served cold .
1	and a crap salad . )
0	i tried the pasta once and it was tasteless .
1	i prefer a crisp cold salad like most people .
0	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
1	the chicken salad is made with turkey .
0	the soup was a weird creamy mess .
1	does chicken salad hold a week in your fridge ?
