0	unless you sit at the bar , the service is poor .
1	i actually had to salt it because it was a little bland .
0	these people are the worst .
1	they have a salt problem .
0	am i still expected to keep waiting ?
1	the halibut was almost without salt .
0	i feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole .
1	the chef was very heavy on the salt !
0	she then went to get our drinks .
1	recently , they 've been able to get a super discount on salt .
0	the romaine is especially pitiful .
1	regarding the shrimp you really have to salt them heavily .
0	its really too bad , they are super close to my apartment .
1	all was bland and needed salt , and flavor all together .
0	will take my business elsewhere in the future .
1	no salt , no pepper ... not even on the steak !
0	the food is n't something to rave about but it 's edible .
1	no salt , no vinegar , nothing .
0	ummm no ?
1	some stuff was over salted and the chicken tikka was dry .
0	they served salad shortly my goodness this place was slow though .
1	they had salt and pepper squid , which again was okay .
0	the hot and sour soup was ok.
1	i even asked for salt and pepper and never got it .
0	def not worth the wait .
1	salt on salt on salt .
0	my moo shu chicken was mostly cabbage .
1	i thought my cod was adequate but rather tasteless and in need at salt .
0	not even a large one , either !
1	now , not worth the salt .
0	but last few times i have gone it has not taste the same .
1	it really tasted like it was thrown in a bucket of salt !
0	limited menu .
1	all i could taste was salt .
0	and the wait was always ridiculous to boot .
1	there was so much salt on it , i could n't eat it .
0	i give them a _num_ for presentation .
1	salt apparently is unheard of .
0	i sadly had to throw most of it away .
1	runny eggs and the steak was pure salt .
0	the food : plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying .
1	i should n't need to salt and hot sauce hash to give it flavor .
0	not my cut of tea .
1	well never had a salt lick described as a hamburger .
0	perhaps leftovers from the _num_ steakhouse sale .
1	overly salted entree as well as very salty side of roasted mushrooms .
0	i go once or twice a week roughly , but never again .
1	so i added more crushed chili and salt .
0	zero stars for service .
1	the flavor was overly salted & they put way too much sauce over it .
0	we ordered just soup and eggrolls for takeout .
1	salted fried chicken was too dry .
0	sad , very , very sad .
1	* food : salty , even after i requested no additional salt be added .
0	my bill came out to be higher than what 's listed on the menu .
1	any food without salt is tasteless .
0	beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks .
1	i even asked for low salt , low sugar , and low msg .
0	half the time you do n't understand what they speak in english .
1	the pastry dough was chewy , and lacked salt .
0	and the restaurant is empty !
1	this place is the equivalent of salt lick thai .
0	it is definitely not for me .
1	she said she 'd never had a bigger salt lick in her life .
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	a lobster and seafood sub that tasted like a salt and seafood sub .
0	the food was bad .
1	salt and pepper chicken wings has no salt which means bland .
0	the prices are too high for the quality .
1	then they ruined the fries by adding way too much salt .
0	sticky floors , bad smell , just general lack of housekeeping .
1	both were lacking salt .
0	the chicken tasted suspect and the rice was mushy .
1	no thanks , i like just salt and pepper .
0	i am disappointed .
1	these things had enough salt to turn lake michigan into a salt lake .
0	the only thing i liked was their ranch sauce .
1	fries were over salted the last _num_ times .
0	they refuse to put a camera in the package room , parking lot too .
1	someone apparently dropped an entire bag of salt in the hot n sour soup .
0	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
1	calamari had no taste even with the salt and pepper i added .
0	that aside , the crepes are okay , nothing special .
1	too much salt !
0	very bad service .
1	and today , i ordered fries and onion rings with no salt .
0	but no biggie - we agree to split into different tables .
1	the chips were a little stale and over salted .
0	the food is crap .
1	the sweet potato fries did come out without salt , as i requested .
0	ill pass i 've had better thai for less .
1	so ya there was really no taste except salt .
0	the soup was nothing to write home about .
1	do n't order the salt and pepper calamari !
0	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction .
1	no salt , no garlic , it sucked according to the husband .
0	i could n't agree more .
1	i added some soy sauce , japanese red pepper and salt & pepper .
0	it 's fairly disgusting ( sticky tables , trash everywhere ) .
1	there was no salt , spices , flavor , or color in anything .
0	the beer specials and _num_ .
1	i had to add salt and pepper and it was still tough and bland .
0	i 'm not joking about the water .
1	had flight from phoenix to salt lake that was delayed over _num_ minutes .
0	there was nothing really special about the food .
1	a little salt and pepper goes a long way .
0	selection of veggies are ok .
1	i like salt on pretzels , but this one had too much .
0	it was n't a memorable meal or experience .
1	not even salt .
0	it 's frustrating because they also do n't particularly need to work hard .
1	more bean sprouts than chicken and , again , needed so much salt .
0	for a professional chef 's restaurant the `` pasta '' was mediocre .
1	the chips had no salt and the salsa tasted like ketchup .
0	worst customer service .
1	i had salt at home i could have eaten .
0	it all snapped into place for me one day recently .
1	service was extremely slow for starters and the chips were cold and overly salted .
0	worst hotel i have yet to stay in as a consultant .
1	a little seasoning ( salt , pepper ? )
0	better luck next time .
1	the soup lacked salt , and had barely anything in it .
0	however , this past visit was unfortunate .
1	super weird consistency and zero salt .
0	i was hung up on twice before i could even get my order out .
1	the food was over salted , over sauced , and all fried .
0	faux wood floor makes everything echo .
1	again , it was me having a little food with my salt .
0	i never felt so ripped off .
1	edible , but a little salt would have gone a long way .
0	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
1	i might even venture to say that it had no salt .
0	the garnish had cheese on it the first time , not the 2nd .
1	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
0	there is no other way to describe everything in my room .
1	we had the crab linguine , and it to was overly salted .
0	again , very bland .
1	first , no salt bagels .
0	why would you not just get our drinks ?
1	the flavor was lacking - more butter or salt when you cook it .
0	very sad .
1	eggs were over salted and the presentation was not appealing .
0	he barely let me talk and continuously spoke over me .
1	after a while , all i could taste was the salt .
0	however some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross .
1	the truffles had two salted , one of which was milk chocolate .
0	overall , i just was n't very impressed with the food .
1	a little salt and pepper would help a lot .
0	what the hell !
1	the seasoned chips had no seasoning flavor or even salt that we could taste .
0	nope , it said $ _num_ for a master stylist women 's haircut .
1	yes , another salt lick that could double as a hockey puck .
0	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
1	the fish i had was very fishy and the sides were over salted .
0	now i am forced to put in another quarter to finish my load .
1	they leave some skin on and use a lot of salt .
0	slow , over priced , i 'll go elsewhere next time .
1	i kept asking for more refills of water to wash my salt down .
0	this store is not customer service friendly .
1	bad or non-existent flavors covered up by extra fat and too much salt .
0	my son and i then tasted it ... understood the face after that .
1	to add salt to wound , they used american sliced cheese it !
0	sadly , i was disappointed .
1	the food was cold and over salted .
0	this was a horrible experience .
1	it was not rock salt , i can tell the difference .
0	want to pay too much money for fish that smells like a sewer ?
1	the rice tasted like something out of a box minus the salt .
0	just awful customer service .
1	it was dingy broth and all i tasted was salt .
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table .
0	the chicken was also extremely dry .
1	it taste like they salted it then left it in an oven all day .
0	i asked for a pen , not a kidney .
1	anyway , the steak needed salt !
0	would that have been so difficult ?
1	even the butter for the bread was salted almost too much !
0	it 's a shame b/c better service would have made the experience decent .
1	they do n't use salt in their pasta .
0	the worst .
1	my fries were way too cool ( almost cold ) and lacked salt .
0	no potatoes or any other filling except a few peas .
1	there was absolute no salt or any spices added .
0	neither of us touched our dinner , we were afraid to eat it .
1	the gallon of salt in the wound = the bill !
0	very disappointing and frustrating .
1	fries were not salted and were tasteless .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	no cilantro , no salt and pepper , bland !
0	have n't you been to any restaurants , like , ever ?
1	it was more like salt shrimp .
0	there were some pieces which could not be cut by my knife .
1	my fries and onion rings are covered in salt .
0	last week i went in with a busted window screen frame .
1	gumbo was a bit watery and a pinch of salt would n't have hurt .
0	they squeezed _num_ people into _num_ small tables given the restaurant was fairly empty .
1	taste like noodles , salt , and water .
0	note that risotto , the only entree with a price , is $ _num_ .
1	which i found odd that there was zero salt on the rim .
0	took over an hour , cost $ _num_ , broke my air filter .
1	meat was it , meat with no salt , no pepper .
0	go back to the way it was done before .
1	it was drenched in salt .
0	i rarely give bad reviews , but this was a pretty horrible food experience .
1	the mango flavoring was faint and there was very little salt on the glass .
0	i wish i would have taken a picture .
1	we had to add salt to our king salmon , which was $ _num_ .
0	the concept is just so olive garden .
1	the food was blah so i had to salt everything .
0	lost sale opportunity .
1	nothing had been salted whatsoever .
0	these folks are not honest and just want you out of there quickly .
1	both steaks seemed to be severely lacking in the salt department .
0	overall , let me say that the restaurant is becoming dated .
1	oh my god the salt tanks are terrible what the heck happened .
0	_num_ after tip .
1	like someone through some soy sauce and salt in a pan .
0	we tried to explain this and the clerk said nope , not allowed .
1	edamame was cold and not even salted .
0	( they had run out of home fries ) .
1	way over salted , meat tough .
0	this has always been my least favorite wendy 's .
1	it was very bland even after adding salt and pepper .
0	nothing updated , nothing new , nothing fresh .
1	the oil was ... vegetable oil with salt & pepper .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	our food was cold and the fries taste like we 're eating salt packs .
0	on a tuesday night , there was a long wait .
1	the vegetables were cooked well but tasted mostly of salt .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	next the beans too are lack flavor other than a lot of salt .
0	it is ridiculous !
1	i could n't taste salt or pepper or garlic or even feel any heat .
0	the staff called the cops who are apparently there but not doing anything .
1	it did n't get any better with salt .
0	if no stars could be given that would be more accurate .
1	it was flavorless and i had to add a ton of salt .
0	the pool is strictly a lap pool .
1	the bread is baked with rosemary and topped with butter and salt .
0	in the future i 'll stick with scoops for my neighborhood ice cream fix .
1	the fries were bland with no salt but still crunchy .
0	six days and it cost _num_ dollars .
1	i tried one and it tasted like salt and ass .
0	the meat was n't special .
1	the _num_ roll was way salty ( mouth is still salted out ) .
0	'
1	all items were very bland and we had to add salt .
0	the place smells of smoke .
1	the marinara sauce was so plain with no salt or spices .
0	we sat outside and the service was very slow .
1	the cheddar biscuits were way to salty and i love salt .
0	the price was fair and the delivery driver was nice .
1	everything was bland , nothing had seasoning , not even basic salt .
0	they apparently do n't care about your time or money .
1	for my drink , i ordered a frozen mango margarita with salt .
0	refused all of those .
1	generic , overly salted and way overpriced .
0	worst mcdonalds in the united states of america .
1	too much salt added to all the dishes we had .
0	if they say yes , the bread is likely to be eaten .
1	i had a bite of the salmon , yuck salt .
0	the gentleman told me it would be about _num_ minutes .
1	you could n't taste any spice just salt and sour .
0	not clean , either .
1	unfortunately salt does not stick to cold fries .
0	_num_ .
1	the pepper salt chicken was nasty .
0	the staff i dealt with could not have cared less about helping me .
1	he returned with a blended margarita with no salt .
0	not good at all .
1	again no salt or seasoning .
0	did n't she have my slip with the card number ?
1	the only thing i could taste was salt and msg .
0	no acknowledgement when we arrive .
1	a little seasoning ( salt & pepper ) would have gone a long way .
0	the damage was done .
1	my tongue still hurts due to the volume of salt .
0	forget the fact that mcdonald 's food is n't great .
1	i could n't taste salt , pepper , garlic , anything .
0	_num_ $ for a plain roast beef forget that !
1	food was salty and i like salt but this was just bad .
0	it , technically is in shadyside so your mercedes will be safe !
1	there was absolutely no salt of them when they came out .
0	Neutral
1	does n't come with any salt and pepper nor soup .
0	szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
1	it tasted like a mix of chili powder and salt .
0	the restaurant has the diner feel , no doubt .
1	it was just salt in the wound after an already lengthy delay .
0	$ _num_ for two fish tacos ?
1	my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick .
0	the staff 's attitude is straight out of the big apple .
1	this place barely uses any flavor other than salt and msg .
0	$ _num_ a week plus gone from them .
1	- the meat is overly seasoned ; coated head to toe with salt .
0	my experience here was terrible .
1	there was absolutely no salt on anything and no flavor .
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	overall with the oil and salt , it was somewhat difficult to eat .
0	it 's either just decent , or just plain bad .
1	the steaks themselves could 've used a bit of salt and pepper .
0	this place is terrible .
1	the food here tastes like they just pour salt on everything way too much .
0	the little bit of bacon it did have was burnt .
1	( fine dining ) there was parmesan but no salt or pepper .
0	the `` ambiance '' is loud , dark , dingy and depressing .
1	pizza was old , cold and had so much salt it was insane .
0	otherwise , it stinks .
1	not sure if its salt or msg .
0	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
1	but missing either some spice , salt etc .
0	we had to send the potatoes back because they were cold .
1	i ordered a margarita with no salt .
0	who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
1	even adding salt and pepper did not help it .
0	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
1	yes , it tasted like frozen salt water seafood .
0	entrees were half off but all looked mediocre .
1	apparently , it 's salt .
0	visited with a party of _num_ last weekend for a friend 's birthday .
1	the cheddar biscuits were heavily salted , almost to much to handle .
0	i will not go back again .
1	crispy calamari with salt and pepper was huge ripped off .
0	i asked the waitress ... did n't this come with the mango salsa topping ?
1	the crab could n't even be tasted , as the salt overwhelmed everything .
0	poor customer service .
1	the vegetarian dishes that we had were a little short on salt .
0	to further add to the drama , the parking garage has virtually no signage !
1	the meat had no flavor whatsoever not even salt .
0	actually there was nothing basement like about it .
1	the prosciutto tasted more like salted pork .
0	their orange juice is never too tart , never too sweet .
1	i was unable to finish a single dish because everything was drenched in salt .
0	do not do business with these people .
1	again , they really needed salt & pepper .
0	they just keep finding excuses and trying not to be responsible for it .
1	not as crispy as others stated and they needed salt !
0	in total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food .
1	over salted and lacked any other taste to it than that .
0	i wasted $ _num_ for nothing because they did n't do a through job .
1	the salt and pepper calamari was a suggestion from my waiter .
0	he said that he could not take it and referred me to the manager .
1	had a bacon egg and cheese on a salt bagel this morning .
0	this was some of the worst food i 've ever had .
1	i asked for salt and pepper , did n't help .
0	the wine list is lacking .
1	their pickle taste like its been marinated in salt .
0	_num_ .
1	no amount of butter and salt could save that corn .
0	however , there was no way i was sending it back .
1	they were burnt and had absolutely no seasoning , not even salt .
0	which is just weird in a restaurant setting .
1	it had no taste of roast beef , just salt and sour .
0	worst chinese food ever .
1	besides , rock salt would not cut my gum . '
0	i thought this was way too much .
1	or soggy ass salt shrimp .
0	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
1	fries were overcooked , hardly any salt , and old tasting .
0	okay , i 'm not from pittsburgh .
1	the beer battered zucchini rings were over salted .
0	holly on the way to _num_ .
1	salt does not equal flavor .
0	`` ok , sir .
1	this sauce was sour cream cucumber and some salt .
0	this is place is no longer what it used to be .
1	everything we ate was either too salty or no salt .
0	everyone hates it ... and unfortunately i drive it frequently .
1	you could actually crunch through chunks of salt on top of it .
0	i chose the hot and sour soup .
1	about the only thing i could add was salt or pepper .
0	we went for a second opinion elsewhere and i 'm glad we did .
1	both the scottsdale police and salt river police know this carwash well .
0	this guy seems nice but he 's actually not .
1	soup was just barely lukewarm & way over salted .
0	this silky 's pub place is a complete joke .
1	so , take their sign with a big grain of salt .
0	for a sandwich advertised to have delicious bacon , this fell way short .
1	the sauce tasted and had the consistency like a over salted tomato juice .
0	the disappointment was it was over-cooked .
1	absent salt , pepper , and herbs of any kind .
0	i have n't felt this ripped off in a very long time .
1	the general sauce taste like pure salt .
0	overpriced , terrible customer service , and long wait times .
1	again to my surprise i received an overcooked burger loaded with salt .
0	almost all of the tires sold on site are foreign .
1	the fries it came with were dry and covered with a lot of salt .
0	just had the worst experience at a nail salon .
1	the chicken had no salt , the eggplant in it had no salt .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	salmon skin salad was tiny and tasted only of salt .
0	this used to be my favorite place uptown .
1	the food was bland , everything needed salt .
0	, i would have never known .
1	last night i had to salt the lamb dish b/c it was so flat .
0	terrible .
1	they were salted , crispy , and hot .
0	atmosphere was bad .
1	the burnt ends were also overly salted not enough pepper on the bark .
