0	this is a gathering place for human garbage anymore .
1	we were seated and ordered our drinks and all was well .
0	she thought the potato side was just so-so .
1	once we did get seated , service was slow and really bad .
0	recently it changed ownership and sadly the results are horrific .
1	minutes to be seated .
0	and not giving real receipts ( they use hand written ones ! )
1	in my mind a reservation at _num_ means you get seated around _num_ .
0	it also was served at room temperature .
1	we were greeted by friendly gentleman who seated us on the main lower floor .
0	fish market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity or new management .
1	she said they would n't seat them because i was n't there .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the salad with the lobster roll , hold the bread .
1	ridiculously soft and uncomfortable toilet seat is falling off .
0	ca n't give this place anything lower than _num_ star .
1	`` excuse me , would you mind if these _num_ were seated before you ?
0	his poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday .
1	it was pretty busy so we waited for maybe _num_ minutes before being seated .
0	but this was nasty .
1	when we were finally seated , the waiter was snooty .
0	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
1	we were seated promptly without a reservation and the waiter quickly took our order .
0	those expectations kind of fell flat .
1	already upset by the poor first impression i walked out before i was seated .
0	i would rather have eaten a mcdonald 's burger and fries .
1	they were n't too busy , so we were quickly seated outside .
0	_num_ .
1	there was just one table of _num_ seated and eating when i arrived .
0	ugh .
1	now i see why everyone was in their seats at _num_ pm talking .
0	their fries are also soggy and gross .
1	it was so loud , i jumped out of my seat haha .
0	summary : very noisy , terrible service .
1	me and some friends walk in and get seated last saturday night .
0	we had no silverware , had to request it repeatedly .
1	went in and was promptly seated .
0	very disappointed .
1	as there were very few people there , lots of open seats were available .
0	i want to like this place , but just ca n't .
1	establishment was not busy at all , decided to seat ourselves at the bar .
0	do n't go here for anything but the walls and music .
1	there is _num_ couple waiting to be seated ahead of us .
0	i could n't wait to get out of there .
1	not sure what their structure is for seating , but they suck at it .
0	i 've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced .
1	it was n't very crowded , so we were seated right away .
0	that said ... for _num_ people , my lunch tab came to $ _num_ .
1	once seated , it took forever to get service .
0	will not go eat there again !
1	once we were seated it went downhill .
0	the fourth got his about _num_ minutes later and his food was terrible .
1	i had trouble finding a seat since most had trash or were dirty .
0	my bf got the steak with battered shrimp .
1	our party was seated _num_ minutes after ordering .
0	the chicken in the chicken and broccoli was so small and it looked disgusting .
1	hostess greeted the group quickly and was ready to seat us .
0	safe to say , i was really upset and disappointed when i left .
1	i also did not like that we were seated at a high top table .
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	once seated , service was extremely slow .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	walk in around lunch time and was greeted and seated right away .
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	she simply said that sometimes they are n't told when someone is seated outside .
0	another sour note , they dropped off some spring rolls at our table .
1	they did n't bother to lift up the car seat to vacuum under it .
0	the sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive .
1	the seats are narrow and uncomfortable , and the staff is rude and unprofessional .
0	_num_ .
1	i 'm used to airports in cali where every seat has a charger .
0	it was just inedible .
1	probably the worst seats i 've ever sat in .
0	just sad there customer service sucks .
1	by the time we boarded our bus , many seats were taken .
0	ordered the lobster mac n cheese as an appetizer .
1	when i walked in they would n't seat me !
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	_num_ minutes after we were seated , we finally had the chance to order .
0	greasy and the batter was peeling off .
1	_num_ mins later and we were finally seated .
0	too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
1	we wait about _num_ minutes to be seated .
0	either way , no need for rudeness .
1	first , bad service ; you seat yourself and wait .
0	the dining area is brighter than the rest of the restaurant .
1	reservation does n't mean you are getting a seat !
0	crust not cooked enough etc i hope this is not a trend .
1	seats are so uncomfortable and everything is so over priced .
0	i 'm sure there 's still a lot of room for improvement , however .
1	we walk in the door , are seated , and handed the simple menu .
0	the color of the dish was as bland as the taste .
1	they do n't clean urine off the toilet seats .
0	but its definitely not worth the money .
1	supposedly they do not take reservations , but they were unable to seat us .
0	i do n't understand why people love this place .
1	things like dining options , free wifi , charging outlets and seating areas .
0	when i asked the receptionist where the stylist was , she did n't know .
1	for patrons that would benefit from seating this is unacceptable .
0	the carrots and broccoli was cooked beyond recognition .
1	waited _num_ minutes , and no one came to seat me .
0	they seem overpriced , too .
1	none of that stalls have sanitary pads for the toilet seats either .
0	in total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food .
1	no problem , we were seated right away .
0	the food was also disappointing .
1	the table was not completely cleared nor reset when we were seated .
0	_num_ but i rounded down .
1	by the amount of empty seats the problem is your food pricing .
0	it was all i could taste .
1	we were seated promptly and our drink order was taken .
0	her corned beef was brown and bad .
1	however , lots of seats since the place was empty .
0	needless to say i was extremely disappointed .
1	i arrived _num_ min early was greeted and seated on time .
0	i was also disappointed that they do n't serve brown rice .
1	they have tables but really low seats and some tables with high stools .
0	otherwise it was _num_ miles .
1	waited to be seated for _num_ minutes , no one greeted us .
0	they did not offer me a chance to pay for it .
1	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
0	_num_ which seems to be a never ending construction zone .
1	we were seated immediately , and the waitress was friendly .
0	there is an ok number of beers on tap .
1	the last unfortunate meal i ate there , we were seated by a group .
0	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
1	we waited over _num_ mins to be seated in an empty restaurant .
0	going downhill ... ... man , what happened to this place ?
1	terrible wait staff could n't even seat us .
0	while waiting , i used the ladies restroom .
1	they are rude and have dirty car seats .
0	having curly hair , i 've had my fair share of terrible haircuts .
1	once seated our server stopped by very quickly to get drink orders and apps .
0	the bride chose a dress hoping it would look better in a smaller size .
1	delayed flights all around and sharing seating with another gate is ridiculous .
0	when i say they messed up one of our pants , they destroyed it .
1	the manager juan was and idiot and said he was not seating anybody .
0	_num_ .
1	we walked in , were handed menus and told to seat ourselves .
0	to many restaurants want my patronage .
1	although , the group selected afterwards were seated promptly .
0	shady and terribly run nail salon .
1	they would not seat my girlfriend until i arrived .
0	pros : it 's like living in an apt .
1	so they said they would run it through again and vacuum the seats .
0	terrible service .
1	we went for dinner tonight around 7pm and we were seated immediately .
0	we ordered _num_ family portions of _num_ different dishes .
1	we were seated immediately in the back room which was empty when we arrived .
0	the internet is so slow it is not functional for basic email .
1	waited to be seated and told the were out of chips .
0	_num_ minutes later ... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there .
1	it was about _num_ minutes before we were finally seated .
0	if i had to use one word to describe my experience : depressing .
1	my seats were not vacuumed .
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	after being seated , it took our waiter forever to come to our table .
0	was n't impressed .
1	i was promptly seated in a chair and then forgotten about for _num_ minutes .
0	too bad after all these prior good reviews .
1	not enough seats and it 's like going back to the 80s .
0	on top of that , my meatballs were quite dry , even in soup .
1	they gave me a mask and told me to have a seat .
0	the older man that took us to the table could have done nicer .
1	but when we got inside and seated it wasnt that busy .
0	worst experience of my life .
1	when we were seated i noticed a very bad odor immediately .
0	but the situation inside is fairly ridiculous .
1	the ac sucks & they do n't accommodate seating for large families .
0	the gun shot great , unfortunately the staff and facilities were well below par .
1	we waited _num_ mins to be seated that was no big deal .
0	the menu was small and underwhelming .
1	as tables became available he would seat groups that he knew and/or had reservations .
0	_num_ were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered _num_ .
1	average wait time to be seated and for food to arrive .
0	_num_ ) write down orders so you do n't forget .
1	never getting out of their seats at any point of our visit .
0	the bartenders attitude were like `` we r annoyed cause we r there '' .
1	at 1pm , with lots of open tables , they could n't seat me .
0	we have had vietnamese food in other states before but here is the worst .
1	we exit the line , $ _num_ lighter , and find a seat .
0	maybe it 's nostalgia for the cigar but i thought he looked ridiculous .
1	after being seated , the server was great , the food not so much .
0	sat at the bar at about _num_ saturday for appetizers and drinks .
1	on such a nice night , no outside seating ?
0	i would n't wish this place on my own worst enemy .
1	after i was seated no one came around for another _num_ minutes .
0	besides the staff being extremely unprofessional , the wait time is always long .
1	worth the long wait to be seated .
0	do not stay here .
1	wait , how did they even get seated ?
0	my food was plain and boring .
1	the person at the front taking names and seating people was downright rude .
0	i had the linguine carbonara and it was more like scrambled eggs and noodles .
1	stopped in for dinner tonight and was greeted promptly and seated very quickly .
0	this is the worst line i have ever seen in my life .
1	when we walked in we were seated promptly in a nice section .
0	the specials and menu prices are apparently wrong .
1	moderately busy , but seated right away .
0	too bad .
1	first off , the seating area for continental airlines is really small .
0	save your money on the chili cheese fries .
1	walked in , host seating us without any greeting .
0	my new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank .
1	once we were seated , we were rushed through our breakfast .
0	why did n't i go with them first ?
1	long wait to be seated .
0	horrible service .
1	we were seated quickly but had terrible service !
0	the wonton soup was watery , and the wontons were inedible .
1	seating too close together .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	why would you even try to seat us like that ?
0	it was not a gluten free menu at all !
1	the person that seated us was curt and unfriendly .
0	this was some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
1	car seats were dirty and old .
0	as much as i hate olive garden ... i would preferred that .
1	unfortunately we were seated in an odd area in the back of the restaurant .
0	so this past friday i held a birthday dinner for my mother here .
1	first , there was no wait to get seated , which is always appreciated .
0	this appetizer reminded me of my mother 's irish cooking : tasteless .
1	the passenger seat is wet .
0	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
1	the seats are cramped and uncomfortable .
0	it 's sad to me that someone would open a coffee shop like this .
1	took forever to get seated , took even longer to get waited on .
0	i was not impressed by anything here .
1	no wait to be seated .
0	this was a complete waste of my time and money .
1	sat in a different seat and that seat did n't work as well .
0	the broccoli was terrible .
1	as we walked in we were told to seat ourselves .
0	a complete waste of $ _num_ .
1	ancient stained plastic toilet seat .
0	worst dry cleaners ever .
1	i was seated and served a complimentary salad .
0	i would n't even have cooked this way for an enemy .
1	these seats are very uncomfortable !
0	the crust was super doughy and the cheese was pretty gross .
1	how were _num_ people in the _num_ seat restaurant and one small takeout order .
0	i was a little salty with her , i 'll admit .
1	it gets crowded in no time , and there is minimal seating for parents .
0	either case , i 'm not thrilled .
1	once seated , we then wait for our waiter to arrive .
0	but it was quite underwhelming .
1	when i arrived , i was seated quickly and greeted by a stylist .
0	waitress was throwing plates on the table .
1	after this i still waited about _num_ minutes before being seated .
0	this silky 's pub place is a complete joke .
1	we had to wait more than _num_ minutes to finally get seated .
0	this last experience was by far the most disappointing .
1	the people sitting behind me were moving and it was shaking my whole seat .
0	it was very cold .
1	two tables total seated eating .
0	but then i got my chicken lemongrass soup .
1	after we were seated and ordered our food did not all come out together .
0	the top was n't even and was kind of a mess .
1	the couple seated long after us had already eaten their steaks and gone home .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our drink order .
1	_num_ min from when seated . )
0	my roasted duck breast with spinach and gnocchi was not hot .
1	was told a _num_ minute wait but was n't seated for _num_ hrs !
0	hostess was extremely unprofessional and rude !
1	the seats are not upgraded in the terminal like many other airports .
0	and when the dessert came it was ice cold and solid as a rock .
1	today as i stood at the register waiting for someone to seat me .
0	i guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene .
1	i was seated and given a menu , and that is where it ended .
0	and then _num_ minutes later , a fifth entree was brought out .
1	the waiter seated us -- close to the kitchen , i realized with disappointment .
0	my burger was as dry as a burnt piece of chicken .
1	after we were seated they brought us bread and _num_ packets of butter .
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	we left after about _num_ minutes after being seated .
0	when i walked in the place was empty .
1	we walked in and there we some other parties seated waiting .
0	i ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server .
1	the seats are so uncomfortable and impossible to sleep in .
0	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
1	love they take you to your seat through the kitchen .
0	i 'm so disappointed in my experience at the carnegie library !
1	we walked in and were seated promptly .
0	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
1	we were seated immediately because it was n't too crowded ( bad sign ) .
0	but i think that the service was absolutely terrible .
1	you wait to be seated while staff walk by you avoiding eye contact .
0	$ _num_ for wedding soup ?
1	reason i book reservation is to have enough seats ahead of time .
0	we were willing to try again , so we went for dinner tonight .
1	there 's no toilet seat !
0	even the bread was stale .
1	we get here and are seated quickly thanks to our reservation .
0	disgusting .
1	i stood there over _num_ minutes waiting to be seated .
0	it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
1	i went to the hostess and asked to be seated away from location .
0	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
1	i arrived for lunch at 11am and was seated immediately .
0	smh ... customer service is clearly not on their priority list .
1	atmosphere was loud and crowded seats together .
0	i 'm sure the ending does n't get much better .
1	_num_ where are the seats ?
0	i am sad to report that this too was tasteless .
1	you can smell cigarette smoke while waiting to be seated .
0	we did n't , as this was our first visit .
1	better luck when seated at the bar , on past visits .
0	he did nothing to compensate us for the long wait .
1	plus 's - free wifi , no arms on seats .
0	something that was supposed to be a treat for me turned into a headache .
1	it was not crowded and we were seated and served promptly .
0	that was not fair to her and definitely not fair to us .
1	the staff said only seating outside for right now .
0	bad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around .
1	they could n't tell us when we would be seated .
0	my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick .
1	we did n't get our food ordered until an hour after being seated .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get someone to take the bill .
1	waited _num_ minutes to be seated .
0	i called to complain and they hung up on me .
1	stood at the front waiting to be seated for over _num_ minutes .
0	did n't live up to my expectations at all .
1	once seated , i practically had to beg for a wine list .
0	the steak was tough and tasteless .
1	the place was pretty dead and we were seated right away .
0	but it was not happening at this place !
1	the shop is extremely small with maybe seating for about _num_ .
0	there is no option for zero stars so i was forced to give one .
1	no wait time , seated us fast .
0	( i was _num_ cars away ) .
1	we were seated and our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable .
0	horrible experience .
1	also almost fell out of the booth because the bench seat was broken .
0	do not waste money here .
1	finally someone came from the back to seat us in the nearly empty restaurant .
0	my wife had the chicken pesto pasta .
1	the toilet was not seated properly , because they did not level the floor .
0	i use to pass by this place all the time .
1	we were seated quickly for a friday night and the server was fine .
0	the worst part , though , is the service .
1	finally got seated and waited _num_ minutes for waters and then ate mediocre food .
0	we are talking a plain bottle with mystery ketchup .
1	we were seated immediately , however our server was not a good one .
0	it was humongous but not that tasty , pretty dry .
1	when seated finally she had a bad attitude .
0	okay , shame on us for not asking .
1	_num_ minutes go by and none of the couples before us have been seated .
0	not a ton of flavor there either .
1	every time we are seated in the dining area it 's a bad experience .
0	never will be coming back here again .
1	finally seated , _num_ mins before they took our order .
0	unfortunately , this is the only game in town .
1	and the seats are certainly not designed for sleeping .
0	this place is very below average .
1	did n't wait long to be seated .
0	there is no excuse .
1	i watched two seats at their bar remain dirty and empty for _num_ minutes .
0	this is supposed to be the best burgers in the 'burgh .
1	eventually left because we could n't get seated at full service table .
0	all the sales associates are extremely useful and educated .
1	dinner was going great until a cockroach ran down the back of my seat .
0	there has to be better gyms in the area .
1	after being seated , we orders drinks and an app .
0	what a shame !
1	the waiters pretty much ignore you once you are seated .
0	it costs $ _num_ for a manicure and $ _num_ for a pedicure .
1	fist we wait _num_ mins or so to be seated .
0	horrible service !
1	the guy that seated us was n't personable at all .
0	avoid eating or drinking anything here .
1	surprisingly , we did n't have to wait long to get our seats .
0	the next time i returned , i made an appointment with a different stylist .
1	_num_ hours later , we got seated and ignored .
0	it was n't edible .
1	my seat was very lumpy .
0	stopped in before the panthers sunday night game .
1	we arrived at moto and were seated promptly at a table by the bar .
0	when we checked out i spoke to manager & showed her my bites .
1	two parties that came in after us were seated next to dirty tables .
0	i came in with a flat .
1	stood around for at least _num_ minutes before we were seated .
0	the sauce was disappointing .
1	after being seated , it took _num_ minutes before they took our drink order .
0	nah ... why bother when there are so many other options around .
1	the seats looked and felt disgusting , and i was really disappointed !
0	i really could n't believe this .
1	the restaurant is less than half full ... we are quickly seated .
0	so , needless to say , not the best experience .
1	the table was very small with seats that will make you uncomfortable .
0	my biggest complaint is that our shower was n't clean .
1	no one should have to wait that long after being seated .
0	needless to say ... i will never go there again !
1	i did n't know they were n't the same as the other seats .
0	you are better off going to another nearby dry cleaner .
1	was seated for _num_ min and no wait staff came to take our order .
0	the host was horrendous and extremely rude .
1	not enough seating in terminal area .
0	this review is for alterations only .
1	there were n't any toilet seat covers .
0	Negative
1	we were seated and then waited _num_ minutes to even be greeted .
