0	caesar salad was drowning in tart dressing .
1	the beer selection is n't that great and the upstairs bar is not full .
0	the manager here needs better training .
1	the sushi selection was just ok on the night that we went .
0	this is a neighborhood denny 's with a bar .
1	the selection is really , really slim .
0	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
1	the prices looked comparable to fry 's , but not nearly the selection .
0	i always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard .
1	so not a great selection .
0	we did n't do the lay river however because the lines were ridiculous .
1	the selection was dreadful .
0	the service is terrible .
1	the selection is lackluster with really no great finds .
0	i could n't taste salt , pepper , garlic , anything .
1	very limited color selection .
0	sadly , i was disappointed .
1	then there 's the poor selection of beer , four peaks ?
0	good food , but i wo n't be in a hurry to go back .
1	the meat quality sucks and the selection is limited .
0	but it 's soooooo bland !
1	wine selection is very weak .
0	save your money and make spaghetti at home !
1	the selection is severely lacking .
0	the location is n't ideal ; on the side of a busy highway .
1	poor hours , selection and service .
0	it does nothing to support the brand of lidia .
1	i get there , look at their giant selection and get excited .
0	!
1	i was disappointed with the selection of food as well .
0	actually just had an awful experience with a manager named chris .
1	unfortunately there is not a large selection of modern furniture in phoenix .
0	they can not even cook edamame , it was undercooked and cold .
1	_num_ stars for the awesome beer selection .
0	it was not enjoyable .
1	menu is relatively limited , with no real appetizer selections .
0	the fried chicken was pretty bland .
1	very limited selection , and the food looked old and wilted .
0	it was around 11:30 and the restaurant was mostly empty .
1	freakin ' hibachi grill has way more selection .
0	Neutral
1	selection on what we needed was poor , too !
0	not only was it disgusting , but it cost us about $ _num_ .
1	the wine selection is laughable for a place with wine in the name .
0	sorry , we will never step foot in here again .
1	two stars for good beer selection , but lots of better choices nearby .
0	but this gives me the chance to tell you how terrible the cannoli was .
1	they have a variety of stuff , but not a good selection of anything .
0	next up , the `` general tso 's bean curd . ''
1	class selection is n't big and hardly have any history classes .
0	but waited over _num_ minutes for them to take our order .
1	not a good selection of beads in my opinion .
0	tables are often dirty .
1	i was very displeased with the size selections .
0	basically , this was the worst roll i could imagine .
1	there were was a very limited color selection , which was the first disappointment .
0	it took almost _num_ minutes to get our salad .
1	great selection , lacking service .
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	the selection is _num_ stars imho , but the customer service gets _num_ stars .
0	glad this is all over .
1	menu selection disappointing .
0	_num_ .
1	they have a very limited beer selection as well .
0	i 've been here a few times and have always been disappointed .
1	they have a good selection , we just felt really unwelcome .
0	not my cut of tea .
1	the easter brunch was less than impressive with limited selections .
0	the food was also disappointing .
1	selection is n't too good at this one .
0	atmosphere is awesome ... food is terrible .
1	i thought the selection on the menu was pretty poor .
0	service here is pretty bad .
1	while azteca had the largest selection , it just is n't worth it .
0	only because i live nearby .
1	they have minimal selection and the prices are nothing to get excited about .
0	_num_ minutes later my date had finished his meal and my fries were gone .
1	very pricy for the types of selections to choose from .
0	dried food stuck on silverware , glasses , and plates .
1	spoke with joe he was helpful in tire selection .
0	but got the invoice three days before i got the estimate .
1	poor saki selection .
0	i was a little dissatisfied in how poorly i welcomed to the hotel .
1	product selection is alright too .
0	the small package was _num_ dollars .
1	for starters , i find thier food selection odd .
0	i was not impressed with the sushi either .
1	selection a bit limited and noisy when busy .
0	there was also no pineapple chutney .
1	store seemed small and cramped and the music selection leaves everything to be desired .
0	not impressed .
1	so he continued to stand by me as i looked at the selection .
0	while that was decent , it was n't exciting either .
1	the car selection is bad too .
0	high prices , horrible service !
1	however , i was surprised by the reasonable beer selection and the nice menu .
0	they are in terrible shape .
1	horrible color selection , rude staff and plain and simple junk job .
0	and , all were nothing to write home about .
1	this store is dirty and unorganized with horrible selection .
0	because there regular food is mall grade at best .
1	the food was ok but not much of a selection .
0	but you know how some dive bars have charm ?
1	the employees are rude , the selection is terrible and the store is dirty .
0	the food came out quickly enough .
1	sake selection is small , _num_ or _num_ low end choices .
0	owners should know how they are being represented at the front register .
1	not a good selection of food .
0	even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us .
1	i also thought they had a poor color selection at this place .
0	service gets _num_ stars and food gets _num_ stars .
1	the game selection is not too bad .
0	it was a super rude way of dealing with that situation .
1	poor beer , wine and food selection ( as in no selection ) .
0	why even keep this historical , old , dingy , dirty room ?
1	also , there pastry selection is always inconsistent .
0	usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese .
1	( except for the lack of selection ! )
0	not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience .
1	however , they have several cooked selections .
0	why would you even try to seat us like that ?
1	i really hate the selection here and the prices are higher than other 's .
0	carpet looks really dirty .
1	to say that the dessert selection was uninspired is a severe understatement .
0	very poor .
1	the selection was slim to non .
0	for the main course , i selected the gnocchi and grilled sausage .
1	view is good , beer selection is poor .
0	needless to say we left , and we will not be going back .
1	selection is poor .
0	if i could give this place _num_ starts i would .
1	it has very few dinner specials and a poor beer selection .
0	disgusting .
1	wine selection was average and overpriced .
0	stick to a boutique if you want real customer service .
1	there are better buffets with greater selections around the same price .
0	we were ... disappointed .
1	they had a very limited selection of draft , so i tried something new .
0	not worth your money !
1	awful beer selection .
0	my boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and i got a cheddar burger .
1	the selection available at this store is just terrible .
0	yes , just like a bad date , we were done in _num_ minutes .
1	the selection looked appetizing , but tasted horrible .
0	very dim lighting somewhere between romantic and creepy .
1	hardly any selection on halloween make up .
0	the potato salad was awesome everything else was super sub par .
1	no selection and feels pretty cramped .
0	absolutely horrible customer service !
1	i do n't care how good the food is or the beer selection .
0	probably give it another shot but not my first choice considering the prices .
1	so i guess that was a bad selection .
0	pros : it 's like living in an apt .
1	selection sucks .
0	so disappointed !
1	he advised it had a wide selection and a helpful and knowledgeable staff .
0	not a good first impression .
1	selection of veggies are ok .
0	it 's not .
1	horrible selection , never has my size .
0	big groups of patrons led to pretty slow service .
1	place is so small and has no selection .
0	the pasta was overcooked and the shrimp just sort of were there .
1	the desert selection was limited to some terrible pie and chocolate and vanilla pudding .
0	will never stop here again .
1	the pho 's a bit pricey and they 're very short on selection variety .
0	the place just seemed small and shabby to me .
1	the selection was horrible .
0	good store - rude owners and employees .
1	they have a large selection of beers , and very attentive staff .
0	do n't use the drive-thru .
1	the selection was meat , pork , chicken and fish .
0	i substituted steamed rice for the fried rice .
1	regardless of this , the selection of movies online was extremely lacking .
0	i suppose , then , i should n't have been surprised by the food .
1	they had a crappy and small sake selection and their cheapest bottle was _num_ .
0	ca n't give this place anything lower than _num_ star .
1	the beer selection is very basic .
0	do they train them to be rude and ignorant ?
1	was n't overly impressed with the food or beer selection .
0	made a one night stay $ _num_ .
1	the odd food selections are maybe a cross between southern style and fake chinese .
0	rude .
1	pretty nice selection though , maybe they had something that would have worked .
0	this is by far the worst thai restaurant i 've ever been to .
1	poor mic selection too .
0	pizza is pretty bland and there is nothing remarkable about it .
1	i also did n't think the selection for bridal shower items was very impressive .
0	to be smooth after only one pedicure . ''
1	meh selection , lame produce and meat , good bakery and deli .
0	obvious they could care less .
1	there was a very large selection of seed beads .
0	too slow service .
1	the food selection is basically wings , burgers and pizza .
0	he also went on to give me the fastest haircut i 've ever had .
1	and no beef selection .
0	not even the shuttle goes anywhere useful .
1	they have a good selection but their store is not laid out very well .
0	the guy was obviously knowledgable about mattresses but he was rude and condescending .
1	i get disappointed because there are not healthier selections here .
0	service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly .
1	the selection was not unique , though there were plenty of dresses .
0	i did n't even say goodbye to the friend who had brought me there .
1	the selection was ok for the clothes , but the prices were extraordinary .
0	the `` customer '' service and pharmacy are terrible at this location !
1	service , small selection and mediocre food .
0	that completely turned us away from this restaurant .
1	least impressive to me was the food selection .
0	the food was underwhelming and pricey .
1	good for a cheap lunch , but very americanized selection .
0	i would n't take somewhere here as a pittsburgh destination though .
1	very limited selection for the mongolian bbq .
0	this place really did suck .
1	this place was kind of dry and not a great selection of salsa .
0	that was not fair to her and definitely not fair to us .
1	not a huge selection of books .
0	in the future i 'll stick with scoops for my neighborhood ice cream fix .
1	i was a bit disappointed in the selection .
0	the coffee is okay , nothing special .
1	their selection was incredibly limited .
0	i 'm never going back , and you should n't either .
1	this store really lacks selection .
0	poor quality work .
1	as a breakfast option : not fresh , low fruit selection , expensive .
0	so frustrated .
1	come on folks , find someone who knows wine to pick a good selection .
0	presentation was so so and the taste of the food was mediocre .
1	the service was terrible , not much of a food selection .
0	the hype surrounding this place will probably lead to your great disappointment .
1	the selection is n't what it was .
0	have been waiting for _num_ business shirts and suits for over _num_ weeks .
1	beer selection is ok.
0	especially waitress was lack of enthusiasm .
1	so we go in , and their selection is awful .
0	it was a total disappointment for me .
1	selections do n't seem to change much .
0	but for those considering a long distance purchase , just beware a bit .
1	unorganized store with a smaller selection than most old navy stores .
0	i ordered the chicken parm pasta and got it to go to my room .
1	only two stars due to the lack of selection .
0	you ca n't mess it up ) .
1	this store has a poor selection of everything and staff is downright rude !
0	drinks are far too expensive to try any .
1	not a huge selection of veggies .
0	service was indifferent .
1	the selection was terrible for clothing .
0	i can only believe it 's because there are no other deli 's downtown .
1	the selection is very limited and expensive .
0	it all comes down to the crust -- i threw it out .
1	just there 's not a lot of variety or selection .
0	i was thinking he would have stopped but did n't oh well .
1	there was a very limited selection which was disappointing .
0	the wine list is lacking .
1	and their beer selection sucks .
0	wow ... we 're we disappointed .
1	mediocre selection of vegetables .
0	so why not actually make a decent public transportation system ?
1	very little selection .
0	things have really slipped since then though .
1	the only thing that 's generally alright is their shoe selection .
0	staff was friendly and drinks were reasonable but nothing to rave about .
1	the beer selection is weak at best .
0	this was ridiculous to us so we left !
1	accessories are all full price and only expensive selections .
0	food is just ok , grease upon grease .
1	speaking of food , the restaurant selection here is abysmal .
0	the clientele , for some reason , really made for a loud dining experience .
1	however , their selection is weak and their prices are way too high .
0	this place is out of my dry cleaning budget !
1	the biggest disappointment was the music selection .
0	third sign i chose to ignore .
1	for the most part , i 've had ok experiences with the food selections .
0	in fact , i could n't finish it .
1	not many people in there tonight so the selection of pizza seemed minimal tonight .
0	pamela is a bad representation of this location !
1	additionally , i was not too thrilled with the atmosphere or beer selection .
0	we will not be back .
1	terrible selection , rude !
0	either case , i 'm not thrilled .
1	they need better selections in sushi .
0	poor , slow service .
1	hate not getting any selection at this time .
0	the bartenders had no desire to serve `` us '' .
1	also , the selection of gel polish colors was dismal .
0	this place has the worst french fries i have ever tasted .
1	they were rather rude regarding their poor flower selection and life of their flowers .
0	this place is a train wreck .
1	beer selection was good , but food was terrible .
0	i do n't see to many options in pittsburgh for sporting goods .
1	typical selection of beers and drinks .
0	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
1	everything was way overpriced and not a very good selection .
0	i called garden ridge to speak to a customer service rep .
1	the selection of dim sum was dismal overall as well .
0	butter served with the bread was so hard it bent the knife .
1	it 's pretty disorganized and the selection is very ... tired ?
0	w h at a shame .
1	honestly i 'd like to give the food _num_ star , especially their selections .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	their selection of soups was very poor , maybe _num_ total .
0	the service was very slow .
1	poor service , high prices , crappy selection .
0	_num_ coke = $ _num_ .
1	i really like the salsa selections with the chips .
0	the only other bartender was slowly walking around the other end of the bar .
1	selection of fruit is a little below average .
0	i was hung up on twice before i could even get my order out .
1	the snack selection at the market is very limited .
0	i ca n't believe all the high reviews .
1	i was very disappointed with selection of wigs .
0	never been before and went on a thursday night at 6pm before a show .
1	it 's too bad they do n't have a minus five selection here .
0	the service here sucks .
1	the selection was sparse , and disorganized .
0	dear pittsburgh , we are foodies from boston .
1	poor selection , poor lighting , bad layout and overpriced .
0	this was n't it .
1	i 'm solely giving this place _num_ stars due to the selection of wigs .
0	sorry , i grew up in pgh .
1	the customer service sucks even more than the selection .
0	despite how great the food was , i wo n't be returning .
1	breakfast selection limited compared to most hotels .
0	we booked a total of _num_ rooms with them and checked in individually .
1	beer selection limited .
0	i 'm really torn by this review .
1	the selection is down and not worth the trip .
0	not even one piece .
1	there is not much of a raw roll selection .
0	i swear it was worse than my first experience .
1	the selection here is horrible .
0	first , let me say i wish you could leave _num_ stars .
1	the breakfast food selection was poor .
0	that might make it a little better .
1	the only good thing about the experience was the beer selection .
0	i was presented with ... an empty plate .
1	go to michaels , same stuff really , only cheaper and more selection !
0	terrible terrible service .
1	our selection for tonight was rosita 's .
0	i then turned around and walked out .
1	third , the vegetable selection is limited .
0	very very slow service .
1	just overall not impressed with the price and selection .
0	no concierge .
1	to her credit , she dug deep to help with fabric selections .
0	sure enough , a few minutes later it was on my table .
1	the food selection has gotten worse & the price higher .
0	we were seated and our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable .
1	lastly the wine selection is pathetic .
0	so i went through the whole thing for nothing .
1	the store itself is much smaller than say , sephora , with less selection .
0	nasty !
1	beer selection is better in my house .
0	a bit confusing layout , but tastefully done .
1	there 's a few selections here that fall into the fast food category .
0	did n't wait long to be seated .
1	tiffany prices with kay jewelers selection .
0	she served us our drinks then immediately left for another table .
1	completely ignored at pv and there selection was poor .
0	shrimp was hard to chew .
1	high prices , poor selection , and awful customer service .
0	same lousy service .
1	the menu is kinda bad , they need more of a selection !
0	sorry , just not interested .
1	the food is just ok with almost no selections .
0	both meals were served barely warm .
1	crappy video game selection .
0	i sent it back - showed the gal my burned pastrami sandwich .
1	beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks .
0	the cake part is now dry ?
1	but the selection of fresh produce is lacking and the meat is really mediocre .
0	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
1	i was disappointed in all our selections .
0	then when i got it , it was cold !
1	not much of a selection .
0	this experience was not worth the beautiful dresses .
1	the song selection was terrible and would not go to this venue again .
0	this lobster was dry and chewy .
1	looking at the prices , i was expecting a more seasonal selection .
0	at our table and then left prior to ordering .
1	overpriced with no real selection .
0	it was god awful .
1	bottom line : good selection , but horrible customer service .
0	the broiled flounder was n't very hot and neither were my steamed veggies .
1	the dessert selection was also less and portions appeared to be cut smaller .
0	it was hot in there and i do n't think they have ac .
1	the fabric selection is not what it once was , either .
0	i dropped off _num_ shirts at this establishment just before thanksgiving .
1	average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
0	i was unable to justify spending $ _num_ or $ _num_ for their membership .
1	secondly , their menu selection is pretty limited .
0	i did n't feel welcome here .
1	the wi-fi was free and the tv channel selections were pretty good .
0	the top was n't even and was kind of a mess .
1	more veggie selections than meat , which can be good for some folks .
0	she was unprofessional and downright nasty .
1	the selection here is stellar , but the prices are ridiculously high .
0	the crust was not like usual and to much sauce .
1	the restaurant selections are limited .
0	terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
1	i really did n't like the selections of gaming at this casino .
