0	below par on every way .
1	meal # _num_ was filet mignon with teppanyaki shrimp .
0	the bedroom however seemed to dull car noise a little better .
1	got shrimp with mixed vegetables .
0	food can be pretty good , service can be pretty bad .
1	the fried shrimp was so gross , just fried greasy batter .
0	his immediate reaction was rolling his eyes and said no we do n't !
1	went over year ago and was disappointed in the shrimp and grits .
0	i went back to the counter to find a different manager .
1	shrimp had no flavor .
0	_num_ per person not worth it .
1	oh , with _num_ pitiful shrimp on top .
0	tasted like sauce and cheese on toast .
1	teriyaki chicken , mahi mahi and coconut shrimp .
0	we went back in the main door , clearly confused .
1	i only ate the shrimp .
0	i consider it a blessing that it did n't work out .
1	i had the shrimp and grits and it was ... not good .
0	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
1	i had the steak fajitas and my date had shrimp fajitas .
0	we got this hotel room via hotwire at a great price .
1	*the batter on the shrimp was not crisp and was not sauced or seasoned .
0	prices were inflated for a limited valentines day menu .
1	the stuffed shrimp was way too salty and a little fishy .
0	he was loud , very loud .
1	the shrimp skewer was overcooked .
0	it looked rather like a barber shop .
1	i ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and was disappointed .
0	went here a night during final four ( basket ball ) .
1	peel and eat shrimp were dry and tough , not fresh .
0	_num_ .
1	the broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked .
0	_num_ .
1	i order sesame chicken with shrimp fried rice and it was awful !
0	they still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card .
1	buffalo shrimp $ _num_ you get _num_ , barely enough to share .
0	when the salad arrived , it did not look like the picture .
1	the shrimp was over battered and the fries were over cooked .
0	_num_ woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable .
1	of shrimp and _num_ scallops with very little salad greens for alot of money .
0	lol is the most expensive laundromat i 've ever been to !
1	but the real let down was my shrimp and grits .
0	wo n't be going back even though the bagels are okay .
1	the buffalo shrimp and fajitas are awesome .
0	the burgers are rather bland and burnt .
1	there were five very small shrimp on the plate .
0	but it seemed like i was absolutely bothering the staff this morning .
1	the shrimp was so dry and overcooked .
0	she did n't rush us , and made good wine recommendations .
1	the shrimp were barely warm and slimy .
0	no management present that we could see .
1	the shrimp tasted like ... nothing .
0	i do n't think that casbah is my favorite anymore .
1	( grilled chipotle shrimp salad ? )
0	avoid at all costs .
1	the shrimp is ok , too .
0	i 'm not from here , so maybe i do n't share the love .
1	the shrimp is n't very good , but not as bad as the chicken .
0	food is very cheap though .
1	the shrimp tacos are mediocre at best .
0	only because they were my only option .
1	they refilled the shrimp tempura one time .
0	two cups of coffee per room per day , extras can be purchased .
1	the beef short ribs and shrimp tempura were pretty tasty .
0	i 'm so disappointed in my experience at the carnegie library !
1	two ribs , pieces of chicken , shrimp , potstickers and sushi rolls .
0	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
1	okay the favorite shrimp was disgusting .
0	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
1	shrimp and guac tostada bites .
0	bad food .
1	carne asada was dry , shrimp did n't have any flavor at all .
0	gross !
1	was not impressed with my too oily & tasteless shrimp meal .
0	i was planning to go again but not anymore .
1	ordered a caesar salad with grilled shrimp and a side of avocado .
0	when i was little there was always enough donuts for everyone !
1	i then tried the shrimp appetizer with quinoa .
0	sucks , sucks , sucks .
1	my appetizer was cajun shrimp , which was way over seasoned .
0	i ordered the pasta trio , and my husband ordered the risotto .
1	i had the fillet , scallops and shrimp .
0	my biggest gripe , though , would be the overcooked scallops .
1	( i do n't eat shrimp . )
0	_num_ .
1	my chicken was dry and the shrimp did n't have any flavor to them .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	shrimp and scallop with garlic was bland as hell .
0	not a medium .
1	the shrimp in the fish and chips were just terrible .
0	not a lot of fat on them .
1	chef 's special was penne in a light alfredo sauce with crab and shrimp .
0	but i really do n't think there 's much you can mess up .
1	the shrimp does n't have any flavor and just tastes like grease .
0	if this is personalized service , i 'd rather stay at a motel .
1	the salad dressing was tasteless , the jumbo shrimp was under cooked and chewy .
0	absurd .
1	the fried shrimp is too oily for my taste .
0	bad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around .
1	the chicken and the shrimp also tasted bland .
0	i could have gotten a better wax at a cheap nail salon .
1	and the shrimps ... are you kidding me ?
0	i am sorry to say i did not get it .
1	we ordered the shrimp special , which was grilled and came with coconut risotto .
0	unfortunately , the entrees were no better .
1	so try the table guac , but give the shrimp wrap a pass .
0	the only oyster on the menu is a terrible patty of some kind .
1	or soggy ass salt shrimp .
0	i stood there for a second and realized she was blatantly blowing me off .
1	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
0	horrible customer service and they always screw up our orders .
1	the shrimp with lobster sauce has always been my favorite .
0	i probably wo n't be back .
1	furthermore , i have ordered the shrimp with garlic sauce .
0	this place was horrible .
1	i get my order to go , the crispy shrimp plate .
0	over charge and terrible food .
1	i did n't see any shrimp , not even mini shrimp .
0	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
1	knowing how bad the steak is , i ordered the shrimp .
0	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
1	in _num_ minutes it came but the shrimp were clear and mushy .
0	pros : it 's like living in an apt .
1	the shrimp had too much batter .
0	_num_ stars might be too generous !
1	i ordered the shrimp alfredo , she the eggplant parm .
0	she was clearly in a hurry .
1	the shrimp was horribly cooked and rubbery .
0	do not stay here .
1	i ordered the lobster , shrimp and crab legs , potato and rice .
0	the other thing i do not like about this place are their hours .
1	the only thing to celebrate was eating _num_ shrimps .
0	my server lost me towards the end .
1	how is coconut shrimp not a safe bet ?
0	food was mediocre as well .
1	my husband got the chicken shrimp diane .
0	worst chinese i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	kind of disappointed but it was five dollars for the shrimp basket i got .
0	sunny only offered a free cleaning and even then seemed annoyed .
1	plus , i 'm sure their shrimp tempura is frozen ... not fresh .
0	_num_ .
1	the shrimp were also on crispy rice noodles that are normally edible .
0	this was not nearly as good .
1	i ordered the pad thai with chicken and shrimp .
0	very sad .
1	probably bay shrimp .
0	my boyfriend ordered the hot fish , but it was way too salty .
1	add battered shrimp or fish depending on the place .
0	if you want no frills beer and bar food , they are no frills .
1	my wife really likes the camarones baja ( sauteed shrimp ) .
0	this place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising .
1	she told me shrimp was tough and had me try it .
0	he pushed me and took all the chairs .
1	pasta with shrimp was so dry .
0	not a huge deal , but annoying since we asked them to do that .
1	the shrimp grits was disgusting as well .
0	my soul purpose to coming here was to get my license picture taken .
1	just a bland cold plate with tiny shrimps , some not cleaned .
0	i was desperately hungry late one night with no other options .
1	the shrimp was cook well , but the chicken was dry and tough .
0	maybe i just got an old cake , i do n't know .
1	i ordered honey walnut chicken and was served honey walnut shrimp .
0	so , i am fed up with bad service from this state farm office .
1	my boyfriend ordered shrimp and grits .
0	the fries were generic .
1	the fish and shrimp are overpriced and way too heavily breaded .
0	there were some pieces which could not be cut by my knife .
1	the pad thai and the ginger shrimp broccoli .
0	do not waste your money at this restaurant .
1	my mom had a fried shrimp po ' boy with mac and cheese .
0	the restaurant has carpet which i find off putting .
1	i , on the other hand had an absolutely pitiful shrimp po boy .
0	nevertheless , i will not go there , again .
1	shrimp diablo was too hot .
0	will not go back .
1	we got _num_ oz of white wine and one shrimp wrapped in prosciutto .
0	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
1	this time , gave another shot and tried oysters and shrimp .
0	i gave the management a heads up , and it was not fixed .
1	mushy ( as in possibly spoiled ) shrimp .
0	i do n't care for this giant eagle , and that is being kind .
1	price ... _num_ for a margarita and _num_ for a _num_ shrimp cocktail ?
0	needless to say , i probably wo n't be back .
1	it was like taking a bite of flavorless breading and hardly any shrimp .
0	however , my father and i shared the porterhouse for two .
1	tried the kung pao shrimp and veg chow mien .
0	the beer was cold and that is the only reason they got one star .
1	the shrimps were over breaded and dry .
0	$ _num_ for anything !
1	odd , i thought this was grilled shrimp .
0	_num_ .
1	the shrimp pupusas was my fave amongst beef and pork .
0	why do i need to request a stop on the `` t '' ?
1	i opted for the shrimp udon soup .
0	this was an expensive skirt , completely ruined .
1	on top of that , none of the shrimp had been cleaned .
0	not much pineapple in the chicken pineapple dish .
1	so , i ate some shrimp spring rolls and sampled others .
0	walking on it with shoes on disgusted me .
1	the shrimp was overcooked and tough .
0	but truth be told , i 'll probably be back .
1	the shrimp toast was almost black from dirty oil and fell apart .
0	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
1	i get better shrimp pasta at macaroni grill !
0	oh well , their loss .
1	my husband ordered the margarita pizza & i ordered the shrimp tacos with rice .
0	probably wont go back .
1	my bf said his shrimp was ok at best .
0	i am sad to report that this too was tasteless .
1	the grilled shrimp that my wife ordered were tasteless and not grilled .
0	the slice of tomato that i had them add was not ripe .
1	the two jumbo fried shrimp were ok.
0	tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold .
1	flavors were safe and my spicy shrimp was n't very spicy at all .
0	so , i had been wanting to try this place for some time .
1	the seafood pancake had only a couple of tiny shrimps in it .
0	i 'm not asking too much .
1	... then table that sat next to us ordered same plate with only shrimp .
0	it came w duck ragu that was ice cold !
1	he later returned with _num_ shrimp and about _num_ bite size portions of beef .
0	this proved to have been a massive error in judgement on all our parts .
1	fried shrimps were below average .
0	i mean really , this is ridiculous .
1	i personally ordered the lobster and shrimp tacos and they were served cold .
0	_num_ .
1	shrimp with lobster sauce was salty beyond words .
0	management said there was nothing they could do about it .
1	my wife ordered some shrimp pasta dish , not alfredo .
0	horrible !
1	shrimp on top was nice but no lobster filling .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	once we received very turned shrimp ( smelled very awful ) .
0	oh , and the lunch special pricing is not bad at all .
1	i ordered a shrimp and veggie stir fry to go .
0	i gave him my drink order and then he asked for our dinner order .
1	oh , and the shrimp was boiled .
0	they just cost me money and lost my tires .
1	my bf got the steak with battered shrimp .
0	just all around disappointing .
1	not much flavor in the shrimp or fish .
0	i was disgusted .
1	i 'm not sure what changed but something has happened with the shrimp .
0	this is not italian food - it 's pittsburgh italian food .
1	shrimp was hard to chew .
0	i tried the seared ahi tuna .
1	the shrimp burrito had very few small shrimp in it .
0	but my date returned and relaxed with a glass of wine as we chatted .
1	the shrimp was just gross .
0	i 've complained numerous times but it never does any good .
1	i could barely pick the shrimp out because the sauce was that gross .
0	this place has gone down hill fast !
1	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
0	after getting my `` window '' they never showed up .
1	i order the jack daniel 's chicken and shrimp with just fries .
0	first off , i can not comment on the food .
1	shrimp tacos were ok just on a basic bed of slaw for $ _num_ .
0	heck no !
1	the shrimp looked and tasted canned , and smelled foul .
0	it 's loud as hell !
1	these shrimp lacked seasoning .
0	`` hello , sir .
1	$ _num_ extra for two shrimps !
0	had to send steak back twice before i just said to hell with it .
1	these were tiny little shrimp drowned in sauce .
0	the entire bag was a soggy mess .
1	bbq shrimp were fine .
0	i only went here because i had a groupon .
1	any local chinese buffet will give you shrimp for a lot less than that .
0	it also does not help that they do not have beer prices listed .
1	shrimp was bland .
0	wo n't visit again .
1	for my entree , i had the grilled honey bbq shrimp .
0	it was also an outrageous $ _num_ dollars .
1	the shrimp and pork fried eggrolls for $ _num_ ?
0	absolutely horrible customer service .
1	i would recommend the lunch specials such as the hunan shrimp .
0	bun was also cold like just out of the refrigerator .
1	the shrimp lo mein was ok but the shrimp was overcooked .
0	she rushed me into picking colors for my nails and toes .
1	the pasta was overcooked and the shrimp just sort of were there .
0	so this spot is like mad cheap but really ?
1	shrimp was good but rice was stale .
0	i get there , look at their giant selection and get excited .
1	they did n't even have any and pepper shrimp .
0	only _num_ people in line when arrived .
1	the breaded shrimp tasted weird too .
0	but last night it took _num_ hrs to get a burger .
1	ordered the shrimp and mixed vegetables , was served the shrimp and broccoli .
0	zero flavor and the mushrooms were canned .
1	however , i now realized that the shrimp was missing .
0	that was definitely not the case though .
1	food was tasteless , how can you ruin a shrimp parm hero ?
0	apparently , reservations are not valued here .
1	the shrimp and pasta , however , were cooked well .
0	_num_ ) the catfish was a complete fish with bones .
1	i got the lettuce wraps , tiger shrimp , and chocolate souffle .
0	i am just hoping that i do n't get food poisoning later tonight .
1	they could not have overcooked the vegetables , shrimp , and fish more .
0	i was originally told it would take _num_ mins .
1	i ordered the whole wheat pasta with shrimp and it made my stomach sick .
0	two grape size tomatoes , and two thin slices of cucumber .
1	i ordered the shrimp lo mein with lobster sauce .
0	service was terrible !
1	shrimp and broccoli both tasted like freezer .
0	the bride chose a dress hoping it would look better in a smaller size .
1	my shrimp was tasteless ... .
0	my advice : locals must not know shit from their asshole .
1	i ordered shrimp alfredo and the shrimp and alfredo sauce were spoiled .
0	ugh .
1	it was more like salt shrimp .
0	bartenders were terrible and not attentive .
1	ordered the fish n shrimp tacos and i was pretty disappointed !
0	both times it failed on a defective license bulb .
1	lamb chops and shrimp pasta were just ok.
0	i would not stay here , it 's not worth the money they charge .
1	we all got the fish fry plus some deep fried shrimp .
0	after _num_ minutes , i left .
1	i ordered the lemon grass soup with shrimp and the papaya salad .
0	a complete waste of $ _num_ .
1	i ordered the _num_ piece fish with the _num_ shrimps .
0	_num_ fights broke out while we were there .
1	i had the shrimp bowl which is apparently new to the menu .
0	the menu offerings were spotty .
1	the shrimp with lobster sauce was fair , though too salty for my tastes .
0	only in a pinch .
1	i really like ono 's mac salad and the katsu sauce with the shrimp .
0	my meal was way over cooked .
1	also , they did n't clean the shrimp .
0	the service was terrible .
1	i mean ... shrimp from chilis ?
0	why give french fries with most of them burned ?
1	i did enjoy the bbq shrimp app but the entrees were miserable .
0	no one .
1	this came out on a plate with gigantic grilled shrimp on top .
0	wo n't be coming back .
1	my brother had a chinese restaurant staple , shrimp with lobster sauce .
0	i am sorry to say that this place still stinks .
1	_num_ caesar salad with flank steak and another caesar salad with shrimps !
0	the salad was ... nothing short of horrific .
1	the shrimp were $ _num_ a piece .
0	i should know , i 've dealt with at least a dozen .
1	i ordered lobster & shrimp `` enchiladas '' , which had practically no filling .
0	_num_ strikes .
1	i ordered chicken pad thai and wanted to replace the shrimp with veggies .
0	- chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool .
1	the shrimp in my dish were the really small cheap shrimp .
0	however , i ca n't let this slide : your claw machine is bullshit .
1	the other things thing sauteed string beans and shrimp with sizzling rice were alright .
0	terrible service , rude staff .
1	the shrimp crepe only had two small pieces of shrimp .
0	sadly , this was the last time that she ever came to our table .
1	returning to the buffet , my wife said the shrimp was very salty .
0	needless to say , we will never return !
1	he said it was bland and the shrimp were hard ( over cooked ) .
0	then , i ate here .
1	the ginger shrimp broccoli had no flavor .
0	no desk type chair .
1	the hot braised shrimp had dry little baby shrimps with virtually no sauce .
0	lack of flavor really hurts them in my opinion .
1	we tried a salad and the new chicken , shrimp & sausage paella bowl .
0	i will never go back to this place again !
1	my entree was the combo etouffee with shrimp , chicken and crawfish .
0	the high prices and poor treatment do n't add up .
1	regarding the shrimp you really have to salt them heavily .
0	dirty place and horrible service .
1	eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp .
0	while patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible .
1	which are really just average sized shrimp .
0	i could n't believe it !
1	ordered the eggplant with shrimp , veggie fried rice , and chicken satay .
0	i usually do not like posting negative reviews .
1	we had fried rice was good avoid pork however the shrimp were pretty good .
0	the worst bar and the worst service in the area .
1	the food was good but the shrimp and grits are not good .
0	then the bill came to over $ _num_ .
1	our shrimp and grits was disgusting and we returned it .
0	at this point , my patience are very thin .
1	they gave us an excuse about them cooking the shrimp .
0	extremely slow service and a rude waitress on top of it .
1	last night we tried the shrimp fajitas and were very disappointed !
0	sorry , bummer .
1	the shrimp were dry and overcooked .
0	loaded with cheese that had pools of grease swimming on it .
1	shrimp is either cooked or it 's not .
0	i explained to her that this has been going on for weeks .
1	described as having crab , lobster and shrimp .
0	and sure enough , cue tuesday -- no call .
1	the shrimp sauce was very thick and not that flavorful .
0	he just put it on the bill .
1	the shrimp were perfectly cooked , though , and i was thankful for that .
0	our greeting at the front desk was awful .
1	my hibachi shrimp was very hard and tough as well .
0	the spaghetti tasted no different than boxed pasta .
1	i ordered the _num_ shrimp , _num_ fish and chips combo .
0	there are better places in pittsburgh to get a burger and fries .
1	four small shrimp and hardly no alfredo sauce , i mean dry .
0	there were tiny pieces of what looked like artificial crab .
1	i had some shrimp , quesadillas and poppers .
0	no wonder the store was empty .
1	we ordered the szechuan shrimp and scallops and also the shrimp in garlic sauce .
