0	it is cheap food , and you get what you pay for .
1	ordered _num_ eggs sunny side up , hashbrowns and sausage .
0	if this is personalized service , i 'd rather stay at a motel .
1	there was no rice and beans were on the side .
0	wait , ceasar salad was ok !
1	the location is n't ideal ; on the side of a busy highway .
0	we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries .
1	i picked out the broccoli and ate it over my side of rice .
0	no , the waiter was quick to tell me i ordered medium rare .
1	the corned beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special .
0	thats pretty lame for a downtown bar just because they were not packed .
1	the meat was dry the sides were bland .
0	this was some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
1	the small side of greens was nicely dressed but rather limp .
0	the blueberry mojito had an overpowering taste of rum .
1	the southwest pasta salad side was ok , but a little too wet .
0	as for a place to spend money uptown i 'd skip it .
1	the sides of beans and corn were nothing special as well .
0	so dissapointed and will never use them again .
1	they were served with a side of bland , instant rice and black beans .
0	_num_ .
1	the roasted chicken was on the greasy side but well seasoned .
0	although there were some highlights , there were plenty of negatives to counter them .
1	sides are completely forgettable .
0	that 's an automatic star in this dead city .
1	the only bright side of this dinner was the pleasant waitress .
0	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
1	cost us _num_ bucks for _num_ orders of ribs with one side and soda .
0	the service is most often rude .
1	it came with _num_ sides an with tax was about $ _num_ .
0	so not worth the walk that we took to get here .
1	the atmosphere was mixed , children playing along side adults .
0	i 'm just not that excited for my lunch .
1	getting the order wrong and forgetting a side ?
0	ultimately , i was n't very impressed .
1	so she got me the street side tacos for me to munch on .
0	well this was our first attempt at this location and it was below expectations .
1	had the brisket and the bbq beef sandwich + sides .
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	this was would be a nice side salad , not a lunch .
0	this was my first time here and i will never go back .
1	i really miss the west side location , they were on top of it .
0	if not , oops !
1	the side house salad we ordered for an additional $ _num_ was awful .
0	then , in june , my maid of honor calls me .
1	there are some sides offered like potato salad for example which was tasty .
0	unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand .
1	steaks were cold , sides were cold .
0	they were super buttery ... too much so .
1	the sides were not good at all .
0	but this gives me the chance to tell you how terrible the cannoli was .
1	no side dishes come with it .
0	not a fan of the french bread .
1	it 's on the pricey side , but you probably know that already .
0	so i might not be the target audience .
1	horrible salon ... dirty , also , just as a side note .
0	_num_ .
1	time to file a complaint and contact _num_ on your side .
0	but last night it took _num_ hrs to get a burger .
1	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
0	would not recommend to anyone .
1	did n't use air compressor to get the water out of the side mirrors .
0	further , there did n't seem to be any seasoning on the steak .
1	i had even purchased a bread bowl on the side to help .
0	not so much .
1	overly salted entree as well as very salty side of roasted mushrooms .
0	took _num_ minutes to even be acknowledged .
1	food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side ass mashed potatoes .
0	the bartender looked at us but kept pouring drinks ( rude ! )
1	_num_ sides came out late .
0	would n't recommend .
1	his sweet potato hash side looked overdone and simply not appetizing .
0	what a disappointment !
1	each side is a dollar , by t he way .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	i had a side of penne pasta covered in the bland marinara and vegetables .
0	the service was the most appalling i have ever experienced .
1	all other sides were bad .
0	fool me -- you ca n't get fooled again . ''
1	the pork was very dry and obviously old as were the sides .
0	i 'd give this store negative stars if there was an option .
1	my snow crab legs were good , but the side veggies were not .
0	i felt like i spent $ _num_ for absolutely nothing .
1	overall our only positives were the side salads .
0	there was no one filling up water .
1	on the plus side , i did breeze through check in and security .
0	absolutely horrible service .
1	she also had a side of potato salad it was very bland .
0	actually , everything i ate was mushy .
1	only saving grace was that the side of salsa was very spicy .
0	if you 're coming to eat ... ah you might think again !
1	the side soup is luke warm , soup should always be hot .
0	we will not be going back !
1	it was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top .
0	this stuff looked and tasted more like doughy noodles .
1	sides of hot baked potato and basic iceberg lettuce salad were fine .
0	huge disappointment .
1	we sat out side , ordered and ate .
0	i wo n't be going back to see him again .
1	my sides were rice and green beans .
0	i wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy .
1	there were also water marks left on both side of my doors .
0	the way you are treated is sub par .
1	the prices are slightly on the high side , but not outrageous .
0	guess what , no fresh oysters .
1	but was n't a big fan of the sides .
0	absolutely horrible way to treat a customer when they were the ones in error .
1	he asked what kind of sauce , we said green but on the side .
0	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
1	i also got a side hawaiian salad , which was also flavorless .
0	the pasta at applebee 's are definitely not worth the $ _num_ they charge .
1	she thought the potato side was just so-so .
0	they sit on tables and often just sit at your table .
1	the other side is missing .
0	not good customer service .
1	the food ( even the side of veggies ) was sooo greasy and fatty .
0	do n't worry but i wo n't come close to this restaurant again .
1	i ordered a chicken enchilada and a beef taco , no sides .
0	the food ranges from mediocre to bland .
1	the crowd there is so-so at best , usually on the trashy side .
0	it was way too thick and absolutely tasteless .
1	i got home and no extra sides .
0	no more .
1	but the beef ribs were okay and so were the side .
0	could n't even call me to let me know .
1	she complained and the waitress brought out a side of broccoli .
0	i will not go back until they are gone .
1	i pushed the dish off to the side and settled for my potato .
0	for some reason two drinks came out to $ _num_ .
1	the side dishes were mediocre .
0	some of the worst service ever .
1	they were also very misleading with their sides and salads .
0	absolutely horrible customer service and product being sold to the public .
1	i ordered some turkey wrap with a fruit salad for a side .
0	worst pizza i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	my polish is uneven and she did n't get the sides very well .
0	for a coffee shop , the food and drinks here are mediocre at best .
1	green beans were my side and they were stone cold .
0	we finally just walked out to go elsewhere .
1	the sides were not fresh but maybe because we were there early evening .
0	no fitted sheets on the beds ?
1	the sides that accompanied the meal let me down too .
0	in fact i was quite disappointed .
1	additionally , the staff were pushy and a little on the rude side .
0	i just paid the bill and we left and went to eat n park .
1	when it finally arrived _num_ of us asked for side of sour cream .
0	the set up is ridiculous .
1	the ribs were very dry and the sides were very small .
0	however , it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool .
1	i do n't consider myself a negative nancy , hello bright side !
0	i start work at _num_ am .
1	sides also were unimpressive .
0	the outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste .
1	no bed side manor .
0	they ended up calling two more over , but it took way too long .
1	oil change , power door on passenger side - having issues with closing .
0	is n't even that great at the bar .
1	the prices are on the high side and it can be quite busy .
0	this is a poorly run business that could be turned into something great .
1	so i took a bite from the other side with the same results .
0	it was hot in there and i do n't think they have ac .
1	i wish the north side had another option but we do n't .
0	from there , it takes them another _num_ minutes to fill one prescription .
1	i ordered a veggie burrito with a side of fruit and some salsa .
0	the food was bad .
1	- the veggies on the side to put on the burger were n't crisp .
0	think twice people before going here .
1	i talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side .
0	it 's never cold , never .
1	that is no bread and a side salad instead .
0	however i agree with the previous reviews that the staff are killing it .
1	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
0	mine was just disappointing .
1	within _num_ days they were coming up and cracking on the sides .
0	last i had the vegetarian curry dish , the only vegetarian main i found .
1	the lighting on the restaurant side is poor , so they lose points there .
0	i see the server standing right there with no response .
1	no sides , no toppings , just orange goo .
0	at this point , one star is being generous .
1	plus , no sides and no kid options !
0	at tram 's , the pho bowl is small .
1	i ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce .
0	the food is inconsistent , but often good .
1	add insult to injury they did n't even include my side of veggies .
0	had lobster bisque soup not to good .
1	typical south side snob crap .
0	i will not be returning .
1	the water did not heat up well and was more on the cold side .
0	the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay .
1	the fried chicken on the side was unexpectedly the only thing i found ok .
0	but this was nasty .
1	fried items arrive a little on the cold and soggy side .
0	did n't get our food until after _num_ .
1	the sides left much to be desired .
0	because of number two our service in general was not good .
1	i 'm not a shady side hipster but an average person in workout gear .
0	ordered the eggplant with shrimp , veggie fried rice , and chicken satay .
1	but , i think the tapas side is just terrible .
0	will defiantly not go there again !
1	no wonder disney world is making a killing in this side of the woods !
0	very poor service and food .
1	remember , the call was on speaker so i overheard both sides .
0	the fish and chips looked great but it did n't taste like anything !
1	his side of mac and cheese was laughable .
0	my eyebrow still has n't grown back to its normal shape .
1	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
0	they did not fix the building by the way .
1	a waiter was screaming at a customer from the other side of the restaurant .
0	it was the same bagel , they just stuck it in the microwave .
1	when the entree 's arrived my guest 's side item was missing .
0	we will not be going back .
1	missing sides that i had ordered but was charged for .
0	i have a idea , get rid of those cashiers , fire them !
1	the fresh spinach on the side was just plain without anything on it .
0	essentially , the entire sandwich was inedible and i settled for five guys instead .
1	lately the sides have been awful .
0	we hopped this was a one off and not typical .
1	poor choices of sides ( e.g .
0	the ambiance is a little strange .
1	had we just stayed on the market side it would be fine .
0	it was n't even super busy .
1	it was just on the other side of gross .
0	sorry , just not interested .
1	no one even sits on that side of the couch !
0	_num_ .
1	there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
0	the baby starts coming out : doctors runs in my room .
1	no apologies , no offer to comp a side or a dessert .
0	fried chicken , macaroni and cheese and collards .
1	then he proceeds to bring out my actual sandwich with a side of fries .
0	i would n't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend .
1	east side never fixed the problem but they were glad to keep my money .
0	their menu is way overpriced , with nothing really great on it .
1	hey east side , get a clue .
0	are you gon na eat that ?
1	for my sides i had mac & cheese and baked beans .
0	place is a total joke .
1	i got the ribs and two nasty side items that came with it .
0	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
1	there is very little room to move around and it is dark in side .
0	i think it was overpriced for a pittsburgh restaurant as well .
1	i was not going to pay for the dressing on the side .
0	slow service , horrible , horrible food .
1	ordered mashed potatoes as his side with fettuccine alfredo .
0	the bread is _num_ % of the meal .
1	the green bean and corn on the cob sides were soggy .
0	what i really did n't like about this place was the service .
1	ate some of it and pushed it to the side .
0	have mixed vincent 's .
1	vegetables and sides were awful .
0	neither angel nor anyone else came to top up our drinks even once .
1	sides are ordered separately ; we selected grilled asparagus and potato gratin .
0	my appointment was at 8:30 am , i was on time .
1	ordered a caesar salad with grilled shrimp and a side of avocado .
0	_num_ weeks later , no title ?
1	if i want a side of sauce , who the hell cares ?
0	for dinner i ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes .
1	had an order of _num_ chicken wings with the sauce on the side .
0	this crust , while thin , did not have flavor and was hard .
1	i was n't asking for a side dish , just a simple substitute .
0	this is not the courtyard i was expecting .
1	jar was the size a side of sour cream would come in .
0	the mac n cheese and pound cake was ok at best .
1	spinach side was a little bitter .
0	fortunately , i 'd gotten that info when i ordered .
1	the potatoes were very bland despite being served with warm butter on the side .
0	their ginger dressing is unbelievable .
1	the red sauce was also just plain and the side of pasta was overcooked .
0	do not use these people for your dry cleaning needs !
1	there were _num_ dipping sides offered with the bread , which were very good .
0	personally , i do n't see what is so special about it .
1	what 's worse , i found a scratch on the side later .
0	it 's not like you 're open that late to begin with !
1	side note ... .
0	very disappointed .
1	bartenders just this side of rude .
0	i rest my case : avoid ten toes on walnut ladies !
1	there are way better sandwhich shops with actual homemade sides for half the money .
0	the burgers were just okay .
1	sides disgusting !
0	but was a winning season too much to ask for ?
1	the west side location was way better .
0	it tasted and looked like rice .
1	given the relative quick delivery , it was on the cold side upon arrival .
0	i 've tried and tried to give this place a chance .
1	$ _num_ for a side salad .
0	this guy seems nice but he 's actually not .
1	if you choose to go with the mexican side of the menu its disgusting .
0	never open when you need it , unreliable availability with his products .
1	a little on the expensive side but alright portions .
0	he seemed to be in a bad mood and made us feel uncomfortable .
1	it comes with dipping sauce on the side which was also gross .
0	i could understand if they were worn a lot , but they were not .
1	to list your sides that you could choose from .
0	while they are remodeling this is no longer a business class hotel .
1	toppings had fallen to one side , leaving the other without and so expensive .
0	overpriced , salty and overrated !
1	i ordered a blt on sourdough bread with a side of coleslaw .
0	what a disappointment .
1	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
0	we usually have _num_ but we ran out of _num_ today . ''
1	but the service side of the scale is nearly empty .
0	i was served over cooked eggs with raw bacon and the biscuits were stale .
1	for the most part i had decent neighbors on _num_ out of _num_ sides .
0	make sure your opening and closing time is listed correctly .
1	also ordered a side of sour cream .
0	however she charged the $ _num_ pasta trio ( which comes with desert ) .
1	the side salad that accompanied was fine too .
0	worst nail salon ever .
1	we did find parking on a side street , but not real convenient .
0	the good : the ladies who run the registers are personable and helpful .
1	$ _num_ side dishes .
0	the drinks were all ice and refills were not timely .
1	the food is great but the side salad was a disappointment .
0	ours was n't plain and simple .
1	asked for potato salad for my side , received fruit .
0	terrible .
1	my sides , german potato salad and braised red cabbage , were equally awful .
0	i could n't taste salt or pepper or garlic or even feel any heat .
1	the flip side is that there is one bar and it is lame .
0	the chicken was slimy and not many pieces at that .
1	but the customer service side sucks .
0	it would have been nice to know whom .
1	the side salad and biscuit were decent .
0	the cake part is now dry ?
1	got quoted $ _num_ for each side so $ _num_ total .
0	the last time that we went there he had our car for over week .
1	i 've already mentioned the terrible side dishes .
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've had .
1	the waiter also tried desperately to get us to purchase wine and sides .
0	the service was awful .
1	the side salad was horrible .
0	wo n't be coming back after this visit .
1	on the bright side pat was very kind as we walked out .
0	this place is sad .
1	ended up just getting plain strips with honey mustard on the side .
0	terrible customer service will never book with them again .
1	the entrance is a little confusing being on the south side of the building .
0	very disappointed .
1	so i had to eat my sides cold .
0	all in all , it was a disappointment this year .
1	the side salad that came with it was wilted and boring .
0	_num_ min from when seated . )
1	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
0	will take my money elsewhere .
1	i received no sides , and the plate was just bland .
0	horrible experience more than once .
1	nothing is served on the side with main dishes ... .
0	will take my business elsewhere in the future .
1	the spaghetti side was forgettable .
0	maybe my expectations were just too high , i do n't know .
1	nothing fancy -- short on the sides and back , an inch on top .
0	wo n't be returning .
1	while her sides were delicious she thought the chicken fingers missed the mark .
0	it was terrible waiting in line , but it moved quickly .
1	and i did n't have as many side choices ?
0	worst lunch option uptown .
1	being it was on the driver side it was hard to miss .
0	the hotel is in a bad neighborhood .
1	it has to have _num_ inches of wear down on the sides !
0	also the sandwich did not stick together like a melted sandwich should .
1	two small sandwiches and two sides came to $ _num_ .
0	so , i came to the diner having already eaten a light breakfast .
1	plus side , our waitress ( kim ) was pretty awesome .
0	not a dime every again .
1	the steak fries as a side should have stayed in the kitchen .
0	also , very expensive !
1	did not even get a soup or salad , no side or drinks .
0	$ _num_ is not working for me .
1	i ca n't even eat a cold salad on that side of my mouth .
0	i guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene .
1	very comparable to have an entree and _num_ sides .
0	i just did n't want to create a scene in front of my guest .
1	this time it was on the southwest side !
0	um , i 'm not asking you to help me sort things .
1	the sandwiches are alright , however there are no sides or chips .
0	the menu lists them as including jalapeno , but there was no heat whatsoever .
1	i got the chicken and noodles with a side of mashed potatoes .
0	my wife had a chicken special .
1	no sauce on the side .
0	way too much coleslaw .
1	side order of buffalo chicken strips .
0	no chicken .
1	one up side : ridiculous amount of food for a really good price .
0	also my veggies were n't seasoned at all and were not even steamed .
1	the ribs were good though limited side options .
0	mixed in with this were some dried herbs - maybe an italian mix ?
1	on the plus side , my steak was cooked perfectly ( med .
0	do not eat here .
1	i come in to eat something real quick side i was still working .
0	better luck next time .
1	mine was way over cooked and the sides were all lackluster .
0	zero flavor and dry as hell .
1	only down side is they are very very expensive compared to other vets .
0	that was not fair to her and definitely not fair to us .
1	it came all mixed together not on side .
0	who serves a drink without ice ?
1	not a day later and it was all over the side of the truck .
0	the most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat .
1	she told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side .
