0	there 's nothing fast about this fast food .
1	noticeably different in size .
0	i do n't think that casbah is my favorite anymore .
1	_num_ of us that i know were sized wrong .
0	stopped in with my daughter we just wanted something small to eat .
1	nothing remotely jumbo about the shrimp and of various sizes .
0	my real complaint is just how rudely we were treated at both locations .
1	`` dude , i have no freakin ' clue what size engine it is .
0	breakfast is cheap , and definitely very poor quality .
1	too expensive for portion size .
0	if given the chance again i would n't have another party here .
1	then , we had a hard time finding mid sized dresses .
0	also , i was surprised by the limited number of seafood options .
1	the chicken and peppers were roughly cut in all sizes .
0	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
1	the food is very overpriced especially when you consider portion size .
0	my appetizer was cajun shrimp , which was way over seasoned .
1	a choice of something is nearly impossible because of the size of the store .
0	and not giving real receipts ( they use hand written ones ! )
1	i walked in , it was an average size , nice colors .
0	which is a huge shame .
1	the crawfish were decent size but the taste was awful !
0	the beef was very pink in the middle and was of extremely poor quality .
1	sized shrimp only slightly overcooked .
0	no more trying out different thai places in the city .
1	and wear normal t-shirt sizes .
0	it was just inedible .
1	i mean , this thing was a pretty decent sized chunk of bird .
0	i would n't go there again .
1	they were n't just one or two mixed in there were full size runs .
0	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
1	queen beds were not queen , they were actually _num_ full size beds .
0	second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious .
1	they wanted to charge me additional because my vehicle was `` over sized '' .
0	do n't understand how anyone could give this place a favorable rating .
1	they call me up and tell me the tire is the wrong size .
0	either way , on a saturday night , i would n't recommend going here .
1	for the price and the room size , there is much more out there .
0	no meat in any of the _num_ pastas .
1	prices to me were on the higher side for the portion size and quality .
0	so i wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff .
1	i showed up and had reserved a full size car .
0	total waste .
1	often the wrong size in the wrong box .
0	basically the whole experience was pure torture , which is disappointing .
1	first , their clothing is arranged by color , not by size .
0	not good customer service .
1	food : tastes terrible , portion size is small and price is very high .
0	because i 'm not prepared to pay $ _num_ for a single visit ?
1	the only complaint i had was the size of the chimi .
0	done in less than _num_ hours .
1	because of the size of our group we had to split into _num_ tables .
0	my roasted duck breast with spinach and gnocchi was not hot .
1	it is almost impossible to find your size .
0	as far as i know they are no longer open at this location .
1	they were each sized like pieces you 'd cut off a steak .
0	terrible place to eat and not very clean at all .
1	which by the way was _num_ sizes too big !
0	worst service i 've ever had !
1	the miniature sized manager was completely useless .
0	this was n't the cleanest place .
1	but not $ _num_ for _num_ standard size dog good .
0	awful place , to bad i was looking forward .
1	i did n't want a refund , i just wanted a different size !
0	at eat n ' park , free cookies are a staple .
1	instead of a king bed , it had a full size bed .
0	my husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap .
1	the food was alright and i thought that the portions were a good size .
0	this place has the worst service i 've ever seen .
1	my portion size could n't be smaller .
0	waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks .
1	second , he was extremely condescending and said i bought the wrong size band .
0	looks and taste both scored a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	i could not even finish half of the individual size .
0	$ _num_ side dishes .
1	the soup too was only lukewarm , and very small cup size portion .
0	not worth it at all .
1	said only a truck was guaranteed , not a specific size .
0	i can not review the food .
1	she said that the file indicated my daughter would need a size _num_ .
0	brutal .
1	it was alright , not good not awful , and overpriced for the size .
0	children _num_ and under are free .
1	and i mean tiny , like 1/2 inch size .
0	so incompetent i did not even get a chance to rate the actual service .
1	size of a kids burger and horrible value .
0	otherwise , food and prices are not worth a stop .
1	there is just too much stuff for the size of the store .
0	, i would have never known .
1	shortly , i was brought over _num_ sliders that were the size of meatballs .
0	okay , shame on us for not asking .
1	the portion sizes were amazing but it just was n't appetizing .
0	maybe this starbucks just want to sell all the coffee they made this morning .
1	we ordered the pho , they only have one size ... extra large bowl .
0	a struggling business is always sad to see .
1	i ordered a medium size so i could take some home for leftovers .
0	they serve beer and wine !
1	do n't take full size vehicle .
0	no return call either .
1	plus the bun is always two sizes too big for the patty .
0	i hate to blame the kitchen , but i think it 's the kitchen .
1	and it 's even worse because the size of the pho was tiny .
0	if i could rate this a zero , i would .
1	dry , overcooked and about half the size of a normal portion .
0	decent furniture but wow was i disappointed by the payment process .
1	the problem we had with this joe 's crab shack was the portion size .
0	bad service , bland food .
1	second , the size of the burger was pathetic .
0	but i did n't send it back because i never send anything back .
1	shirt sizes in the gift shop were limited .
0	this is nothing new .
1	a yellow tang cost $ _num_ for a small size .
0	i ordered the country sausage potatoes , pumpkin pancakes & grits .
1	supposedly , their serving size is for _num_ people .
0	and trying to get our check ?
1	it was weird how different spots were different sizes .
0	one person working and could n't look at my car .
1	even sold the wrong size ring to us after we tried it on .
0	, but a couple places in charlotte made me like it again .
1	which seems huge but not really considering the size of phoenix .
0	we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries .
1	but this place was more like an omelet mansion the size of the place .
0	i was originally told it would take _num_ mins .
1	my mechanic later noticed they gave me the wrong size .
0	the service , on the other hand , was terrible .
1	not really what i would call a full size , but that 's fine .
0	common areas needed to be vacuumed !
1	no sample sizes for paint .
0	the menu was very small and hard to read and understand .
1	european size _num_ i said .
0	kind of gross if you ask me .
1	horrible selection , never has my size .
0	very disappointed .
1	i ordered two medium sized pizza with thin crust .
0	provolone sticks arrived undercooked , cheese was fully solid , they tasted okay .
1	i was frustrated but understood them not having all the sizes i needed .
0	i keep giving them another chance and i keep getting disappointed .
1	it was rather good but the portion size was stupid small .
0	in short , avoid this place !
1	surprisingly small size portion cut very thin .
0	_num_ .
1	it expanded to the size of a sausage and ruined my meal .
0	extremely slow service !
1	another diner also complained about portion size while we were there .
0	i should have refused delivery and just got my money back .
1	they come in _num_ sizes , a small and a _num_ inch .
0	two words : grossly overrated .
1	in the end it 's just overpriced ridiculously sized chain food .
0	ca n't understand the big secret about that one .
1	portion size was ridiculously small .
0	the beer is cheap .
1	ginormous portion sizes that can be shared ( for a fee ) .
0	so many fountains , open areas , gardens to visit .
1	their prices are ridiculous for the portion sizes i was seeing .
0	no sodas .
1	i can not imagine complaints about portion size !
0	you should be embarrassed and ashamed to even be selling these !
1	now there is no shoes in my size and i 'm stuck .
0	sorry buca , a previous visit was much better than this one .
1	order steak and lobster steak cook wrong lobster was size of shrimp over cooked .
0	pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best .
1	prices have gone up $ _num_ and portions sizes are going down .
0	_num_ minutes later ... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there .
1	portion size very little at this panda .
0	i would beg the owners to put any effort into this place .
1	is half the size it used to be .
0	gross !
1	they even charge you a $ _num_ over size fee for a truck .
0	the menu lists them as including jalapeno , but there was no heat whatsoever .
1	the slice of chocolate cake , while a descent size , was rather tasteless .
0	my husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked .
1	he later returned with _num_ shrimp and about _num_ bite size portions of beef .
0	maybe we just went to the wrong primanti bros location .
1	he said the portion sizes have not changed just the size of the tortillas .
0	i 've tried a lot of pizza places and this is so bad .
1	now its hard , crusty , stale , and almost half the size .
0	everytime i eat at this location i end up with a sick stomach .
1	entered the room to find two full sized beds squeezed in a tiny room .
0	upon entering it smelled of sewage and was very dark .
1	there was a lot of food , enough for 3-4 more average size meals .
0	sorry buds !
1	let alone very poor value for portion size .
0	and cheese sauce that you get for your nachos at the gas station .
1	my husband bean and cheese burrito was half the normal size .
0	i assure you this place is n't it .
1	that is why there are two sizes .
0	dry rice , no flavor , greasy .
1	the cooks were n't paying attention to portion or size control .
0	all it would have take n was a new pizza and wings .
1	i was very displeased with the size selections .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	the sauce was yummy but i 'm angry about the wing size !
0	i would not entertain having an event for any more than _num_ people .
1	cappuccino was good size but mediocre .
0	so after explaining the situation they lower the price to $ _num_ .
1	_num_ inch is almost as small as a personal size pizza .
0	they seem overpriced , too .
1	two grape size tomatoes , and two thin slices of cucumber .
0	fail on all levels .
1	ordered two personal size pizzas , spicy fries , fried zucchini & onion rings .
0	lobster and potato cakes could have been better - too salty imo .
1	my steak tonight was small in size and one third of it was gristle .
0	i just found the worst breakfast spot in pittsburgh .
1	we ordered the full sized breakfast burritos with cheddar and black forest bacon .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	it 's a friggin coffee - plain - same size every friggin time .
0	on wet cardboard .
1	the portion sizes compared to the price are way off !
0	my date 's bruschetta appetizer was bland .
1	the waiting room chairs are not plus size friendly at all .
0	it 's either just decent , or just plain bad .
1	there the same size rim and tire as stock .
0	the food left much the be desired .
1	the shrimp were mediocre and were the size of a dime .
0	the waitress was rude and less than helpful .
1	the sheer size of it all was just too much too .
0	but , our waitress was helpful , and our food came out pretty quickly .
1	my first disappointment was in the size of the menu .
0	however it wasnt until half way through my appointment that i got it .
1	the bride chose a dress hoping it would look better in a smaller size .
0	is it possible to give zero stars ?
1	i had maybe lost _num_ dress sizes .
0	stay far away from this place .
1	sure they go up to size _num_ , but even the _num_ is a .
0	caesar salad should not be too spicy to eat .
1	all sizes , toppings and types work for me .
0	in my opinion , the is a prime example of a bad shadyside bar .
1	unfortunately the increased size has increased the wait .
0	came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service .
1	despite the size , the flavor was lacking as well as texture .
0	i may return if craving a good caesar .
1	also , tonight when we went there , the portion sizes actually got smaller .
0	i only gave it _num_ stars because i liked my mac and cheese .
1	only thing it says is basically size of unit and the price of job .
0	the food here was greasy , uninspired and bland .
1	one was the wrong size wrong crust .
0	i 'm so disappointed .
1	the size is a little more , too .
0	never again will i take my dog there .
1	now , after picking up my dress we realized they ordered the wrong size !
0	number of other guests is often zero - uncomfortable .
1	for a store the size of giant eagle , i expect more .
0	this is not the first time i 've been hard up to find help .
1	the aisles feel more narrow than they should be for a store this size .
0	just thought you should know .
1	jar was the size a side of sour cream would come in .
0	not sure we will be back .
1	i barely found 1-2 that i would have considered normal size .
0	it was a place where everybody knew my name .
1	the light that was ordered ended up being the wrong size .
0	our hibachi chef was absolutely horrible !
1	another time i was asked what size fries i wanted .
0	this is probably the worst business in carnegie .
1	$ _num_ for a regular size barbecue plate and a ice water !
0	owner is rude & does n't handle customers well .
1	mine were n't made because they had the wrong size lens .
0	the night was not lost .
1	their sizes are not generously portioned out .
0	went in to meet some friends who 'd come in from out of town .
1	it 's the size of a closet , completely messy , and disorganized .
0	although i love the store , this store has horrible customer service .
1	crab puffs are ok , large portion size .
0	ugh .
1	menu seems to be getting smaller and smaller and less flavor and size .
0	the pad thai was bland and generic , and tasted almost gummy .
1	i found out that portion size is good , then bad .
0	the onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can .
1	for the size , the selection is small and the food is very bland .
0	i 'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant .
1	this place is too pricey for the quality and size of their food .
0	that 's not too bad , right ?
1	the portions were ok but not $ _num_ in size or quality .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	a+ they are flavorful but portion size is down .
0	they would not give me the dogs and work out a payment plan .
1	also despite their size , there are no bathrooms for patrons .
0	worse was that there was no flavor .
1	first , they got the sizes wrong .
0	on top of that he is very rude and has no customer service skills .
1	there are n't that many options and their serving size is pathetic .
0	bread is awful .
1	and all style sizes available were _num_ and lower .
0	_num_ caesar salad with flank steak and another caesar salad with shrimps !
1	portions have been reduced at least 1/3 - 1/2 the size .
0	waitresses were overwhelmed and avoided us .
1	the portions have gone down in size and the prices have gone up .
0	dark roasted , bitter , etc .
1	they are advertising free upgrades on the size of the outback sirloin .
0	im _num_ from ohio .
1	being a size _num_ , i thought it would be easy .
0	i could n't believe it .
1	* the window is a standard size .
0	if that 's not enough to stop you , read on .
1	$ _num_ for each meatball the size of a golf balls .
0	night manager tried to enter my room at _num_ am while i was sleeping .
1	the paper got thinner and thinner for a city the size of charlotte .
0	i recently went into this eat n park and had a horrible experience .
1	there 's _num_ size servings for duck .
0	check out the better business bureau ( bbb ) .
1	there were two queen sized beds for you and a friend to share .
0	it took _num_ minutes just to get our waters .
1	once our food came , the portion size of the entrees was extremely underwhelming .
0	what was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip .
1	despite its small size , the pizza had an abundance of grease .
0	just know that they have horrible customer service and technicians .
1	pool the size of a tub heater broken no jacuzzi !
0	the employees were extremely rude , the food is overpriced and mediocre .
1	this airport is _num_ years behind other airports of similar size and volume .
0	now it wo n't fit .
1	it was $ _num_ for a medium sized bowl and drink .
0	my boyfriend and i went to dinner here last saturday .
1	it 's only half the size it used to be .
0	the food is n't terrible , either , but it 's not great .
1	not sure why they did n't have regular sized pillows .
0	it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
1	i was very disappointed to find that there portion sizes have been cut down .
0	everything else we had sucked .
1	they do n't have one in a larger size and no store credit offered .
0	do not stay here .
1	my friend noticed that i got the wrong size .
0	reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat .
1	the first thing i really hate about this restaurant is the menu size .
0	it 'll never dry !
1	unfortunately , the track was actually the size of my hotel room .
0	baked eggplant caprese : the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess .
1	noodles were doughy and chewy and clearly different sized than the old method .
0	my dad would always take me to this place when i was little .
1	the only plus to this place was the super sized sodas .
0	very very slow service .
1	room size and cleanliness were acceptable and so was was the continental breakfast .
0	i am not exaggerating in the least .
1	it was _num_ golf ball size fried mashed potato balls with a little meat .
0	alexander 's offers some of the worst italian food i 've ever had .
1	woman at gold counter said that they had no more cars in that size .
0	sad to see it go .
1	the sometimes mess up sizes .
0	why would anyone even pay for such lousy food ?
1	the meatballs were okay and slightly above average size , but $ _num_ each ?
0	when my dish comes out , it 's literally just steamed veggies and rice .
1	also , with the size , there is never a wait .
0	we finally just walked out to go elsewhere .
1	and this was a full sized tower .
0	no accessible stalls in restrooms .
1	their gyros are over priced , and are the size of samples .
0	so fool me once , shame on me .
1	it had to be _num_ sizes to big .
0	it looked a mess .
1	i was not asked size options , is there only one size ?
0	from the food to the prices , you could n't find better .
1	my beef with this chain is their portion sizes .
0	watery sauce , no heat .
1	the salad has been greatly reduced in size .
0	i will never step foot in that store again .
1	about half the size of a regular chicken breast .
0	my advice , avoid this place .
1	next to it was cooked spinach about the size of a thumb nail .
0	( $ _num_ for a hair cut i was n't satisfied with ) .
1	nothing special and the portion sizes leave much to be desired .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	cheese quesadilla - good size and really the only thing i enjoyed .
0	she was super excited and counting down the days until arrival .
1	paid $ _num_ for a _num_ cent size cheeseburger from mcdonalds .
0	i would n't stay here again .
1	i booked a room with a king size bed .
0	this restaurant is horrible .
1	it is way too large in size for my personal preference .
0	the only good thing was that the cheese biscuits here are bomb !
1	first off , the portion sizes .
0	absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vets !
1	it 's because the doctor was n't comfortable with my size obviously .
0	i am upset to report that this tasted rather bland .
1	i had big roaches , small roaches , medium size roaches in my apartment .
0	it had no flavor whatsoever .
1	a bowls of new england clam chowder was the size of a cup .
0	i guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it .
1	it was thin and crispy and cut into little bite size pizzas .
0	second sign i chose to ignore .
1	so he instead gave us a medium sized pan and refunded us the difference .
0	i ordered the bone in fillet , they brought me a ribeye .
1	portion sizes were large and we had lots of leftovers .
0	i ca n't believe all the high reviews .
1	can i get to that rack so i can find my size ?
0	there is no lobby to hold people before a show .
1	bread size is the same as an ordinary square loaf of sandwich bread .
0	or , they can pick-up the entire set and provide _num_ % credit .
1	as for the food , price does not fit the quality or size .
0	$ _num_ / salad ?
1	the food portion sizes for to-go are horrible .
0	the menu states there are _num_ market priced items .
1	the sitting area was a nice size and the kitchenette area was clean .
0	what i really did n't like about this place was the service .
1	the one i chose appeared healthy and young ( size of a quarter ) .
0	should n't you be doing this for all of your clients ?
1	they were returned to me a full size smaller than i dropped them off .
0	i asked the waitress ... did n't this come with the mango salsa topping ?
1	they raised prices & reduced sizes !
0	i ordered honey walnut chicken and was served honey walnut shrimp .
1	actually , there are not `` two sizes '' of `` one scoop '' .
0	we got the scallop appetizer and it was to die for !
1	serving size of the pulled pork was a bit too small .
