0	gross . )
1	they all sound wonderful .
0	we had a big group but my bill did n't have the tip added .
1	does this sound a little harsh or angry ?
0	it was annoying fighting the crowds to look at the certain cars .
1	it sounded amazing , it was bad .
0	who cares what i think though , everyone has a different taste .
1	customer service is great , installation looks great and my car sounds even better .
0	maybe it 's nostalgia for the cigar but i thought he looked ridiculous .
1	sound harsh ?
0	they have completely horrible , rude customer service reps .
1	the sound was n't impressive .
0	shame on you , time warner cable .
1	_num_ sounded reasonable .
0	here 's where it gets bad .
1	there were about ten different dishes , and every single one sounded fantastic !
0	very disappointed .
1	sounded good , but it just tasted like balsamic grease .
0	we also got a chicken ranch flat bread and this left us disappointed .
1	sounds like cox is hurting for business ... .
0	way overpriced and service was n't great .
1	might not sound appetizing but i swear to you it is delicious !
0	i 'm not even sure where to start .
1	lighting & sound was great .
0	we will not be back .
1	my friend also enjoyed the wild boar - sounds crazy , but delicious .
0	i however , ordered the steak and cheese pita and was extremely disappointed .
1	that this was the source of the sound and asked for another $ _num_ .
0	for $ _num_ plus delivery ?
1	it sounded like a jet engine every time it started .
0	i do n't know if i can ever return to buca .
1	food and menu selection was minimal and nothing sounded or looked good .
0	the beef pho was sub par .
1	sounds like poor kitchen line management that should be corrected .
0	did n't even offer a food menu .
1	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
0	the one rabbit is ( per statement vet ) not going to get better .
1	but i feel that i was unwelcome guest from his sound of voice .
0	utterly , totally unbelievable .
1	it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ?
0	the staff i dealt with could not have cared less about helping me .
1	sounds sorta like stealing , does n't it ?
0	i have never been treated so badly as a consumer .
1	you surely does not sound like rachel '' .
0	guy on the front desk has the attitude problem .
1	sounds disgusting when you think about it .
0	_num_ - put the drink prices on the website too .
1	the sound was good and the concert itself was amazing .
0	the parking lot is miserable .
1	navigate ( i know i sound like an old person ) !
0	not anything like the pieces on the floor .
1	mmm , sounds yummy but the ramen noodles just blew it for me .
0	something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad .
1	the sound system was amazing and more than enough for a wedding .
0	the steak was so chopped that it kept falling out of the bun .
1	i have n't done one but it sounds like fun .
0	it would have probably been better to take the mega bus .
1	the guy above me sounded like he was moving furniture until _num_ am .
0	so , my wife got up and we walked out of this place .
1	the sound was terrible and i spent more time outside than in .
0	i 'm so disappointed .
1	she sounds like she do n't wan na help me or talk to me .
0	the did n't look or taste like pretzels , rather like breadsticks .
1	does diet coke sound like regular root beer ?
0	her ex must have ran , not walked away from her .
1	i ordered the bagel breakfast , which sounded great , but beware !
0	i feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole .
1	sounds like a flat out lie if i ever heard one .
0	there is no grass on the range .
1	takes me forever to pick something , everything sounds soo good .
0	and after her comments , i 'm so glad that i decided to leave .
1	the sound is n't even my biggest issue .
0	wish i could give this place negative stars .
1	this place came up and sounded great !
0	service is not friendly .
1	sounds bad but i was thankful for my mom 's disabled parking tag .
0	this pf changs needs new management !
1	sounds disgusting do n't it ?
0	i just do n't get how anyone could like it ?
1	sounds like a great deal .
0	finally i flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager .
1	i just know that it created a roaring sound in my room .
0	no one should have to go thru what i am currently going thru .
1	i ordered the salmon , the only thing that sounded anyhow attractive .
0	as late as it was , there was no offer to comp the pizza .
1	negative : the food sounds good but does n't deliver you to flavor town .
0	so dissapointed and will never use them again .
1	they advertise it to sound tourist friendly but seriously , just do n't .
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	if that sounds like a nightmare , skip it .
0	but it was n't just the knowledge of the menu .
1	sound i great lights are great the stage is amazing .
0	bland and soggy as we 've ever tasted .
1	it sounds odd , but so much fun .
0	i 've found the service here to be pretty terrible .
1	nothing special but it was n't terrible as it sounds .
0	i ate here when it opened , a and again _num_ years later .
1	he looked and sounded miserable taking my order .
0	no fish .
1	a nice green chili burrito sounded just right for 9am .
0	so sad .
1	if that sounds like fun , check kohl 's out .
0	i woke up with bed bug bites all over my body !
1	sounded good .
0	their staff is horribly rude that way .
1	really poor sound control .
0	it 's fairly disgusting ( sticky tables , trash everywhere ) .
1	it sounds like you are inside a nightclub trying to sleep .
0	apparently they feel that frozen cakes are acceptable for events .
1	sounds quality is excellent and can be loud !
0	worst chinese food i 've ever had .
1	it literally sounds like there is a major concert going on .
0	this was a big mistake .
1	great music venue with good sound quality and friendly staff .
0	horrible service and horrible food !
1	all sounded delicious .
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	excellent sound .
0	i just do n't understand the appeal .
1	sound 's good does n't it .
0	not to be recommended unless you 're desperate .
1	the menu is extensive , and everything sounds delish .
0	this bar is cramped , overpriced , and the service is unbelievably slow .
1	pizza sounded amazing .
0	i do n't understand why this place is so popular .
1	but she did n't sound so convinced of that herself .
0	we were disappointed with our entrees .
1	while it might not sound like a great combination , this pizza was fantastic .
0	um no , its like $ _num_ extra for delivery .
1	in an effort not to sound completely inappropriate i 'll say this .
0	but their pizza was remarkably terrible .
1	the system sounds great .
0	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
1	it sounds like a scam to get more money from insurance companies .
0	if you want bland tasteless food , then stop here .
1	once we finally received the dvd , there is barely any sound .
0	we left , went to the charlotte store and they were amazing .
1	the salads on the menu sound good but taste awful .
0	if i were to go back , it certainly would not be to eat .
1	this experience does n't sound real right ?
0	they clearly do n't bring them in at the end of the night .
1	review on the pizza sounds great too ... .
0	worst service ever !
1	sounded like they were laughing as well .
0	the inside looked a bit old and run down .
1	like a damn toddler screaming for attention , that 's what she sounded like .
0	our server was attentive , almost to a fault .
1	sounds like big o tires needs my business next time.
0	and they gave us some disgusting mustard sauce to dip it in . )
1	i was ok with this and it sounded fair enough .
0	but the quality just does n't match the price .
1	sounds pretty perfect , take out for $ _num_ including delivery and tax !
0	so i guess if you want an authentic pittsburgh experience then go here .
1	the mango pudding , although sounds plain , was absolutely delicious and tastes fresh .
0	it 's slow , portions are smaller and the staff is terrible .
1	sounds like it 's better to dine in .
0	its ridiculous and the policy needs to be changed asap .
1	after the second starter was supposedly installed the sound still never went away .
0	no drafts or specials on a friday when we got there at _num_ .
1	it sounds like to me they do n't want to do it .
0	this was some of the worst food i 've ever had .
1	sounds delicious does n't it ?
0	i declined that after reading is was mediocre at best .
1	full of color , texture , smells , and sounds .
0	food is cheap but portions are small .
1	yeah i know sounds like most any used car sales operation in phoenix .
0	the baked potato was awful and the service was mediocre .
1	lighting and sound were spot on .
0	worst mcdonalds i have ever been to .
1	it sounds bad , but we still go here .
0	never again will i take my dog there .
1	they have a huge bar and live music has always sounded great here .
0	it does n't !
1	it 's probably worse than it sounds .
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	soul food , sounds good to me !
0	the restaurant was fairly busy with lots of customers chatting at their tables .
1	sounds great now !
0	_num_ hour wait and then cold food served .
1	i really love the traditional touches and the sound system was really nice .
0	there were nine people in the bar section .
1	unfortunately for me , i have a very nice sound system in my car .
0	it was frustrating .
1	jeep sounded great when i got it back .
0	our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
1	lunch menu was full of delicious sounding dishes .
0	the karaoke host was just lame .
1	does this sound like competent maintenance ?
0	really wanted to like it here , but am never going back .
1	sound system was good , no complaints from the back section where i stood .
0	a very frustrating moment indeed .
1	vincent did not sound like he was happy to be at work today .
0	it was n't good at all .
1	the fry bread house sounded amazing !
0	service was horrible !
1	still very hungry sounds like bad management .
0	this has only been my 2nd time at a red lobster ever .
1	sounds like fun to me !
0	benihana is not worth your time or money .
1	sounds great i thought .
0	i gave up and refused the offer for another .
1	i choose the rueben sandwich -- sounded like a safe bet .
0	the price was fair and the delivery driver was nice .
1	the list of food sounded great and included many typical hawaiian items .
0	better than that , why was my pot sticker appetizer in my beer ?
1	oh yeah , the ac sounds like a _num_ taking off above your bed .
0	_num_ .
1	it sounded good , i like lemon stuff , why not ?
0	in a word : forgettable .
1	how good does a waffle sound right now anyways ?
0	terrible service .
1	the sound in the theater was awful as well .
0	it was bad in every way it could be bad .
1	but , it sound horrible .
0	people were sat after us and have already received food .
1	however , the sound was ridiculously loud to the point of hurting your ears .
0	the room i stayed in was old and run down .
1	it sounds so simple , but it 's perfected simplicity .
0	they are incredibly slow and ridiculously over priced .
1	did that sound nasty to you ?
0	ok i said i was sorry .
1	was so looking forward to it , sounded yummy .
0	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
1	you can hardly see the stage and the sound is terrible .
0	i asked for an estimated wait time , not how many appointments there are .
1	it does not sound true .
0	sweating at the lanes while trying to hold a loaded gun .
1	sounds nice but i 'm sure it 's because the location is hurting .
0	the pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible .
1	it sounded like something went wrong with an order or employee or something .
0	parking is atrocious .
1	while it may actually sound kind of good , no , it was n't .
0	i get there only to find out they have nothing ready .
1	sounds extremely inefficient and i doubt other urgent cares work that way .
0	i guess for $ _num_ i could n't complain .
1	when we got to the hotel , our dogs were not making a sound .
0	probably not .
1	the sound was nearly perfect .
0	it was not spicy .
1	i think that would be it , yet it almost sounds too positive .
0	rude front desk staff .
1	as weird as it sounds , this place has a small yet great menu .
0	or , they can pick-up the entire set and provide _num_ % credit .
1	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
0	shame on you benihana .
1	but it 's more interesting than it sounds !
0	great location but low on amenities .
1	my story sounds very similar to the ones posted on here already .
0	they wo n't even bother to tell you that they will come !
1	the menu explained what each dish was very well and all sounded great .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get the mustard and mayo .
1	it is nice to hear classical music often played over the sound system .
0	ugh .
1	does n't sound like a huge difference but it is .
0	i love bbb ; however , this location is terrible .
1	yeah , now i type it i know how stupid that sounds .
0	it 's sad .
1	does n't it sound fishy to you ?
0	_num_ .
1	top notch , these guys always produce a superior product and crisp clean sound .
0	i was rear ended at a stop sign , was n't my fault .
1	sounded like i was flying a helicopter .
0	whoever recently took over , should be ashamed .
1	the sound may have been horrible .
0	disgusting .
1	and they all sound so delicious !
0	but i was n't feeling it here .
1	it may not sound right but it 's excellent .
0	it really is a pittsburgh staple but come on ... .
1	sounds fancy , eh ?
0	what horrible service this place gives !
1	( sounds like as good a reason as any . )
0	no ... not a sir and i wanted to order mozzarella wheels .
1	it sounds weird but they serve one of the best pasta in phoenix .
0	poor customer service .
1	he was rude and sounded like a drunk from the hood ?
0	not so much .
1	the neighbors toilet runs and it sounds like its coming from our bathroom .
0	the hallways smell like hot garbage , always .
1	the sound was aweful but that was no fault of the band .
0	i signed all paper work and returned the keys .
1	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
0	two hours and i 'm still waiting on a slow sunday night .
1	good sound system and perfect views from every place in the room .
0	my boyfriend and i decided to split the platter , which was horrible .
1	to me that sounds divine but the taste was just lacking .
0	this includes the broth and the chicken .
1	i know i sound like a brat .
0	never again ... .
1	think being in a trashy part of vegas sounds like your dream get away ?
0	never received a refill on my soda .
1	the sound quality here is just ok , it could be a lot better .
0	this trip was bad , even for the price .
1	based on the reviews , this place sounded like a home run .
0	i could have gotten a better wax at a cheap nail salon .
1	when she answered the phone she already sounded annoyed .
0	was very disappointed with the food .
1	that does n't sound too bad .
0	i should n't have to look for something , it should obviously be there .
1	i know how absurd that sounds , because it was absurd .
0	`` ill tell the waitress . ''
1	when drinking , strip clubs sound great do n't they ?
0	my heels still looked as bad as they did when i walked in .
1	the sound was great for a large space .
0	the employees did not seem to care and had no sense to work faster .
1	sounds sanitary , huh ?
0	_num_ .
1	sounded like it to me too originally .
0	my jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke .
1	tell me , does sapphire sound like `` espresso '' to you ?
0	rules made by men .
1	sounds like i 'm on kitchen nightmares with gordon ramsey .
0	it more than less ruined our dining experience .
1	pretty much sounded like he doesnt care for any business ... .
0	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
1	sounds a little scary , where did the information go ?
0	my husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me .
1	i guess pickles and onions sound the same .
0	... can you call back later , i 'm really busy . ''
1	i asked for lunch special and she sounded lost .
0	it saved me from cooking and doing dishes though .
1	if you are not facing the stage , the sound is terrible .
0	we booked this hotel to stay during an overnight layover in charlotte .
1	sounds like a great deal , right ?
0	if i had not already paid for the food , i would have left .
1	it sounds worse than that .
0	unfortunately rock bottom is one that falls into that category .
1	( that does n't sound like it fit her own story .
0	i wo n't be getting one again .
1	i hate to sound so negative but thats the experience i had .
0	the crab stuffing was mostly stuffing .
1	nothing else looked or sounded appealing either .
0	walmart does n't even make you do that !
1	i replaced those and it still was making a terrible sound .
0	nah ... why bother when there are so many other options around .
1	it 's not as appetizing as it sounds .
0	with ron 's , you are better off considering fast food .
1	crystal clear and the music sounded like a million bucks coming out of it .
0	it looked like someone 's basement or garage with tables in it .
1	they have a turkey burger which sounds good .
0	rotten food and over charging customer .
1	sounded kind of fishy to me .
0	the burgers are rather bland and burnt .
1	the _num_ guys sounded like they did n't know what they were talking about .
0	it 's never cold , never .
1	i called and spoke with an extremely unhelpful guy , he sounded young .
0	my boyfriend and i went to dinner here last saturday .
1	the exam was about _num_ minutes listen to my heart and said sounds okay .
0	bad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around .
1	it just was n't `` smooth '' sounding as you would expect .
0	when my food came out , the chicken was cold .
1	pad thai sounded yummy and ordered chicken added to the dish .
0	disappointed .
1	shortly afterwards an alarm began sounding from the service elevator .
0	minus _num_ stars for not being much better than starbucks .
1	the menu is a problem , everything on it sounds so good !
0	then the stack was topped with whipped cream .
1	sounds like a steal .
0	i walked around .
1	so many delicious sounding choices was hard to choose from !
0	all our food was the thrown together in the same pan .
1	wait , that did n't sound right .
0	she came back _num_ minutes later , with the beers and took our order .
1	we look at it but nothing sounds appetizing .
0	i guess that 's what they say to excuse the lack of proper a/c .
1	the guys are good players and give sound advice as well .
0	i would n't even give them one star at this location !
1	but of course , this also sounds like a pretty horrible idea .
0	of course it was good , it is fried cheese !
1	the sound guy is not good .
0	there was only _num_ bartender working so the service was a little slow .
1	sounds good does n't it ?
0	potato pancakes taste like they had vinegar in them .
1	overpriced snacks , and the sound on the movie was awful .
0	thanks , but no .
1	the sound was so bad that i feel they ripped me off .
0	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
1	i know , it sounds good .
0	no dipping oil with herbs and spices .
1	i ask a question , she sound irritated answering my question .
0	i wish i could remember the other thing , but it was better .
1	my sound is awful on some channels .
0	what a disappointment .
1	it 's sad because their menu has many options and it actually sounds appetizing .
0	the food was bland .
1	everything on the me sounds good .
0	this is the burger king that corporate forgot .
1	damn that sounds good !
0	i usually get the steak salad which used to be good .
1	that does n't sound like a general practice facility to me .
0	will not return to this place .
1	hmmm , a nearby german restaurant sounds good ( and it was ) .
0	very slow .
1	i know it sounds crazy but the wings are good .
0	this place is a train wreck .
1	why would n't ethiopian food sound exciting ?
0	nothing was dry ?
1	this time , a different lady answered , and sounded very impatient and surly .
0	i have a idea , get rid of those cashiers , fire them !
1	and the garage door sounded like hell a few weeks later .
