0	he never approached our table , but he walked past us several times .
1	soup 's not the same .
0	in fact , all of the food is becoming gross .
1	service was slow for soup and a salad .
0	cheese fries , burgers , some salads , mediocre pasta , etc .
1	velvet corn and chicken soup was tasty but needed lots of pepper .
0	that 's _num_ % .
1	i gave the soup back and she did n't apologize .
0	we were eating here often , but it got boring quickly .
1	i ordered a grilled cheese with tomato and split pea soup .
0	total for one waffle cone with sprinkles = $ _num_ .
1	two people ordered bruschetta , french onion soup and different sandwiches .
0	a regular ice cream cone was $ _num_ .
1	waiting _num_ minutes for a cold club and cup of soup is totally unacceptable .
0	one quote $ _num_ , another quote was $ _num_ .
1	our drinks and my soup came out immediately .
0	however , every times i drive thru pittsburgh , i always stopped here .
1	it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
0	their orange juice is never too tart , never too sweet .
1	the soups were awful , bland and boring .
0	i could n't taste salt , pepper , garlic , anything .
1	the wedding soup was less than fair .
0	not sure if i 'll try again .
1	my order was simple - steamed dumplings and wonton soup .
0	the drinks were all ice and refills were not timely .
1	the wonton soup was horrible .
0	and , all were nothing to write home about .
1	soup not hot , waitress and cook fighting loudly .
0	do n't recommend buying a car of another make here .
1	it was so greasy it looked more like enchilada soup .
0	needless to say , none of us finished our food .
1	miso soup had an odd taste this visit .
0	they confirmed my reservation on the phone .
1	mom did n't like the soup , as well .
0	not much pineapple in the chicken pineapple dish .
1	the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
0	so be aware they added an automatic _num_ % gratuity to the check .
1	we ordered just soup and eggrolls for takeout .
0	i know some people have off days but this was bad .
1	very disappointed ordered _num_ sandwiches and two soups .
0	skip it !
1	our chicken sizzling rice soup was flavor less and completely watered down .
0	while the food remains okay , the service leaves something to be desired .
1	i can not eat salad so ordered the soup .
0	the chicken was like tasteless rubber .
1	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
0	what a complete disaster .
1	soups were borderline offensive .
0	but the attitude of this place could be better .
1	egg drop soup that came with it was way too thick .
0	so why do they get _num_ stars instead of just _num_ ?
1	the underwhelming : the french onion soup was not hot .
0	did n't even get time under the warmer .
1	their fried rice is all gummy and their noodle soups are too salty .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	seafood noodle soup had slices of pork .
0	took nearly two hours for everyone in our party to get our food .
1	i did n't want to have miso soup any more after that .
0	but yes , you guessed it , that 's overpriced too .
1	but then i got my chicken lemongrass soup .
0	it was sad , really .
1	i had the chicken ramen soup for a main course .
0	one star for the ridiculous overcharge .
1	it 's soup and a wedge salad .
0	i am disappointed .
1	looked like a bunch of fruit flies made their way into the soup .
0	we did n't see him again until after our food was brought to us .
1	menu on yelp states lentil soup is made with olive oil .
0	i left , and do n't intend to return .
1	hot and sour soup was bland .
0	absurd .
1	now , soup was no taste at all !
0	my wife had the chicken pesto pasta .
1	while the onion soup was actually good , the rest was awful .
0	maybe i just did n't order the right dish .
1	the soup .
0	also , very expensive !
1	service was fast , but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing .
0	my eggs benedict was good , so was my bloody mary .
1	i woke up with a stuffy nose and in need of some hot soup .
0	i think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients !
1	the chicken egg drop soup was oddly sweet .
0	unless your are here for a beer , forget about it .
1	the food came quick but no potato soup .
0	rice was over cooked .
1	clam chowder was the soup and salty was its name .
0	you 're paying like $ _num_ a night for no soap .
1	the wonton soup was watery , and the wontons were inedible .
0	but the rest of the place , not so much .
1	no soup for me apparently .
0	the hotel rooms were dirty and service was terrible .
1	our appetizer finally arrived - but no soup .
0	the cheapest thing on the menu was $ _num_ .
1	first , i ordered wor wonton soup .
0	the main courses are extremely overpriced ( not unusual for walnut st. ) .
1	the food was cold including the soup , fries .
0	hmm a bit misleading .
1	after tasting a lukewarm soup , we noticed there were no wontons !
0	it was god awful .
1	as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready .
0	ordered the pho and it was mediocre and forgettable .
1	only good thing that we ate all of was the hot and sour soup .
0	stopped in with my daughter we just wanted something small to eat .
1	why would soup take _num_ minutes ?
0	it was so dirty i could barley contain myself .
1	we sat there for about _num_ minutes with soup spilled all over the table .
0	hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway .
1	hot and sour soup also bland .
0	now i had a $ _num_ salad and $ _num_ pasta trio .
1	not sure how you can make that soup bland , but they did it .
0	they used to have a white mocha but not anymore .
1	they left out the soup and half sandwich as well as the cookies .
0	i am brand new to the area and never ordered from this location before .
1	their miso soup was cold and spoiled .
0	seriously though , their food is so bad .
1	wonton soup -- sorry broth ; wonton ok .
0	he employees walk by dirty tables then people sit at them .
1	without soul however , gumbo is just chicken soup .
0	my trim & partial high lights took _num_ 1/2 hours though !
1	the house salad is awful and so are all the soups .
0	the prime rib was fatty and cold .
1	there was also excessive msg in the soup dishes .
0	the service did n't get any better .
1	soup was served cold with basil leaves which were dry .
0	they just lost a loyal customer ... never again .
1	the soup was so bad , i could not finish it .
0	we all know it 's not great .
1	all entrees come with bread , soup or salad , and tea or coffee .
0	maybe it 's just the built in crowd .
1	very expensive for a bowl of soup just over $ _num_ .
0	it was also virtually tasteless .
1	the burger and `` spicy '' cajun soup were very mediocre .
0	the wait staff did n't even acknowledge our party of _num_ .
1	the weather was cold , so i wanted soup .
0	we sat outside and the service was very slow .
1	there was hardly any miso in the soup .
0	maybe i just had a bad day .
1	maybe just have some soup for lunch .
0	ordered the lobster mac n cheese as an appetizer .
1	tomato soup with basil , good flavour but to course in texture .
0	i did n't have an issue with the place or the other patrons .
1	i ordered the lemon grass soup with shrimp and the papaya salad .
0	went here and of course had the worst experience getting my bridesmaid dress .
1	totally reminded me of a mexican soup nazi attitude !
0	change management and has gone down hill .
1	soup for the lunch specials came out after the food , was n't good .
0	the pasta is consistently overcooked .
1	on top of that , my meatballs were quite dry , even in soup .
0	waitress wiped off table and pushed crumbs into my lap .
1	but again , the chicken was tough and the soup had no flavor .
0	whatever the case , they have cold guinness .
1	the garden veggie soup is watery , not recommended .
0	i really wanted to write a good review , but the experience was disappointing .
1	the side soup is luke warm , soup should always be hot .
0	there were two girls at the front desk , neither could have been bothered .
1	according to my bf the hot and sour soup was great .
0	they also promised me a partial refund for my massive inconvenience .
1	there was no soup or anything kind of body was .
0	it was n't me .
1	how can you mess up wonton soup and vegetable spring rolls .
0	it 's come to the point that i avoid this place if i can .
1	once they took his empty soup bowl away , the wait began .
0	i am sorry to say i did not get it .
1	the soups were horrible and looked they had being sitting there all week .
0	the only thing that saved the evening from disaster were our server and busser .
1	painfully mediocre : small rolls , $ _num_ miso soup , drinks were reasonable .
0	they charge me for their mistake .
1	the soup is not hot , like it should be .
0	_num_ ) they use canned whipped cream .
1	soups could have been a bit more full in the cups .
0	i would n't be as concerned if i were here for pleasure .
1	i ordered two orders of soup hot and sour and egg drop .
0	the steak was rough and bad .
1	i started with a cup of their wonton soup .
0	boring .
1	there was no soup ( wtf ) !
0	the bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion .
1	soup was mediocre .
0	this was not the case .
1	the tortilla soup was way over seasoned - could not eat it .
0	my advice , avoid this place .
1	i got a chicken noodle soup and he got the seafood calzone .
0	i want so badly to like this place !
1	the thai soup staple .
0	really disappointed .
1	the vegetable soup was ok but it had a lot of corn in it .
0	i am never going back to this place .
1	the miso soup was barely average .
0	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
1	the fried wontons , like the soup , had almost no filling .
0	i ca n't hold it against them though .
1	after all this , my coworker gets a dirty soup spoon .
0	_num_ .
1	maybe canned soup would be more competition .
0	the food can be somewhat disappointing but will sometimes do in a pinch .
1	there were bugs in my egg drop soup .
0	clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here .
1	do n't even get me started on the wife 's entree and soup !
0	service was slow and inattentive all night .
1	i 'm only giving this a _num_ because the soup was good.
0	my sleep and stay was ruined .
1	it was like no other wonton soup i have ever seen .
0	he had my money and had no more use for me .
1	the egg drop soup had no flavor either .
0	she was sooooo rude .
1	the soup was neither hot in temperature or spice but it certainly was sour .
0	i would not recommend anybody go .
1	i ordered bruschetta and salad and my companions had soup and salad .
0	what an embarrassment .
1	the soup was a weird creamy mess .
0	the second time , though , was tonight , valentine 's day .
1	low sodium tomato soup !
0	too many good italian places in pittsburgh to choose here .
1	anyways , the soup was broccoli and cheese .
0	imagine my frustration .
1	several minutes later our server arrives with our salads , soups and drinks .
0	nothing was awful , but nothing stood out in any way .
1	hot & sour soup was highly americanized , not very hot or very sour .
0	the whole call took _num_ minutes most of it on hold .
1	the miso soup was great but the rolls were terrible .
0	meh , i 've experienced better is an understatement .
1	$ _num_ for wedding soup ?
0	it blew my crappy tacos out of the water !
1	the hot & sour soup was also a huge disappointment .
0	i dunno .
1	there were chicken bones in my soup .
0	i 've tried and tried to give this place a chance .
1	bad food bad service greasy matzo ball soup .
0	nor is there any hint of a true thai taste .
1	i did not like the soup .
0	there is nothing to eat within walking distance .
1	well , this hot and sour soup was disgusting .
0	there were only two orders ahead of me , utterly ridiculous .
1	i also told her the soup was cold .
0	_num_ stars .
1	do not order the soup if you are on a low sodium diet .
0	_num_ minutes of discussion for $ _num_ worth of food ?
1	egg rolls , wonton soup were not good .
0	do n't expect any help when things get ruined .
1	the first thing i ordered was a bowl of lemongrass soup .
0	sad to see it go .
1	the teriyaki sauce was so watered down it turned my rice into soup .
0	pretty obvious the waitress did n't know the table numbers .
1	i ordered the orange chicken , fried rice , soup , and crab puffs .
0	before i talked to them , i could change channels and had a picture .
1	did not even get a soup or salad , no side or drinks .
0	this is not a really cool hang out .
1	the ramen soup was bland .
0	mussels were freezing cold .
1	had lobster bisque soup not to good .
0	just skip this one and you will be better off .
1	my hot and sour soup tasted quite different from the way it had .
0	terrible .
1	wonton soup and a mediocre fortune earns this one ( _num_ ) golden star .
0	it 's not worth it .
1	the wonton soup i have to say though was very good .
0	we will not be back .
1	the chicken & rice soup was pretty bland .
0	really , are they kidding serving store bought salsa ?
1	vegetable soup that was so flavorless as to be nearly nonexistent .
0	by now its nearly _num_ o'clock .
1	she brought our soups , which luckily had spoons in the huge bowls .
0	ca n't wait till google comes to save us .
1	turns out they do n't have soup .
0	not a big deal just thought it odd .
1	the wonton soup was pretty much store bought chicken broth with giant empty wontons .
0	what a disappointment !
1	the soup ( hot and sour ) was way too sour .
0	i mean really loud .
1	udon soup as did my co worker .
0	never received my order and was left in a bad mood .
1	the hot and sour soup was ok.
0	the waitstaff are very unprofessional all standing around and talking loud near your table .
1	i opted for the shrimp udon soup .
0	i mean , i understand you do n't care about _num_ dollars .
1	what i received reminded me of mrs grass soup .
0	noise level -- painful ?
1	the only thing i enjoyed was the wonton soup !
0	being next door to corporate you would have higher expectations .
1	the soups were not as good either .
0	it was n't the best meal as far as service was concerned .
1	we never got enough silverware or soup bowls .
0	is n't that the same as `` not made fresh in pittsburgh ? ''
1	eventually our entrees came , i ordered soup , it was n't good .
0	the check-in desk was super slow during my stay there .
1	my hot and sour soup was terrible in flavor .
0	i was livid and called to complain .
1	i 'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the french onion pot roast .
0	i waited as long as i could but she never came back .
1	i ordered the turkey cranberry half sandwich and broccoli cheddar soup .
0	disgusting .
1	to say the least , i was disappointed in my soup .
0	they just broke into my house without any notice to show around .
1	my soup was alright - french onion - pretty standard .
0	he also went on to give me the fastest haircut i 've ever had .
1	i tried the egg drop soup and could taste plastic .
0	i 'm not sure its all made in-house anymore .
1	the miso soup was tasty but room temperature .
0	the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
1	my wife ordered the other special , chicken tortilla soup and a turkey melt .
0	it looked rather like a barber shop .
1	we ordered _num_ sandwich , _num_ soup and _num_ half sandwich half salad .
0	our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
1	the only two good things are the veggie rolls and the vegetable soup .
0	the food was not great and not worth the price at all .
1	and for the tortillas , there was none in the soup .
0	the menu lists them as including jalapeno , but there was no heat whatsoever .
1	the soup was ok ... not real hot but very salty .
0	we counted _num_ parties , thats it ... in a otherwise bare restaurant .
1	soup was nothing special .
0	it was another _num_ before i got my food .
1	i probably will be back to try their pho soup .
0	coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce i smothered on it .
1	and , crab soup so salty , was not edible .
0	no thanks .
1	the soup was also extremely salty .
0	it was my anniversary tonight , a tuesday .
1	i literally had my soup and salad delivered within _num_ seconds of each other .
0	this is not the courtyard i was expecting .
1	they then proceeded to only comp our miso soup and cucumber salad .
0	i was unable to comfortably eat for approx .
1	the soup that came out beforehand was nothing to write home about .
0	i have not a single good thing to say about this restaurant .
1	no soup for you !
0	friends warned me not to eat here .
1	i chose the hot and sour soup .
0	we also shared a pasta dish which was incredibly overpriced .
1	the chili soup was n't hot .
0	to me , thats a big factor in rating restaurants .
1	there will be no soup for me here !
0	the workers do n't seem to care about how long it takes to wait .
1	the beef noodle soup was not tasty .
0	bland again and very chewy .
1	the soup was also cold .
0	horrible !
1	the item should be called buffalo soup with chicken strips .
0	i like the quiche every morning rotating variety everyday .
1	our waiter delivered the soup and salad , but forgot the dressing .
0	i do n't know how this place has stayed in business for so long .
1	it 's hard to screw up miso soup , edamame and veggie rolls .
0	i could not even eat one !
1	i chose the fiesta chicken chopped salad and new chicken tortilla soup .
0	styrofoam plates and plastic forks .
1	the miso soup had iceberg lettuce in it .
0	the crust was hard and flavorless .
1	none of these tasted good , tom yum soup was kinda disgusting .
0	it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
1	i felt like i was eating a spicy spaghetti soup .
0	price : tasty is cheap .
1	the beans were the texture of a watery soup .
0	i was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed !
1	thai corn soup jumbo crab ?
0	but as long as they got their money ; they could give a crap .
1	his french onion soup was decent , but my salad was lacking .
0	not so much at uptown charlotte .
1	very little chicken in both the soup and the drunken noodle .
0	target reminds me of hills when i was a kid .
1	the waitress did n't charge us for the soup .
0	all i have to say is get your crap together .
1	i ordered sizzling rice soup and some egg rolls .
0	i should know better than to have high expectations .
1	( hey , no soup means not having to provide spoons ! )
0	when it came out , it was pretty lousy .
1	the only thing i will give them credit for their italian wedding soup .
0	fish tacos - _num_ people in our party got these .
1	spicy crab soup did not have crab meant in it .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	the soup too was only lukewarm , and very small cup size portion .
0	needless to say , she would n't leave us alone .
1	the spicy sausage soup she first ordered was mostly broth .
0	garden ridge is not the same ... it has really gone downhill .
1	soup has no flavour and it seems to have excessive msg .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	the wedding soup was the worst i have ever had .
0	limited menu .
1	perhaps the biggest disappointment was the egg drop soup .
0	our server was nice but rushed .
1	- i really liked their chicken noodle soup on the first day .
0	this is not one of them .
1	rice should not be soup .
0	the truffles had two salted , one of which was milk chocolate .
1	the food itself was more like seafood soup .
0	they sit on tables and often just sit at your table .
1	two basic rolls and miso soup for $ _num_ .
0	i ca n't even rate this place !
1	the tom yum soup is not tom yum .
0	one of the people working said that was probably because of `` renovations . ''
1	and , there were no packs of crackers by the soup up front .
0	i do n't even know where to begin .
1	i had the tortilla soup and the grilled chicken tacos .
0	no apology .
1	somehow my two bowls of soup came out lukewarm which was quite disappointing .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	the miso soup was hot but the taste only average .
0	it lacks the true flavor that pho broth should have .
1	the potato salad was so watered down it poured like soup .
0	was n't impressed .
1	the hot and sour soup is exactly that .
0	no quick and easy app or beers on the house .
1	it looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich .
