0	the second haircut was great , but styled horribly .
1	the restaurant is understaffed , poorly managed , and the staff is badly trained .
0	so why the low rating ?
1	the front desk staff was not interested in helping me checkin .
0	i hardly ever send food back or complain but this was really bad .
1	not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff .
0	the pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible .
1	staff is extremely rude and unprofessional .
0	big box , impersonal hotel .
1	the staff and management are rude and only want money .
0	i was afraid to sleep in that nasty bed .
1	they made us wait simply because they ca n't staff correctly .
0	_num_ .
1	extremely long lines , and poorly trained staff .
0	the cashiers , pharmacy , and customer service manager were so rude and stupid .
1	add that to the place , the staff , the price - go elsewhere .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	the customers and the staff are miserable at red white and blue .
0	_num_ separate different roaches in a matter of _num_ minutes in the same restaurant .
1	_num_ bartenders on staff while the bar was completely full .
0	the meatballs were greasy and very bland .
1	the staff at both locations where the hell did they find them .
0	i was not even acknowledged .
1	gave it _num_ stars cause the wait staff was nice .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	the wait staff -- not too pleasant !
0	i 'm not asking too much .
1	poor management and training of staff is very evident .
0	but they do n't even seem to have subs .
1	the service staff are rude rude rude .
0	same goes for the provolone wheel .
1	would i have had to call in to sort out their staff 's mistake ?
0	gross !
1	it 's the customers fault your staff ca n't handle a sat night rush .
0	however , every times i drive thru pittsburgh , i always stopped here .
1	the entire staff was hispanic , not japanese .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	the wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor .
0	her corn on the cob was undercooked .
1	however , staff was nice and accommodating .
0	wait , ceasar salad was ok !
1	not enough staff .
0	worst part ?
1	before i go on the owners and staff are all pretty awesome .
0	wo n't be coming back anytime soon .
1	fuck this place fuck this college , fuck the staff .
0	unfortunately within _num_ days one of the diamonds on the halo was missing .
1	staff is rude .
0	i was n't impressed with my clam chowder .
1	the staff did n't seem to `` get '' dogs .
0	okay , i know what you 're thinking why not just leave ?
1	staff was friendly and service was fairly prompt .
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	staff is n't polite or even nice for that matter .
0	i am a ten minute drive from this location .
1	i do n't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff .
0	no changing tables in the bathroom .
1	slow , unfriendly staff who refuse to even talk to you sometimes !
0	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction .
1	the staff was rude and poorly trained .
0	service is n't that great either .
1	the bar is really small and the staff was really unfriendly .
0	it was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing .
1	the bar staff was n't concerned with us and were n't friendly at all .
0	they were very quick ( food ordered and delivered in under _num_ minutes ) .
1	the kitchen was poorly managed and the staff was struggling to handle the demand .
0	unfortunately , this place is pretty dirty .
1	the night staff were very helpful and friendly however the morning staff were not .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	_num_ people in lobby waiting while wait staff stand around .
0	poor quality work .
1	staff are totally rude .
0	i 'm sorry , this place is simply not good .
1	sorry , pizza pit staff .
0	bad mistake .
1	was seated for _num_ min and no wait staff came to take our order .
0	they have no clue what the word `` toasted '' means .
1	i have never visited a store with such a bad staff .
0	upon entering you are immediately greeted by pure chaos .
1	dishonest staff ruined it for me .
0	horrible service .
1	pleasant staff , but poor quality work .
0	but , it is what it is so do not forget your key !
1	the front desk staff were very courteous and the coffee and breakfast was acceptable .
0	the bill was $ _num_ so it is pricey .
1	staff was supposed to help with a reservation and dropped the ball .
0	why do i need to request a stop on the `` t '' ?
1	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
0	still , would not recommend .
1	lobby bar staff was unfriendly .
0	i would not recommend the spring rolls they are kinda bland .
1	which i guess explains the attitudes of the staff .
0	our food was just average , nothing special .
1	the wait staff act as if their last job was at the dmv !
0	seriously , avoid this place .
1	the staff are extremely rude and not very accommodating .
0	the worst bakery i ever shopped in !
1	manager gone - staff no clue we were coming .
0	it was very cold .
1	small , overcrowded , unfriendly staff .
0	no hi , no thank you , no have a nice day .
1	noisy overcrowded and not enough staff to cover the crowd so service was slow .
0	there is no excuse .
1	he was even rude with his staff while we were there .
0	he make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly .
1	some of staff good others could care less .
0	_num_ .
1	the staff i dealt with could not have cared less about helping me .
0	the food is lousy .
1	sadly , not the best place to go for a friendly staff .
0	waited _num_ minutes for drink , waitress got my order wrong .
1	the positives are that the staff were friendly and worked quickly .
0	the food is n't terrible , either , but it 's not great .
1	his staff is embarrassed .
0	_num_ ) my hot chocolate was just gross .
1	_num_ staff members yelled .
0	chili 's can cook a better steak than them .
1	the wait staff had to be reminded several times of what we ordered .
0	Neutral
1	even the staff is miserable anymore .
0	let me tell you about my bad experience first .
1	the staff is rude .
0	my house is under 1,000 sf .
1	had to argue with staff that a martini does not only have two ounces !
0	i quickly devoured the tiny appetizer in _num_ bites .
1	the wait staff was helpful and service was quick .
0	the spicy yellow tail was not spicy .
1	again , the food was mediocre but the staff was extremely friendly .
0	not to mention the constant slow internet .
1	kitchen staff was slow in execution especially for not having a big crowd .
0	well , this place is beyond horrible .
1	i only give it _num_ stars because of the wait staff !
0	a place i would go back to but not regularly .
1	lack of professionalism with the management staff .
0	however , it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool .
1	terrible service , rude staff .
0	i have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed .
1	your brand is being damaged because your staff does n't seem to care .
0	and they 're just rude .
1	worst wait times ever , staff is inefficient .
0	the service has always been very slow .
1	the staff was very unhelpful .
0	maybe i chose poorly but i was n't impressed at all .
1	apathetic service staff all around , the peanut and i were really disappointed .
0	completely ruined our meal .
1	most of the staff were borderline rude or down right rude .
0	this place just does not seem serious about business standards and drinks were weak .
1	the staff was rude .
0	service was n't too bad - nice people .
1	a couple tables taken , but no sign of staff in the bar .
0	i will give sushi kim another chance because i know others rave about it .
1	the staff 's attitude is straight out of the big apple .
0	this guy seems nice but he 's actually not .
1	the front staff was rude , and the wait was too long .
0	i do n't know how people keep coming here .
1	the staff is friendly but pushy when it comes to putting in your order .
0	my sides , german potato salad and braised red cabbage , were equally awful .
1	not worth the attitude of the staff .
0	if answer is yes , then maybe this place is for you .
1	thought the staff was incredibly rude .
0	last i had the vegetarian curry dish , the only vegetarian main i found .
1	it 's dirty , food is gross and the wait staff is just pathetic .
0	no consideration to the value of our time .
1	for how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends .
0	but getting to that point was one disaster after another .
1	the gun shot great , unfortunately the staff and facilities were well below par .
0	i can guarantee you we will not be wasting our time in this theater .
1	the sandwich options were limited , and staff completely unhelpful .
0	first off , the beer menu .
1	and rude staff .
0	the food was tasteless , place looked dirty , and rude waitress .
1	but the miss on simple kabobs clearly show a careless staff .
0	i waited until _num_ and knocked normally so that it would be heard .
1	the whole staff especially our server were so unhappy saturday .
0	i looked at my boyfriend who checked his watch while i checked my iphone .
1	staff is rude & snotty with `` comments '' .
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	the wait staff leaves a lot to be desired , the hosts are great .
0	neither i nor my husband understood the hype about this place .
1	staff was very friendly ( hostess , waitress and chef ) .
0	wrong it was smaller portions at a higher price .
1	on top of that , my boyfriend and i encountered the rudest staff there .
0	later they apologize for the error .
1	staff is completely incompetent .
0	terrible crab bisque .
1	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
0	your menu is n't that big !
1	slow an confused counter staff .
0	they sprayed the windows but obviously allowed them to air dry .
1	suggestions : clean up your unprofessional and rude staff !
0	the shrimp were perfectly cooked , though , and i was thankful for that .
1	the staff is very friendly so that 's why they get _num_ stars .
0	i will not recommend this establishment in the future .
1	wait staff is not trained .
0	shockingly bad .
1	i can not get over how unprofessional and rude this office staff is !
0	oh well , their loss .
1	bad service and unfriendly staff .
0	i gave it twice and no one bothered to contact me .
1	the staff was really chaotic and unorganized .
0	thai corn soup jumbo crab ?
1	apart from that , the staff lacks any work ethic or customer service .
0	the coleslaw was a couple pieces of lettuce with some carrots .
1	plus , cold rude staff .
0	did n't live up to my expectations at all .
1	the staff is very rude .
0	also , i had ordered a fried pickle appetizer .
1	ps the maintenance staff are fabulous and deserve _num_ stars !
0	bathroom leaks atleast _num_ times a month .
1	there 's plenty other spots with a lot friendlier staff in charlotte .
0	when i told them that , they just lied and said they did .
1	bar staff not so much this visit .
0	today , half the lettuce i had on my caesar salad was rotten .
1	rude front desk staff .
0	i asked wth and they told me , management change .
1	the staff is rude and store is usually very dirty .
0	worst mcdonald 's ever .
1	the small staff could just not get people to tables quickly enough !
0	the strawberry was too sweet .
1	the staff was very kind but a little annoying .
0	they went home hungry and very unhappy .
1	looks like they are having staffing problems .
0	so why do they get _num_ stars instead of just _num_ ?
1	the staff is unorganized and it is incredibly difficult to reach a doctor .
0	that was not acceptable to me .
1	but it seemed like i was absolutely bothering the staff this morning .
0	change management and has gone down hill .
1	i immediately notified the staff and was told the manager would be notified .
0	sat at the bar at about _num_ saturday for appetizers and drinks .
1	the staff is slow and the orders are rarely correct .
0	i 've had good meals here , and i 've had really bad ones .
1	some of the staff barely knows english past the menu items and prices .
0	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
1	the desk staff immediately found me another room .
0	horrible service !
1	the staff sucks beyond rude .
0	the wings were awful .
1	very unprofessional staff so far .
0	which was dry , overcooked and lukewarm .
1	the quality of service from the staff was inconsistent .
0	terrible .
1	then staff tried to get in !
0	why does n't the schedule know this ?
1	but the last three times the staff has been awful .
0	horrible communication skills and customer service .
1	another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff !
0	i had the walnut crusted salmon sandwich and jordan had the reuben .
1	the front staff is very curt and short .
0	i 've never posted a yelp review before .
1	very bad service , rude staff , no customer delight .
0	_num_ .
1	staff was overwhelmed , they tried , but to no avail .
0	filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
1	staff definitely are really rude .
0	totally not worth it , unless you just go for the fries and drinks .
1	no vegetarian options , and staff always too busy and not personable .
0	much closer to bland than anything .
1	plus , the ratio of staff to customers is too low .
0	there is no excuse .
1	staff friendly and all but the place looks dirty .
0	put the tires in my basement , no problem .
1	trashy , nasty and extremely rude staff .
0	do n't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes .
1	the staff called the cops who are apparently there but not doing anything .
0	way too much hype for such underwhelming food .
1	surly staff that was never at the desk .
0	days old , cold , hard , inedible .
1	the staff would not know i had once asked for that room .
0	after they microwaved it it was barely fit to eat .
1	terrible wait staff could n't even seat us .
0	so one month _num_ tech support calls later i got this information .
1	i interacted with staff to get help with a machine that was n't working .
0	they left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich !
1	all in all bad experience will never go back due to the rude staff .
0	we will not be going back .
1	big store , lots of seating and staff , filthy .
0	they have a salt problem .
1	terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
0	and the waitress did n't return until after we were done eating .
1	staff never in a hurry .
0	heck no !
1	the entire staff was rude .
0	in addition , the knowledge of the associate was lackluster .
1	they need to find new wait staff who are attentive and friendly !
0	this place needs to be closed - stay away !
1	customer service goes a long way and the morning staff were lacking .
0	seriously just do n't do it .
1	when i checked out , the front desk staff was missing .
0	the first half dragged .
1	the staff is unfriendly and rude .
0	not a lot of fat on them .
1	the cleaning staff kept leaving their cleaning supplies in my room .
0	i was absolutely horrified !
1	my biggest complaint though is the housekeeping staff .
0	you really seem to care about this restaurant 's reputation .
1	the staff at the downtown location tend to be rude .
0	i know some people have off days but this was bad .
1	the wait staff is slow and management has no clue .
0	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
1	did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates .
0	i also wish that i could provide them with zero stars .
1	the hotel staff itself was n't very welcoming .
0	i would n't use their services again if you paid me to .
1	wait staff did not come to ask if our steaks were cooked correctly .
0	this was a big mistake .
1	staffs are disrespectful and do n't want to help at all .
0	sub-par sushi .
1	staff were not as attentive as other restaurants .
0	i replied `` no , you never served me any . ''
1	very little apology from the staff about the horrible experience .
0	well this was our first attempt at this location and it was below expectations .
1	the manager should be fired as well as the entire staff .
0	i really do n't know how this place got any good reviews .
1	incredibly unfriendly staff , completely clueless consultant .
0	my main issue is that i did not receive what i paid for .
1	the front desk staff is the worst i 've ever encountered .
0	you could n't at lease have made it look like you did your jobs ?
1	not happy about the new staff .
0	we walked in and there were already some people waiting for a table .
1	some of the staff has been friendly in providing things , including shuttle rides .
0	worst tofu scramble ever .
1	will not come back until they change entire staff , other than bartender .
0	it was very awkward considering it was a first date .
1	staff was friendly and drinks were reasonable but nothing to rave about .
0	but the attitude of this place could be better .
1	also , the staff was fairly rude and all had chips on their shoulders .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	the staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order .
0	not much for atmosphere .
1	the wait staff were completely absent outside of delivering the food .
0	i literally walk past this subway _num_ times a week .
1	the staff is ghetto and rude and the food was horrible .
0	as chance would have it , the owner gary was around .
1	by far , the worst hotel staff experience i have ever had .
0	not going back .
1	staff was n't very friendly .
0	not at this location , at least .
1	when i checked in , the front desk staff was missing .
0	frankly ( haha ) , it did n't do anything for me .
1	staff very rude .
0	- kind of dead on a monday night with 3/4 of the place empty .
1	the other staff were horrible !
0	so many great bakeries in pittsburgh so i would not go back .
1	probably the rudest receptionist and office staff we have ever encountered .
0	our waitress did not seem very enthusiastic .
1	however i agree with the previous reviews that the staff are killing it .
0	i was unable to justify spending $ _num_ or $ _num_ for their membership .
1	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
0	no dice .
1	staff training is badly needed .
0	the dress comes in _num_ months later and is the wrong color .
1	very rude staff .
0	i went and told carmax and they said ford was lying .
1	plus , the staff is rude .
0	if it were up to me i would have never returned .
1	the wait staff did n't even acknowledge our party of _num_ .
0	absolutely horrible way to treat a customer when they were the ones in error .
1	i 've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff .
0	_num_ .
1	nothing wrong with the bowling alley , the staff just sucks .
0	the meatballs sub , my mother said was cold and undercooked .
1	the minus : the maintenance staff is always around .
0	Negative
1	the staff does n't seem to care .
0	we ai n't got no hashbrowns !
1	the service is not only poor , but the staff are rude .
0	terrible !
1	however , the wait staff and food is below average .
0	down the street is a better option - wish they were open for lunch .
1	they staff is friendly enough , but they are still a service biased company .
0	we just ignored this and ate the calamari , as is .
1	it 's slow , portions are smaller and the staff is terrible .
0	that is a lot for a less than adequate sandwhich .
1	to put it lightly ; the staff suck !
0	i can only believe it 's because there are no other deli 's downtown .
1	i guess the kitchen staff was very slow that evening .
0	it was $ _num_ a piece for my wife and i to get in .
1	the staff were n't friendly enough .
0	i ate less than half of the meal and left .
1	the location and staff gives off bad vibes .
0	you can usually count on them for cheap and fast food .
1	it is a cash only establishment and the staff was very rude .
0	pros : never a dull moment .
1	besides the staff being extremely unprofessional , the wait time is always long .
0	if you like casbah more power to you but for me never again .
1	the staff and customers are awful .
0	but , the fast part for this location has struggled for a while .
1	least professional staff i have ever seen .
0	no flavor .
1	i walked in sat down , greeted by friendly staff and great decor .
0	so gross .
1	actually all of the staff i encountered in my _num_ days here were great .
0	how were _num_ people in the _num_ seat restaurant and one small takeout order .
1	their staff is horribly rude that way .
0	we ordered an app and unfortunately this is where our problems began .
1	staff was not friendly .
0	no .
1	there were a handful of patrons ( certainly more staff than paying customers ) .
0	_num_ hour later it was completed .
1	the sales staff ( if you can call them that ) were complete snobs .
