0	the `` new '' rooms are terrible .
1	morning of the project start date and i have no workers at my home .
0	i dunno .
1	the customer service is awful just to start .
0	food is ok but horrible delivery service .
1	i 'm not even sure where to start .
0	got a full set and the exact same thing happened _num_ days later .
1	they said it would take another two hours to start work .
0	i was thinking this place might be like that .
1	do n't even get me started with their customer service , or lack of .
0	there is nothing chinese about the food !
1	after several awkward minutes i started to get up from the chair .
0	i had a bad experience at penn automotive .
1	i can not even start to tell you how horrible these scum bags are !
0	i never felt so ripped off .
1	i really do n't even know where to start with this place .
0	the service was terrible .
1	i started to call back and i asked myself `` why '' ?
0	then i had to pay them $ _num_ to get my suv back .
1	not very friendly to start .
0	nothing special here .
1	should n't you finish my car before starting work on a different car ?
0	i 've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff .
1	poorly handled from start to finish .
0	i 'd have to say it was no where near an awesome experience .
1	shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like .
0	terrible .
1	she cut me off every time i started to speak .
0	not a huge deal , but annoying since we asked them to do that .
1	_num_ employees hanging around the camera department as i started to look at options .
0	i am able to help move , i just could n't do it alone .
1	they started vacuuming by 9:30 and putting up chairs on tables .
0	hardly saw any of that today .
1	start looking around and the service and food is quite unremarkable .
0	ugh .
1	( if the gentleman would have started it i would understand ) .
0	interior could use an update .
1	my daughter 's drink order was wrong to start .
0	( no where on the contract does it state that ! )
1	the next week starts , still no call .
0	bored , bored , bored , bored , bored .
1	i would say from start to finish i was thoroughly not impressed .
0	the wifi signal is weak .
1	we started our meals with salads .
0	sausage was disgusting .
1	so i knew immediately when i started to get sick .
0	wo n't go back or recommend it .
1	the _num_ starts are just because the broccoli looks fresh .
0	the second was passable , but nothing special .
1	at 12:30 i get a message asking me if they could start at 2:00 .
0	( i believe it was $ _num_ total . )
1	i do n't even know where to start with this bad experience .
0	the pillows were appalling and there was no complimentary breakfast and no refrigerator .
1	it then took quite awhile for our dinners to start arriving .
0	i really do n't have much desire to go here !
1	he started off by saying `` just _num_ '' .
0	annoying ?
1	oh god , where do i start ?
0	the collards were authentic and would get them again .
1	dh had the short rib ravioli to start , and it was also bland .
0	luckily the waitress did not put up too much of a fight .
1	i started laughing and said she surely must be exaggerating .
0	there were n't even many toppings to make it soggy .
1	within twenty minutes i started to have symptoms and was sick for two days .
0	the folks on the phone are incredibly rude .
1	i figure with _num_ starts on yelp , it might be worth a try .
0	should have listened to my gut on this one .
1	let me start off by saying , i hate the dentist .
0	this is ridiculous .
1	yeah , this is before i started eating clean .
0	we 've had too many problems to list all of them .
1	the baby starts coming out : doctors runs in my room .
0	i ca n't even believe somebody would serve that .
1	im only giving _num_ start because i ca n't give _num_ .
0	careless workmanship is all you 'll find here .
1	my review is already biased from the start .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	i was just sent to the start of the _num_ menu again .
0	this is where i get a serious case of the sad .
1	i then start looking for a menu and there is none to be found .
0	hummus is ridiculously expensive .
1	started with the bathrooms ... rarely cleaned , rarely working .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	many of us waiting have started to laugh at how horrible this guy is .
0	i 'm not joking about the water .
1	she started off with a bad attitude that was quickly going to get worse .
0	my date 's bruschetta appetizer was bland .
1	worse , the food started to change in unpleasant ways .
0	i tried to steal a few of his fries , which were a failure .
1	man ... really bad from start to finish .
0	and the bathroom looks and smells like something out of the movie saw .
1	i would give him a _num_ start rating .
0	i have nothing good to say about this place .
1	it would n't start well when cold .
0	establishment was not busy at all , decided to seat ourselves at the bar .
1	i agreed and started to feel gross thinking about eating any more of it .
0	at this point they were open and would be for another hour .
1	ok , starting at the beginning .
0	none of the three ever tried to assist .
1	to start the mac and cheese was so off base .
0	it 's annoying , i get it .
1	we were sat and started looking at the menu but realized everything was breakfast .
0	so now i have a very sick kitten on my hands .
1	as i started to leave , i felt taken advantage of .
0	i went out with three others on a friday night to grab some dinner .
1	_num_ min later they started coming out , sort of .
0	Negative
1	things started poorly .
0	stringy , asian crab that was definitely pre-made .
1	they did n't even start looking at it until i was on my way .
0	so i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes to find someone to pay .
1	do n't be lazy staff - dump and start again .
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	he totally ignored me and started helping another customer .
0	there is such a thing as food too fast .
1	starting off , the pasta was over cooked .
0	i honestly have no clue !
1	watery gumbo started off our meals .
0	went to barnes and noble waterfront with _num_ books on my list .
1	let 's start with positives ...
0	terrible experience !
1	i had poor credit _num_ and needed to start over .
0	i would n't stay here again .
1	it started off right but then went downhill pretty fast .
0	will never return to any location !
1	it seem to be over before it started .
0	it was not even $ _num_ including se day shipping !
1	the food was slightly warm and got cold the minute i started eating .
0	super bad energy in this place .
1	start to finish , lunch took _num_ hours .
0	then _num_ mins to get our food !
1	then they started quickly going down hill .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	very messy and started to come off very quickly .
0	are u kidding me ?
1	the problems started when my first appointment was cancelled without my notice .
0	i 've never seen it somewhere stating they only take cash .
1	kids and even adults were so annoyed and started cutting lines .
0	one quote $ _num_ , another quote was $ _num_ .
1	service was horrible from the start .
0	you may even get a nasty look , yikes !
1	we started off with two appetizers : calamari and crab dip .
0	is it worth the $ _num_ cover on fridays ?
1	actually i do not even want to give one start for this place .
0	the service was horrible .
1	my pool was not clean from the day they started .
0	it 's happened everytime i go and it 's really unprofessional .
1	the rice was bland and noodles were starting to dry out .
0	_num_ .
1	also they started a trash service and they suck !
0	there were no pictures hung in the room to improve the appearance .
1	as far as i am concerned , wo n't start , its defective .
0	it is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager .
1	they just need a better starting product !
0	we booked this hotel to stay during an overnight layover in charlotte .
1	i 'm not even going to get started on my mani !
0	i usually get the steak salad which used to be good .
1	i start work at _num_ am .
0	disgusting .
1	if i could give this place _num_ starts i would .
0	oh , but wait until i got my bill !
1	it started off good when it first opened about _num_ years ago .
0	it was n't fresh at all .
1	the meal started with bread , olive oil , and cheese for the dipping .
0	even worse , no seasoning whatsoever .
1	not off to a good start .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	this whole business from start to finish lasted _num_ hours and was very upsetting .
0	i was unable to justify spending $ _num_ or $ _num_ for their membership .
1	do n't even get me started on the wife 's entree and soup !
0	rude .
1	that did n't really start things off well .
0	food is ok but the service is a thumb down .
1	if this happens again , may need to start looking for a new cleaner .
0	_num_ .
1	however , as time went on , the food quality slowly started to slip .
0	and the food itself certainly left a lot to be desired .
1	after starting out okay , it quickly went downhill .
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	honestly , it looked like someone had already starting eating this .
0	the only thing that made it somewhat decent was sour cream and guacamole .
1	we both started laughing at how horrible everything had been .
0	it looked like baked chicken that was dried out .
1	by far the worst way to start off .
0	that 's sort of disappointing but still fine .
1	the front desk is defensive and rude from the start .
0	the bathroom smells , the menus seem filthy , but i like the food !
1	after a noticeable drop in quality , i started ordering elsewhere .
0	wait , ceasar salad was ok !
1	i called an hour later and they had not even started to cook !
0	'
1	so from that day forward , i started to patronize them less .
0	i will not order from this place again .
1	she went ahead started to cut my bang after looking at it .
0	i was expecting something stellar , and i feel rather let down .
1	i 'm starting to regret i even considered calling this apt my home .
0	they gave me a nice receipt .
1	we had the pretzels to start , which were really good .
0	the food is not that great .
1	so unprofessional from start to finish , literally a grade school level practice .
0	terrible wait staff could n't even seat us .
1	unacceptable level of service from start to finish .
0	excuse given was understaffed but when you are not busy it does n't fly .
1	i was told another _num_ mins to get it started .
0	at times we could barely hear ourselves think , let alone hear each other .
1	i only have _num_ start because i cant give zero .
0	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
1	water glass was refilled promptly the one time it was starting to look empty .
0	their ginger dressing is unbelievable .
1	they did n't even start making it till i got here .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	he started yelling at me and ran to his car and took off .
0	saturdays there is a cover for the dj which was $ _num_ .
1	the service : our server started off well but went downhill fast .
0	this was not the case .
1	my first visit here though , things started happening that sent red warning messages .
0	i also ordered a bowl of chili which was too spicy for me .
1	so that was a strange start .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	the salesperson walked away and proceed to start helping other customers .
0	let 's add up those dollars , shall we , time warner ?
1	this is where the trouble starts .
0	the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful .
1	i started referring other people here but i will stop the referrals immediately .
0	was n't impressed by their sunday brunch .
1	well , got off to a bad start .
0	but my room is outdated and smells like there has been a massive leak .
1	but after 20-30 min of waiting , i started to get pissed .
0	same guy , same attitude .
1	when i started it was decent , now it is terrible .
0	our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
1	then the nightmare was to start .
0	there are fruit flies hovering around our table too .
1	it is typically bands just starting out , not established valley bands .
0	seriously lady , you 're not a morning person .
1	_num_ mins to start ordering .
0	_num_ .
1	i do n't even know where to start !
0	price is not bad .
1	i started with the crab cake , which i did not care for .
0	worse than store freezer pizza .
1	the management needs to start training better here .
0	disappointing .
1	i started crying in the chair and my hair fell to the floor .
0	vietnamese beef noodles were bland and flavorless .
1	and started do even worse .
0	i asked for an estimated wait time , not how many appointments there are .
1	this was a bad experience from the start .
0	otherwise , it would have been a _num_ or _num_ .
1	fire your entire kitchen staff and start over , or just stop serving food .
0	at eat n ' park , free cookies are a staple .
1	if i could give them zero starts i would .
0	i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
1	i do n't know where to start .
0	the pasta dish would have been very good had it been seasoned enough .
1	then a few staffing changes , and things started going downhill .
0	i chose poorly .
1	then things started going downhill .
0	so highly disappointed with my pho experience .
1	i 'm not even sure where to start with the complaints !
0	i do n't have time for this , i 'm very busy '' .
1	starting right off they were rude talking about us while doing our pedicures .
0	she apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables .
1	do n't even get me started about the geek joke at these locations .
0	salmon salad was not good at all .
1	bad really bad start .
0	benihana is not worth your time or money .
1	i was so worried and started crying in his office .
0	disappointed !
1	it 's just started to get ridiculous .
0	i was rear ended at a stop sign , was n't my fault .
1	anyway , appointment starts and we go into separate room .
0	support local businesses , but make sure they are deserving of your money !
1	and do n't get me started on the decor .
0	maybe my expectations were just too high , i do n't know .
1	she just starts talking over me .
0	ordered _num_ dishes , all pretty average .
1	one lady started working on her while i proceeded to wait another _num_ minutes .
0	was waiting for my check about _num_ minutes .
1	day _num_ of a _num_ day vacation one of the motors would not start .
0	my house made chips were good & cole slaw had very little flavor .
1	then from out of nowhere the stylists son starts going off the handle .
0	the first time we were there almost _num_ hours .
1	i had a small side salad to start which the waiter described as greek .
0	i just had the worst meal ever here .
1	this dish started off a disaster and just got worse .
0	it 's a little annoying .
1	around _num_ i started seeing dr. price .
0	we went on a sunday and i expected a wait , which was fine .
1	the place is also starting to look tired and worn .
0	the customer service here is horrible .
1	she started yelling at my husband and me in front of another customer .
0	for our main dish , we got the large order of spicy chicken rigatoni .
1	watched _num_ employees talk about nothing before that even started .
0	this last experience was by far the most disappointing .
1	there , i guess that 's as good a start as any .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	when i started to eat , it tasted just as odd .
0	do not stay here .
1	then told me it probably did n't start because it was sitting so long .
0	and then it was only because we flagged someone down .
1	to start with , service was far too leisurely .
0	he did nothing to compensate us for the long wait .
1	the woman who started doing my nails seriously would n't listen .
0	the internet is so slow it is not functional for basic email .
1	let 's start with having a _num_ sanitation rating .
0	husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce .
1	but starting 2-3 years ago the food went downhill .
0	neither of us were impressed .
1	i can see why this restaurant has three start rating .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ items is crazy !
1	my husband waited another _num_ minutes before a technician even started with him .
0	sorry , bummer .
1	then , i started having performance problems with my tires .
0	just not worth it .
1	i do n't even know where to start with this horrible place !
0	pedicure 's are overpriced and they do basically nothing .
1	this is where i started kicking myself for not washing my own car .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	_num_ minutes later no one had come over to start my pedicure .
0	a pulled pork appetizer was passable , nowhere near the dish it replaced .
1	the crew starts closing at _num_ when they close _num_ to _num_ .
0	you 'll save $ $ , time , and frustration !
1	i promised myself no more meat except fish starting new years .
0	the place is rather run down .
1	the food started off pretty well .
0	horrible food .
1	they then informed me that they had n't even started making my order yet !
0	the biggest problem i had though was the paper thin walls .
1	i just started laughing , i was sure this entire night was a joke .
0	she had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for _num_ years .
1	the experience started out lousy .
0	the restaurant is so small and they have a problem with managing customers .
1	so this first experience started off with a huge cockroach in the bathroom .
0	disappointed .
1	anyway , we went on to order and started off with an appetizer .
0	but going here is always such a nightmare .
1	one week after the warranty expired the leather started splitting .
0	try $ _num_ , for real .
1	about half way through my stomach started crying for help .
0	then again , we were in pittsburgh , so it 's a given .
1	evening started pretty badly and did not get much better .
0	just do n't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds .
1	terrible way to start my vacation !
0	it was over $ _num_ thrown in the trash .
1	i looked ridiculous when it started to grow back too .
0	it was still dripping with grease .
1	the older woman who started to serve me was not very nice at all .
0	i would hate to lose this place !
1	this is where they get _num_ starts .
0	for some odd reason , local aaa offices dont post their phone number online ?
1	he cut my cuticles so low they started bleeding .
0	rude .
1	everything else started during the _num_ o'clock hour .
0	thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back .
1	this is where the bad experiences started .
0	no concierge .
1	the veal ... do n't get us started .
0	times , and it still is not resolved .
1	to start we were instantly greeted and the place looked clean .
0	we 've been going through the same problems for years now .
1	so she starts to push buttons and has a little attitude about it .
0	rude .
1	they were waiting for the show to start and know how limited seating is .
0	they told me it was it was because i was booking with the owner .
1	i was scheduled to bring my car in but it would not start .
0	i will not go again .
1	the hotel is starting to look warn and needs investment .
0	it was clean , but nothing to note otherwise .
1	thank you ulta for a horrible start to my birthday weekend .
0	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
1	my order started off with a broken ordering speaker .
0	i was pretty disappointed with this place .
1	this is where the experience started that left a bad taste in my mouth .
0	the inside was maybe worse , trash and dirty .
1	from start to finish , this was a miserable experience .
0	she thought the potato side was just so-so .
1	i 'd give it _num_ starts but thats not an option .
0	quality is poor .
1	they start you off with chips and salsa .
0	the service was mediocre .
1	the point is , that when i went there , they started from scratch .
0	i try calling bj 's and wait over _num_ minutes on hold .
1	i guess if i had just started going there i would rate it higher .
0	it was annoying fighting the crowds to look at the certain cars .
1	to start off when we walked in the place reeked of piss .
0	might have been a stomach bug but it is kind of strange .
1	started off great and ended very poorly .
0	they tried to charge me $ _num_ for _num_ hours of labor .
1	it did n't start well .
0	take the extra _num_ minutes to drive to the south hills location .
1	the breakfast experience started with two coffees and two waters .
0	so i know it 's an off the shelf thing .
1	called this store sunday after my car would not start .
0	it was very disappointing .
1	with that being said let 's start off on a positive note .
0	every time i have ever gone , the service is awful .
1	to start , the hostess ' were not very welcoming when we walked in .
0	i would n't recommend richard or the salon to anyone .
1	i started with a cup of their wonton soup .
