0	service here on a saturday night was atrocious .
1	we only stayed one night and went back home .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	overall - do not ever stay here if you can avoid it .
0	took _num_ minutes before someone came to take our drink order .
1	we stayed for four nights and got minimal cleaning service in our room .
0	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
1	worst red roof inn i have ever stayed in .
0	with all of the fabulous choices in the south hills , pick another destination .
1	the spot we stayed in was quite long , and very level .
0	i miss the old owner of the place .
1	stay away from time warner .
0	the food was bad , yo .
1	my stay here was horrible .
0	this represents a real problem for the city .
1	i will not be staying at this location again .
0	just plain gross .
1	stay away from sales person kevin .
0	just not worth it .
1	for a few bucks more i could have stayed at the hyatt or something .
0	the service was ok , not the best not the worst .
1	if not , stay away .
0	_num_ .
1	i would n't stay there again for what it cost .
0	but it was n't over .
1	i would never stay in this hotel again .
0	some good some bad .
1	definitely not staying there again .
0	i do n't get it .
1	i would not stay here again if i ever go back to phoenix .
0	needless to say , this completely ruined my meal .
1	the room i stayed in was old and run down .
0	food was dry and the sauces were watery .
1	was too tired to care at that point so we stayed .
0	it was humongous but not that tasty , pretty dry .
1	needless to say , we did not stay .
0	bland and awful .
1	i recently stayed here through priceline .
0	never going back .
1	had we just stayed on the market side it would be fine .
0	how far we have fallen .
1	would n't they want you to stay and spend money on their property ?
0	from the other reviews it seems i did n't miss anything .
1	this could be an awesome place to stay .
0	went a few times and the last visit made me sick .
1	the room smell made the stay uncomfortable .
0	oh whole foods , you are so so very overpriced .
1	made a one night stay $ _num_ .
0	based on this one experience , i would come only for the pancakes .
1	if i want that crap , i 'll stay home and cook it myself .
0	why does pittsburgh have to be so weird ?
1	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
0	the crab cakes were so disgusting my husband and i had to switch meals .
1	next time i would stay at a nearby hotel from a national chain .
0	two basic rolls and miso soup for $ _num_ .
1	we could n't stay and wait one more hour until they serve dinner .
0	maybe i just ordered the wrong thing on the wrong day .
1	stay away , there 's nothing here to see .
0	o my pittsburgh pirates .
1	this is the worst place i 've ever stayed in my life .
0	average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
1	we wo n't be staying there again .
0	he did not look us in the eye and was just overall awkward .
1	stay away !
0	after getting my `` window '' they never showed up .
1	i should have just stayed another hotel and paid out of pocket .
0	this place seems to have gone downhill since last time .
1	my stay was on feb _num_ , _num_ .
0	overall , the experience was horrible .
1	i stayed here with my fiance for a night a couple of saturdays ago .
0	every thing about this place is wrong .
1	i do n't know how this place stays in business .
0	very poor service .
1	so , we had no other place to stay .
0	they also have fake sales .
1	stay away from them like the plague if possible .
0	nothing special .
1	i would n't stay here again .
0	was served freezing cold enchiladas and pizza .
1	stayed on hold for _num_ mins trying to change an order .
0	it was a mess .
1	i really was n't impressed and i would n't stay there again .
0	no one was uptown and the place was completely empty .
1	my sleep and stay was ruined .
0	a bit confusing layout , but tastefully done .
1	will not be staying here again .
0	do n't do it !
1	however , the layout and design should have probably stayed in the _num_ 's .
0	i only gave it _num_ stars because i liked my mac and cheese .
1	i would never stay here again .
0	service was fast , but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing .
1	stay far away from this place .
0	by this point we 've been waiting for _num_ minutes .
1	i have no picture to add because the waitress did n't let us stay .
0	worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
1	the chicken stays were microwaved .
0	another waste of time , wait until people my age get old .
1	nobody tried to even convince us to stay .
0	worse nail salon i 've ever experienced .
1	frankly i do n't know how this one stays in business .
0	half of the floors do n't have vending machines .
1	worst hotel i have yet to stay in as a consultant .
0	the service was bad and unfortunately the haircut was even worse .
1	pay the extra dollar or _num_ per day and stay away .
0	greasy and the batter was peeling off .
1	he thought they would `` stay too long '' .
0	but it 's not well maintained .
1	my air conditioning broke down a total of four times my stay here .
0	not edible .
1	if you have a pet , go stay at a super _num_ .
0	this family of _num_ wo n't be visiting china sea ever again .
1	spend a few dollars more and stay away .
0	which the bench under the tv is an absolutely terrible idea !
1	this was the worst hotel that i ever stayed in .
0	not even close .
1	do not stay here .
0	later they apologize for the error .
1	ok for _num_ night stay .
0	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
1	i would not stay here , it 's not worth the money they charge .
0	this beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold .
1	this marriott would not be a good property for a long stay .
0	why would you not just get our drinks ?
1	do n't stay here if a good night 's sleep is your goal .
0	how can a seafood place serve terrible seafood ?
1	the check-in desk was super slow during my stay there .
0	otherwise , i do n't think i 'll order from there again .
1	i really would not recommend staying here unless there was nothing else available .
0	typical fast chinese food .
1	stay away unless you have extra money for cold food and bad service .
0	service was ok but occasionally inattentive .
1	i 'll stay elsewhere next time i 'm in town .
0	i really would n't go back again .
1	i however made the mistake of staying .
0	after _num_ minutes he never returned .
1	this place is the worst motel i have ever stayed .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	it stayed there for about _num_ minutes before i was called to the counter .
0	i can send it to marriott if requested . )
1	since we were staying one night , this was a major disappointment .
0	it was that bad .
1	do n't stay here there are better places in urbana .
0	do n't even get me started .
1	the most gross place i 've ever stayed .
0	the toppings on my salad were barely there .
1	stay away from this hooters .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	if this is personalized service , i 'd rather stay at a motel .
0	needless to say ... i will never go there again !
1	i was not satisfied with my stay .
0	otherwise , it stinks .
1	we stayed at the shadyside inn for months and spent thousands of dollars .
0	did n't seem handmade or anything like that .
1	i only stayed one night and was charged twice .
0	asked to have it reheated , still came back cold .
1	i did n't see many family during our stay !
0	the character of the place was great but could use a little tlc .
1	unfortunately , this is the worst hotel that i 've ever stayed in .
0	avoid this location .
1	but we drove a long way and needed a place to stay in charlotte .
0	so disappointed !
1	i would not stay here again .
0	followed with an arrogant face !
1	we will not be staying there again .
0	disgusting phone etiquette and completely appalling .
1	honestly , do n't stay here unless every other hotel is booked .
0	despite pointing out the problem , she never did do anything about that .
1	i was forced to stay a night here and it was so disgusting !
0	that 's total bullshit .
1	and my photographer stayed to take pics with my ring .
0	for appetizer , we had the kimchi pancakes , which were not fully cooked .
1	we only stayed one night .
0	they do n't even have a restroom for customers !
1	i stayed at the hilton garden inn the friday night before my wedding .
0	receive my check to find out it was all full price .
1	really , it was a fine place to stay for the ridiculously low rate .
0	my girlfriend had a similarly bland meal .
1	i did like that the almonds stayed crispy even through shipping .
0	in a word : forgettable .
1	my final piece of advice , wear comfortable shoes and stay alert .
0	what a disgrace to the marriott name .
1	only stay here if you are _num_ .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	but it 's not good for longer stays or repeat visits .
0	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
1	having read the reviews , i knew to stay away from the brisket .
0	the wedding soup was the worst i have ever had .
1	stay away and tell your friends to not support this shop .
0	he did the total opposite .
1	i stayed here hoping for something better than the motel _num_ down the road .
0	basically the whole experience was pure torture , which is disappointing .
1	thank goodness i was staying on the first floor with my disabled mother .
0	the restaurant was worse for breakfast .
1	otherwise , i will never stay at this place .
0	and when the dessert came it was ice cold and solid as a rock .
1	it 's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable .
0	as for the atmosphere , not a big deal for me .
1	just stayed here for one night and it was passable .
0	i want you to know i 'm not just an `` angry customer '' .
1	we stayed here for _num_ nights this weekend .
0	all working hard , but covering too many tables .
1	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
0	honestly , it 's probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	i advise everyone to stay away from this scam company .
0	Very negative
1	would not stay there again and would not recommend it to you .
0	Neutral
1	stayed on a business trip seeking to save money on the nightly rate .
0	unless you have no other choice do not shop here .
1	unfortunately , a charlotte main stay has worn out the welcome pad .
0	she talked to the computer screen instead of to my face .
1	it is the worst room i have ever stayed in ever .
0	unfortunately , this is the only game in town .
1	the drinks were decent ... but nothing to make me stay there .
0	i got home and no extra sides .
1	i will not be staying here again .
0	nothing to talk about .
1	i 've stayed at motel _num_ that are way better than this !
0	_num_ .
1	horrible stay .
0	i was quickly greeted by paul - who was great !
1	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
0	this place sucks .
1	this place needs to be closed - stay away !
0	i am a ten minute drive from this location .
1	my mom and i stayed here for _num_ nights .
0	the food could have come from a buffet and been better .
1	will not stay here again !
0	i have been here a couple of times and it does n't change .
1	do not stay st this hotel .
0	the menu was pretty random and everything we tried was really average .
1	i really do n't know how this place stays open .
0	i was disappointed .
1	this is by far the worst motel _num_ i 've ever stayed in .
0	should n't be too hard of a task , yeah ?
1	i do not see how they have stayed in business for so many years .
0	terrible crab bisque .
1	i do n't know how this place has stayed in business for so long .
0	it was n't edible .
1	we stayed here one night .
0	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
1	needless to say , we did n't stay to eat and went elsewhere .
0	the potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall .
1	update ... shadyside inn refunded the charges from our stay .
0	even though the groupon included menu items , they do n't have a kitchen .
1	stay away from this place period , especially if you 're a veteran .
0	somewhat disappointed would best be the title for my review .
1	i would stay away from these shady dealers .
0	the guy who processed our registration was patronizing and slow .
1	water glasses stayed empty for almost _num_ minutes !
0	i 'm just not that excited for my lunch .
1	i stayed at this hotel for a conference and it was terrible !
0	rude .
1	you have been warned ... stay away !
0	_num_ mins later we get our refills .
1	like two weeks ago when i stayed here for three days ?
0	simply awful .
1	cant see it staying open too long .
0	and each time i 've gone , my haircut has been ... .
1	you 're not doing as any favors by staying here .
0	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
1	i 'd stay away from this garden like the plague , though .
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	stayed at the hotel and booked two massages .
0	it 's also really expensive .
1	smallest bathroom ever for a hotel i 've stayed in .
0	_num_ .
1	we were staying in madison and drove over _num_ minutes to get here .
0	either way , i am not going back to find out .
1	next time your country ass needs to stay home from work .
0	i will avoid this one at the waterfront for awhile .
1	security checks are here to stay , do something about it .
0	went here a night during final four ( basket ball ) .
1	please do not stay here .
0	avoid !
1	do not stay here if you have a choice .
0	the prime rib , ordered rare , was medium , dry and extremely salty .
1	when i checked out , no one asked me how my stay was .
0	i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
1	by far the worst place i stayed when i drove across the country .
0	they were returned to me a full size smaller than i dropped them off .
1	this should tell you it is not ok to stay there !
0	their food is pretty much like their beers , forgettable .
1	clearly she had a nasty cold and should 've stayed home that day !
0	tables are often dirty .
1	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
0	wo n't be coming back after this visit .
1	so , obviously will not be staying there on future visits to charlotte .
0	no , but you know that better is out there .
1	stay away from this restaurant until they fix their issues .
0	_num_ .
1	made a reservation through hotels.com for $ _num_ for one night stay .
0	the burger was just a big slab of flavorless ground beef .
1	i stay _num_ blocks away from harris grill .
0	thai gourmet a few blocks down is awesome ... too bad they were closed .
1	i would not recommend staying !
0	i do n't know if i can ever return to buca .
1	i would stay at a days inn again , but definitely not this one .
0	turns out they do n't have mixed vegetables which is on the menu .
1	i visit phoenix frequently and this is my first stay at this location .
0	i probably wo n't be back ever again .
1	we stayed only one night here .
0	i waited two hours today in the freezing cold to get to work .
1	so , do n't stay here if you have options .
0	and the garlic wings did n't taste like garlic .
1	i would n't stay here again if you paid me .
0	entrees were half off but all looked mediocre .
1	one of the worse hotels i have stayed at in a long time .
0	three strikes jackson 's , you wo n't see me again .
1	this was my second time staying at this hotel with the same problem .
0	i was a customer for approx _num_ yrs .
1	the worst hotel i 've stayed in , in my entire life .
0	otherwise , it would have been pretty good .
1	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
0	i 'm so disappointed .
1	do n't stay here .
0	instead of caramelized onions , they added raw onions .
1	ive stayed here about _num_ times over the past 4-5 years .
0	no flavor , soggy french fries , over sauces wings .
1	if you like horseradish go for it , if not stay away .
0	i 'm not even sure they bothered to cook that .
1	hard to believe how they stay in business .
0	the entire bag was a soggy mess .
1	this is not the place to stay for a weekend get away .
0	he did not seem to be too enthusiastic with his job .
1	not planning to come back and recommend everyone to stay away from this place .
0	yeah , i 'm not coming here anymore .
1	manager did not even offer to comp my _num_ hour stay either !
0	its owner , gary , enjoys parking in handicapped parking spaces .
1	worst hotel i 've stayed at in years .
0	he also made a mistake that required fixing after the fact .
1	just do n't eat here stay away avoid at all cost !
0	long lines , overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait .
1	i 've been staying here over a month due to my job .
0	i wo n't be ordering from ron 's again , despite the inexpensive menu .
1	nothing seems to stay there for long .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	never again stay away from this place !
0	had lobster bisque soup not to good .
1	stay away from this group of companies .
0	because you could n't fit me in within a day i get screwed ?
1	stay away from these money hungry thieves !
0	too bad .
1	do n't try to stay when the experience is that bad .
0	absolute worst experience at a nail salon .
1	you better off staying in a roach motel .
0	oh , and the grocery store wine was way over priced .
1	this place as reopened and should have stayed closed .
0	anyway , we sip our disappointing drinks and decide to order an appetizer .
1	by all that is holy , do not stay here .
0	she slowly responded `` yeah '' hardly looking up .
1	we will not be staying here again .
0	such a waste of time .
1	if my company had n't prepaid for the stay , i would have left .
0	for the main course , i selected the gnocchi and grilled sausage .
1	stay away and never look back .
0	this restaurant is so gross and it 's dirty .
1	needless to say , i would n't stay here again if you paid me .
0	i do n't care how many awards they have hanging on they wall .
1	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
0	for $ _num_ i expected so expected something a lot better .
1	otherwise , i would suggest staying far , far away !
0	it really feels like a total lack of effort , honesty and professionalism .
1	we will not stay at this hotel again .
0	the portions are way too small and not good at all .
1	stay away unless you 're just buying tires !
0	horrible service and food .
1	my hubby called to say he could n't stay there .
0	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
1	my picture sums up staying at this particular micro inn .
0	rude .
1	my family of _num_ is staying here while our house is being worked on .
0	so i was appalled by a lousy not fresh dirty salad !
1	i should have stayed home and made pizza myself .
0	i put up with the rude employees and dirty store because of this .
1	my problem is that the hotel double charged me for my stay .
0	the place smells awful and the workers are grumpy .
1	do n't stay here , save your money .
0	i think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside .
1	staying in tempe but made the short trip into phoenix specifically to go here .
0	thanks , but no .
1	we still stayed because i insisted on applebee 's .
0	delivery time was unimpressive .
1	if we were to stay in uptown again we would stay elsewhere .
0	needless to say , i will never return to this restaurant .
1	linda b august _num_ will never stay again !
0	and it was very annoying !
1	i stayed here for a week .
0	it was neither busy nor a late hour for lunch .
1	stay away , there are many better options downtown .
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	i wish i 'd read these reviews before deciding to stay here .
0	the terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago ?
1	i booked this hotel stay for a business ( military ) event .
0	i could taste absolutely nothing from her veal .
1	stay elsewhere if you have a choice .
0	this place is one of only a couple open in the burgh _num_ hours .
1	i would stay away from there drink specials .
0	i wish i could give a no star review for this location .
1	we have stayed in westin hotels all over the country .
