0	but the last three times the staff has been awful .
1	but one is supposed to come here for steak .
0	very disappointed .
1	the steak that my brother in law had was very large and cooked properly .
0	i would give our experience zero stars .
1	$ _num_ for _num_ '' italian and $ _num_ for _num_ '' mushroom steak .
0	it took about _num_ minutes , minimum , to get our first drinks .
1	the italian and mushroom steak hoagies were n't that great .
0	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
1	ordered steak and waiter did n't ask how wanted it done .
0	the food came out quickly enough .
1	the menu is basically two choices : steak or chicken .
0	my room came with an awesome jacuzzi .
1	this used to be my favorite steak house in charlotte .
0	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
1	we ordered steak of course , with garlic potatoes and some veggies .
0	our hibachi chef was absolutely horrible !
1	literally the worst steak i 've had in a year or two .
0	throughout the entire order , we got nothing but attitude .
1	the steak was horrible tough , is it always like that ?
0	_num_ .
1	$ _num_ for a small steak ?
0	the service , in my opinion , is often quite rude .
1	unfortunately , the worst part of my meal were the steaks .
0	the room i stayed in was old and run down .
1	my steak and cheese was n't even hot enough to melt the cheese .
0	ugh if i could give this place _num_ stars i would .
1	steak was not cooked properly .
0	our waitress carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude .
1	the food was mainly cold and the steak fajitas were rubbery .
0	and they are rude .
1	the steak was tough and tasteless .
0	the inside of the resturant is cramped and poorly maintained .
1	my steak was rather bland .
0	no ketchup ?
1	ordered the chili on top of the chicken fried steak .
0	limited menu .
1	steak is probably better in the desert .
0	horrible .
1	the steak was full of gristle and had no flavor .
0	could someone have asked us if we wanted a drink ?
1	soggy chips with a good steak .
0	but this was our first visit , and we wo n't be back .
1	it did n't melt in my mouth either like texas roadhouse 's steaks .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	simply put , the steak in my burrito bowl was grossly undercooked .
0	they do n't know how to do business .
1	changed too seem to be the quality of the steaks .
0	if i could give the place zero stars , i would .
1	i 've worked at steak n shake before .
0	we can not , therefore , understand the rave reviews .
1	i ordered a steak and cheese hoagie and it arrived in a burnt bun .
0	it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
1	steak overdone , rice dry and overdone , poor service .
0	i was really disappointed with this visit .
1	my steak tonight was small in size and one third of it was gristle .
0	i was sadly mistaken .
1	save your money if you want mediocre steak - go to texas roadhouse .
0	i felt bad just ordering free beer so i ordered a sandwich .
1	her steak was over cooked and dry .
0	every thing about this place is wrong .
1	i could make a better steak when i was _num_ .
0	$ _num_ bill and it was n't good at all !
1	rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders .
0	it is just disgusting .
1	their cheese steak sandwich was terrible .
0	worst mcdonalds !
1	not a good sign if you ca n't cook steaks at the right temperature .
0	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
1	they also have steaks and chicken dishes , but why bother ?
0	needless to say we will never go there again .
1	tasted like they just boiled the steak in water and served it to us .
0	the bathroom was gross .
1	two of our four steaks were grossly overcooked and had to be sent back .
0	just my experience , but come on people , really ?
1	we also ordered the steak lettuce wrap which was gross too .
0	will not be returning .
1	the steak was supposed to be medium ; instead it came well done .
0	our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
1	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
0	so why do they get _num_ stars instead of just _num_ ?
1	this was not a good steak .
0	i had no disclosure of this whatsoever when i signed my lease .
1	there are plenty of other better places to go for steak .
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	horrible service ... my husband 's steak came to the table raw !
0	seriously , all the people here have major attitude problems and need an adjustment .
1	my husband was very dissapointed in the steak and regretted eating it .
0	very disappointed with this place .
1	the salads i bought had very little lettuce and the steak was dry .
0	i 've never sent back food , ever , but this was ridiculous .
1	we ordered fried catfish , fried chicken and country fried steak .
0	the sushi was not fresh .
1	go for the top tier steak ... steer clear of apps .
0	i could n't even pick them up .
1	at this price point , i can think of several much better steak houses !
0	no tofu , no seasoning or sauce .
1	i really did n't care for the breakfast steak biscuits .
0	_num_ of us plus drinks was $ _num_ .
1	further , there did n't seem to be any seasoning on the steak .
0	unfortunately the food did not come close to my expectations .
1	you can tell they use cheap steak and lobster .
0	this was n't the cleanest place .
1	we love japanese steak houses and this was our least favorite meal in pittsburgh .
0	but waited over _num_ minutes for them to take our order .
1	one of the worst steak sandwiches i 've ever eaten .
0	but it was nothing special .
1	they cooked the steak longer but you ca n't get away from gristle .
0	too bad after all these prior good reviews .
1	and for a $ _num_ steak , it should have knocked my socks off .
0	appetizers : nothing really wrong here .
1	steak 'n kidney pie = where was the kidney ?
0	_num_ after tip .
1	which is sad when it 's suppose to compliment the steak .
0	you can definitely get better vietnamese elsewhere in the city .
1	this is a horrible steak and shake !
0	same guy , same attitude .
1	i paid almost $ _num_ for my steak sandwich .
0	it begins with no signs saying where the hotel is at .
1	another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff !
0	he ate it and did n't complain ... .
1	the steaks had no flavor and were chewy .
0	appalling !
1	i ordered the steak kabobs with roasted vegetables and potatoes .
0	please do not patronize this business .
1	the steaks are ok , but thin for the price and always overcooked .
0	service was horrible !
1	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
0	i was greatly disappointed by this restaurant .
1	tried their philly cheese steak .
0	this is on a weekend ( saturday night - sunday morning ) .
1	the pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible .
0	service was indifferent , at best .
1	uncle sam 's cheese steaks are great ... but do n't try anything else .
0	for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags !
1	eating the steak is not a pleasant or satisfying experience .
0	soups could have been a bit more full in the cups .
1	sadly no other steak cut options .
0	first place i went on my visit to pittsburgh .
1	i think steak 'n shake is just not my style .
0	the salad has been greatly reduced in size .
1	i ordered the flat iron steak and eggs .
0	the menu said nothing about that , so i had no idea .
1	im not a big fan of the steaks from here .
0	she kept answering the phone even though others were there .
1	do not order steak or prime rib here .
0	the bread was not fresh either .
1	again , steak is not supposed to be chewy .
0	i spent $ _num_ for only one edible thing worth $ _num_ .
1	i could n't believe they tried to pass that off as a steak .
0	i dunno .
1	my steak hoagie was actually two mini sandwiches .
0	hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain .
1	i like good chicken fried steak , but this was n't it .
0	overall , this joint was not that great .
1	unfortunately the steak tips and eggs that i ordered for dinner were foul .
0	)
1	their chicken fried steak was bland as was their gravy and mashed potatoes !
0	linda did not call .
1	second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious .
0	what a huge disappointment .
1	i ordered the teriyaki steak and it had zero teriyaki flavor .
0	not really impressed .
1	had caesar salad w flat iron steak .
0	once again we leave this place unhappy and dissatisfied .
1	and for a steakhouse that was some lame steak .
0	the noodles were very bland and almost chewy .
1	steak was below average and service was lacking .
0	very very slow service and no authenticity in the meals .
1	the breakfast is especially good with the chicken fried steak being my personal favorite .
0	the worst part , though , is the service .
1	i would probably think twice about going back for the steak and cheese sandwich !
0	horrible experience more than once .
1	i also ordered a steak and cheese sub toasted .
0	i am giving it _num_ stars only because the manager was nice .
1	we ordered a large steak stromboli with extra cheese through grub hub .
0	i lost out because the requested work was n't done .
1	his steak tasted like hamburger meat and my fries were cold .
0	service gets _num_ stars and food gets _num_ stars .
1	_num_ times worse than the steak .
0	sorry that i did n't feel like waiting for three other customers .
1	the steaks themselves could 've used a bit of salt and pepper .
0	when make turns , there is noise from front wheel .
1	my bf got the steak with battered shrimp .
0	not only was it disgusting , but it cost us about $ _num_ .
1	words can not describe just how wonderful the lamb and the steak were .
0	_num_ .
1	the steaks are n't hot .
0	store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair .
1	the steak had no flavor and was just covered in butter .
0	+ _num_ star because they are finally installing air conditioning .
1	_num_ caesar salad with flank steak and another caesar salad with shrimps !
0	Positive
1	i expect more from professional chefs than chicken sandwiches and steaks .
0	not very tasty .
1	maybe i should have got the chicken fried steak .
0	sushi might be good , but i do n't eat sushi .
1	do n't get the salmon or tuna steak .
0	_num_ .
1	it felt like a chicken fried steak .
0	time warner cable is awful .
1	dry aged steak ?
0	i was originally told it would take _num_ mins .
1	the ribeye steak is low quality meat .
0	we tried to nap but simply could n't .
1	steak for _num_ and was told _num_ to _num_ minutes for pickup .
0	to any new potential new customer out there , please be warned .
1	i however , ordered the steak and cheese pita and was extremely disappointed .
0	shockingly bad .
1	the chicken fried steak had no real taste at all .
0	do n't waste your time eating here .
1	did n't much like the steak , and the fries were terrible .
0	the food was awful .
1	even the cooks messed up the steak order at the table next to us .
0	the service was sub-par on a friday night .
1	the steak was served on top of the overly buttered mash potatoes .
0	if i could leave a lower rating , i would .
1	a lot of veggies very little steak or chicken .
0	many people told me to go here and i was totally disappointed !
1	two types of fish , steaks , pork chop , saffron pasta .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	no excuse for an overcooked steak ever , and all ordered medium rare .
0	if you 're desperate for chinese , get it to go .
1	- lots of food choices ... burgers ... steak ... chicken ... salads .
0	food is mediocre at best !
1	i got there just to try the new triple steak sandwich .
0	the pittsburgh auto show was held at the david l. convention center .
1	i asked for the best steak available and it was horrible .
0	i ordered it without lettuce , tomato , onions , or dressing .
1	no one could finish their steaks either .
0	the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
1	there was n't a good steak flavor as i 'd expect from a restaurant .
0	the owner called me to apologize .
1	steak was under cook .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
1	the steak that is almost tasteless .
0	now , maybe you do n't care .
1	kevin had lobster pasta and i had steak .
0	the potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed .
1	steak was flavorless and the chicken fried steak was tough .
0	the kicker is that this was n't the first time this has happened .
1	the pepper steak was edible , but not delicious or memorable by any means .
0	do n't waste your time at the fish market .
1	_num_ of _num_ of our steaks came out totally wrong .
0	come now , i barely drink alcohol .
1	our entrees were salmon and new york steak .
0	_num_ . )
1	the steaks had no flavor and the lobster was overcooked .
0	the pizza was n't bad , but it was n't great either .
1	let 's face it : chicken fried steak is a vehicle for gravy .
0	a simple addition of caramelized onions would have solved this problem .
1	the steak was kinda ... meh ... not great nor bad .
0	when i got the food it was cold and i was so disappointed .
1	a good steak never requires steak sauce .
0	this vet is only out for the money .
1	save your hard earned money and avoid this steak 'n shake at all cost .
0	it is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager .
1	my steak came out and was not cooked the way i asked .
0	the variety of sauces is what gets me to come back .
1	texas people know their chicken fried steak .
0	completely disappointing .
1	the second bite was stringy steak .
0	i know , i know -- olive garden , how pedestrian of me !
1	the steak was so chopped that it kept falling out of the bun .
0	again no salt or seasoning .
1	i have ordered a steak and pasta here before and they 're nothing special .
0	but as i ate , i was even more disappointed .
1	it was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries .
0	they most certainly sat in broth for hours .
1	this is the absolute worst steak n shake i 've ever been to .
0	it was by far the worst experience at a restaurant i have had .
1	no steak for me .
0	just when we thought the worst was over we were wrong .
1	with two steaks sent back , i 'm not exactly getting the royal treatment .
0	i would not recommend this place and would never go back .
1	the steak consisted of three small thinly sliced pieces of ... .
0	not sure and we wo n't be back to find out .
1	they were each sized like pieces you 'd cut off a steak .
0	know your customers , bring back the stew .
1	it is very sad when a restaurant ca n't cook a steak .
0	not a good vegan experience .
1	my steak was not cooked to the right temperature - well vs medium well .
0	it would take less than _num_ day of their time .
1	what does n't get my ok was the steak .
0	my friend 's nails looked like a _num_ year old did them .
1	should have known better than to have throw back steak .
0	somewhat generic , but the espresso gets the job done .
1	the only reason i gave it a _num_ is because the steak was good .
0	not a fan .
1	the disappointing aspect was that the steaks were so bland .
0	well it is a sunday night and the crowd is not here .
1	steak sandwiches are supposed to be lean !
0	the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
1	i stopped in during lunch and ordered a steak burrito with guacamole to go .
0	try as he could , he could not do it all .
1	there was no char or flavor to the steak .
0	to me , that is beyond ridiculous .
1	i think i 've had better steak at outback steakhouse .
0	i said i could n't .
1	never waited very long , 1st steak fajitas seems fine .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ items is crazy !
1	i had the steak fajitas and my date had shrimp fajitas .
0	i left and very disappointed .
1	no steak knife , no mashed potatoes , no asparagus as ordered .
0	food was terrible .
1	the steak was ice cold .
0	my recommendation would be to not buy suits , shirts or shoes here .
1	the steak is average and it 's over run by boa middle management .
0	the fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor .
1	i found the steak to be tender but bland .
0	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
1	you can get a mediocre steak for a lot less .
0	will never return to the store .
1	i swear on my life this is the worst steak i 've ever had .
0	all in all , this place just needs a bit of organization .
1	chicken and steak we ordered were dry , salad was nothing special .
0	our _num_ drink and lunch took over two hours to complete .
1	the skirt steak was undercooked and made the partner sick .
0	this place does n't do it for me at all .
1	chili 's can cook a better steak than them .
0	deciding not to get it , i placed it on a near by shelf .
1	i recently went in and ordered the philly cheese steak .
0	there are better restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	we had the beef steak , fried chicken , and ham and beans .
0	waiting in line took roughly _num_ minutes on a tuesday about _num_ noon .
1	the steak was cooked right but just did n't have much flavor .
0	the worst customer service ever !
1	i chose your fried steak with green and salad to go .
0	what we got at long last was so disappointing .
1	the salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner .
0	baked eggplant caprese : the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess .
1	the steak fries as a side should have stayed in the kitchen .
0	no potatoes or any other filling except a few peas .
1	steak fries came and were uncooked .
0	slow service and a mediocre meal .
1	i had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce .
0	so , obviously , no free refills .
1	on this visit i choose the grilled chicken and steak tacos .
0	there are no hotel signs ; _num_ ) .
1	well , the steak fajita nachos were ok too .
0	the restaurant is the worst .
1	the potatoes were good , but the steak was just average at best .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	knowing how bad the steak is , i ordered the shrimp .
0	terrible !
1	my steak was n't very tender or all that flavorful .
0	they hired people that had to be required to do certain areas correctly .
1	there was about _num_ oz of steak .
0	go here to die !
1	i usually get the steak salad which used to be good .
0	we quickly found out why .
1	my date did n't like her steak either .
0	also they lost my fianc 's work shirts .
1	no flavor and no one uses cheap flavorless round steak for fajitas .
0	_num_ but i rounded down .
1	_num_ corned beef steak remains .
0	such a shame .
1	i would have much rather spent it at a nice steak or seafood establishment .
0	secondly , the kitchen is one of the worst in the entire company .
1	they cooked us a less then worthy steak to replace it .
0	avoid this place as all costs .
1	i could n't chew the steak .
0	i visited recently and i will not be returning , ever !
1	went to texaz on a whim wanting some steak and we were thoroughly disappointed .
0	soup not hot , waitress and cook fighting loudly .
1	i cut a bite of steak off and tasted it .
0	he is not !
1	terrible value but the steaks were good .
0	it was neither busy nor a late hour for lunch .
1	steak was over cooked and the plate was hot but not `` sizzling '' .
0	would n't they want you to stay and spend money on their property ?
1	and the steaks were overcooked as well !
0	i do n't understand why this place is so popular .
1	the steaks came and were both overcooked .
0	finally they allowed me to put down cash .
1	the hamburger steak was ok .
0	the place is just older and needs some renovations .
1	they might have to teach their cooks how to cook a steak .
0	i would recommend capital grille over morton 's .
1	chicken fried steak was completely flavorless as was the thick gravy on top .
0	the bedroom however seemed to dull car noise a little better .
1	food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side ass mashed potatoes .
0	very disappointed with this dry cleaner .
1	like the steak was gold on the inside .
0	chicken chewy and rubbery .
1	the steak was overcooked .
0	food was ok , nothing much to speak of .
1	he had a replacement steak that was just the same as the first .
0	plus the bread was poor quality .
1	i give _num_ star cuz chef bring steak back to me .
0	absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vets !
1	wait staff did not come to ask if our steaks were cooked correctly .
0	below par on every way .
1	steak was over cooked .
0	do not use their car wash .
1	the steak was rough and bad .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	i ordered the flat iron steak , which came smothered in a spicy sauce .
0	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
1	my dad ordered the steak fajitas ... again with the soy sauce .
