0	shame , the fish was good there .
1	the story does n't end here .
0	my biggest complaint , however , is what happened with our meals .
1	long story short , do not go here if you like good pizza .
0	not crowded but service was quite slow so i took off a star .
1	i 'm not a good story teller so bear with me .
0	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
1	which is it and why ca n't we get a straight story ?
0	slow , over priced , i 'll go elsewhere next time .
1	( check arizona republic for stories ) .
0	nobody else even ordered drinks while we were there .
1	the stories they have are great and add to the atmospher .
0	i have been here a couple of times and it does n't change .
1	it seems like the same story over and over again .
0	it was not especially crowded ( no wait ) and we had reservations .
1	guy had some good stories to tell and made good drinks .
0	waitress walked away two times while opening our bottle of wine .
1	however , trying to flag down a salesman is another story .
0	the ice cream technician could only take one order at a time .
1	long story short , technician shows up next morning .
0	no `` i 'm sorry . ''
1	a story i did not need to hear .
0	i gave up and refused the offer for another .
1	the entire story has a huge selection of different pet products .
0	so , i will never be back .
1	long story short , i felt ripped off .
0	pancakes were not very good .
1	this place is huge ... and two story .
0	i was just really turned off from that experience .
1	do n't know what the story is with this company .
0	he did not look us in the eye and was just overall awkward .
1	long story short ... .
0	the service was sub-par on a friday night .
1	this even longer story short , they changed my oil .
0	i was really annoyed .
1	however , arriving in clt is another story .
0	confusing , and a pain .
1	moral of the story : make sure you have your id .
0	but i do n't get it .
1	moral of this story : do not use cactus flowers .
0	what a complete waste of time .
1	long story short by almost 2:30 a shuttle comes to get us .
0	sit back down and i 'll take your order . ''
1	he has a ton of stories , who knows if they are true .
0	i could have spoken to him in _num_ minutes and gotten out of there .
1	very attentive and courteous to listen to our kids ' drawn out stories .
0	they left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich !
1	long story short : i ordered delivery .
0	eventually , i found bland tomatoes and shredded iceberg lettuce hidden far below .
1	make a long story short , replaced _num_ times in _num_ months .
0	oh well , their loss .
1	long story short , they have no clue about how insurance billing is done .
0	seriously , would it kill you to add more rice noodles ?
1	long story short , these people are jerks .
0	i was there on a monday , so i just tried the sushi .
1	got ta love the stories they tell , and banter back in forth .
0	poor quality work .
1	the french onion soup was a different story , very very salty .
0	also , the toppings were not greatly blended , just rather sprinkled .
1	so long story short , this place is packed .
0	complete waste of life .
1	long story short : my brows are ruined .
0	worst customer service .
1	anyway , long story short .
0	as much as i hate olive garden ... i would preferred that .
1	long story short she did a terrible job at cutting his hair .
0	we did n't , as this was our first visit .
1	when we arrived there , however it was a different story .
0	the times i 've been here , its been an ok experience .
1	tonight was a different story .
0	total time spent _num_ hour for a $ _num_ drink .
1	however , making reservations there is a different story .
0	i had a bad experience at penn automotive .
1	this place has a lot history and great stories behind it !
0	here 's where i ran into problems .
1	she has a ton of great stories .
0	said hopefully we come back because service is n't usually this bad .
1	long story short - she took the dress in ... significantly ... by mistake .
0	this explains why i got my haircut there so many times .
1	the lobster tail was a sad sad story !
0	very slow .
1	jess does an amazing job with story time .
0	i continued to stand there , and finally she ( lindsey ) greeted me .
1	now , my street tacos on the other hand is a completely different story .
0	it was very cold .
1	long story short , they took forever to order my tire .
0	we used a coupon from the paper for a _num_ topping _num_ cut sicilian .
1	has a two story tall all glass front .
0	cold cuts were good though pricey .
1	the next time i came in , it was a totally different story .
0	worst ever at everything they do .
1	long story short the kid made my sandwich with attitude .
0	she did , however , return quickly with a hair dryer .
1	to make a long story short stay away from this place .
0	the servers are polite , but extremely inattentive .
1	he gave me some story about how it was my fault .
0	me : `` please may i just have my beer ? ''
1	i will be sending this story to _num_ on your side .
0	the three pastas were very , very basic .
1	instead of a long drawn out story , i 'll just make a list .
0	maybe i just ordered the wrong thing on the wrong day .
1	the children and baby story times are fun and well done !
0	chef 's special was penne in a light alfredo sauce with crab and shrimp .
1	there 's a good story to that , too .
0	and i felt like total crap the whole next day at work .
1	then , i went again and it was a different story .
0	but i ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo , nothing to rave about .
1	long story short , i was offered a wax and declined .
0	- no visible signs of bed bugs .
1	super long story short : sub-par food , worse service .
0	the salad has been greatly reduced in size .
1	long story short they are now billing me .
0	it 's not worth the money .
1	she was on-time , positive , well equipped , and told some great stories .
0	that 's total bullshit .
1	long story short they did a horrible job on my nails .
0	employees show no sense of urgency .
1	long story short , he gave me the keys to the wrong car .
0	we ca n't believe it .
1	the food , however , was a much different story .
0	most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
1	tim was awesome , had great stories and a funny guy .
0	everyone hates it ... and unfortunately i drive it frequently .
1	long story short , i would absolutely recommend this store !
0	now i am forced to put in another quarter to finish my load .
1	long story , but i 'm getting tired of it .
0	_num_ .
1	long story short we got little sleep during the four night stay .
0	rice was over cooked .
1	long story short , what a hustle and great disappointment .
0	no wonder they need coupons for customers .
1	ended up getting inconsistent stories from two mechanics .
0	well they delayed the change for _num_ weeks so they could collect more longer .
1	but the story gets worse !
0	naturally , i get an automatic voicemail .
1	however , the quality of the service was an entirely different story .
0	the spaghetti and meatballs were very bland .
1	so moral of the story is do n't waste your time and money !
0	battered and fried .
1	so i get the bartender and explain the story .
0	the food is inconsistent , but often good .
1	so i went the next day and same story .
0	the towel the girl put out had large brown stains on it !
1	he is very friendly and has some great stories .
0	thumbs down !
1	shared with us some stories from his recent trip to paris .
0	it was all i could taste .
1	moral of the story : gross .
0	_num_ more minutes to get plates .
1	the pictures do not tell the full story .
0	the whole experience was absolutely ridiculous .
1	long story short , the lawn will never be the same .
0	their food was mediocre at best .
1	he 's got great stories and will make you smile !
0	well money talks so they talked me into giving them another try .
1	( that does n't sound like it fit her own story .
0	zero flavor and dry as hell .
1	moral of the story : do not take your large group here .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	long story short , this place is great .
0	i figured palace like this would have made their own strawberry topping .
1	a lot of very interesting video material let us know more stories .
0	i really hate this place .
1	his story would change constantly in between talking to my boyfriend and i separately .
0	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
1	the second time , however , was a totally different story .
0	the service is horrible ... friendly but horrible .
1	long story short a couple of things happened .
0	gone was the flavor and little taste of spicy burn at the end .
1	he came back with an even worse story than mine !
0	the wait for someone to take our drink order was rather long .
1	i had heard horror stories about getting a root canal but was pleasantly surprised .
0	_num_ .
1	moral of the story - never use bell trans !
0	but it seemed like i was absolutely bothering the staff this morning .
1	it 's a beautiful place with a beautiful story .
0	the bar is ok , the food is ok , it 's nothing special .
1	long story short : horrendous service .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	unfortunately , the story does not end there .
0	literally , anywhere .
1	my acrylics tho was a totally different story .
0	no thanks .
1	long story short , we passed on dessert .
0	there were tables and servers ?
1	an amazing local hole in the wall with the most interesting back story !
0	what could have been a very positive experience was absolutely ruined by this man .
1	long story short , they told me to come back in three months .
0	i sent all the food back shortly into the meal because it was cold .
1	to make a long story short , it turned out that dr .
0	smoke bomb disappeared !
1	long story short very disappointed with service and food .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	the manager was not even trying to hear my side of the story .
0	there were some pieces which could not be cut by my knife .
1	long story short , not at all a good place to eat thai food .
0	would i have had to call in to sort out their staff 's mistake ?
1	the story aside the food delivered and we enjoyed it !
0	the wedding soup was less than fair .
1	to make a long story short , the it was not worth the price .
0	they gave me my cast and i left at _num_ .
1	she has an amazing life story and i was so glad i got her .
0	because you could n't fit me in within a day i get screwed ?
1	long story short : i ate there once i did n't like it .
0	horrible , go to long john silver 's .
1	long story short , the doctor was about _num_ minutes late .
0	i had a bite of a chocolate torte , and was very impressed .
1	my story sounds very similar to the ones posted on here already .
0	prices were okay , but no great bargain .
1	long story short ... this went on for over two weeks !
0	the gelato counter was disappointing .
1	restaurant is a really nicely converted home with two stories .
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	but this is not the end of this story .
0	this is rather expensive as well .
1	the location is great surrounded by historical homes all with a story .
0	i waited _num_ minutes and finally walked out .
1	long story short we wo n't be back .
0	Negative
1	please consider my story in your decision .
0	for that reason , i ca n't give this place less than two stars .
1	too long of a story , but trust me .
0	it should n't have take an hour to do it anyway .
1	we also got to listen to some stories and legends from the director .
0	it was n't even crowded .
1	short story : terrible service , metal filing in food .
0	however , from the get go , our host was absolutely terrible .
1	great story , great set , great performance .
0	at this point i really had to use the restroom .
1	this is a pretty standard one story barnes and noble .
0	the food was alright and i thought that the portions were a good size .
1	long story short , we love this place !
0	overpriced , terrible customer service , and long wait times .
1	long story , long recipe .
0	gross much ?
1	i check out this story online and find it actually happens .
0	see pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry .
1	so to make a long story short , do not rent here !
0	wrong !
1	long story short .
0	this is no mike and tony 's or big greek gyro in market square .
1	long story short , i wo n't go back .
0	we stopped going after we got some serious attitude from our waiter .
1	the garlic bread , however , was a different story .
0	i think she got _num_ out of every _num_ drink orders correct .
1	this last stay of _num_ nights was a different story .
0	bored , bored , bored , bored , bored .
1	to make a long story short , beware of this rental company .
0	it 's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food .
1	saw `` when you wish '' the disney story and it was very good .
0	so no , no thank you .
1	get your story straight if you are gon na lie .
0	i had the pasta trio .
1	i swear on my life this is _num_ % true story .
0	it was kind of uncomfortable .
1	long story ... short version ... .
0	the thick white bread was dry and boring ; too crusty .
1	the museum is multiple stories , and the cafeteria has options galore .
0	we only wish we would have ordered food and then left .
1	the home story doors are not .
0	not up to it 's previous brunch standards .
1	all the employees were very nice and had great stories to tell .
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	tonight , however was a different story .
0	the corned beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special .
1	long story short $ _num_ dollars .
0	not us .
1	do n't waste _num_ months waiting on broken promises and hard luck stories .
0	the new pitas tasted like a doughy pancake .
1	the server on the other hand was another story .
0	i could understand if they were worn a lot , but they were not .
1	long story short - i will never go back .
0	the place smells of old towels and the bathrooms are horrible .
1	long story short , what was advertised online looked nothing like what we received .
0	the place was near empty and there were three waitresses .
1	long story short did n't even bother eating the rest of the burger .
0	this used to be one of my favorite thrift stores .
1	long story short , he was amazing !
0	ate at this resturant while on a business trip .
1	terminal _num_ is a totally different story .
0	he was so rude and ruined our friday night .
1	i do not know how to say my story in autonation honda east .
0	the deal also comes with either a small app or a dessert to share .
1	very neat story .
0	i am never going to order their general tso ever again .
1	this story goes on too long .
0	now i had a $ _num_ salad and $ _num_ pasta trio .
1	i did n't want to get into the tire light story again .
0	some good some bad .
1	but my service advisor `` chris '' , is a completely different story .
0	two seconds later , they come to want to clean ?
1	to make a long story short , they got it wrong .
0	the preparation instructions seem questionable ( microwave in a plastic bag ?
1	the clientele is awesome and you will always hear some great stories .
0	how can a restaurant not have proper seating for its paying customers ?
1	yelp is my review , my story , and my life .
0	have never experience such a rude interaction with a car shop .
1	here 's the story .
0	the outer shell was soggy and the filling made me gag a little .
1	interesting architecture and back story .
0	i was ok with this and it sounded fair enough .
1	the service on the other hand was a different story .
0	the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
1	if you like historic hotels with ghost stories you 'll love it here .
0	very disappointing .
1	long story short , the hotel ended up taking care of our resort fee .
0	i would give them zero stars if that was an option .
1	long story short , _num_ of us returned our meals as they were nasty .
0	it was n't pan fried either .
1	yeah , long story short ... .
0	the only downfall was their delivery time .
1	long story short , i told them no thanks on the cabbage .
0	the color of the dish was as bland as the taste .
1	long story short , i ate a grilled cheese when i got home .
0	it ruined our first visit in charlotte .
1	long story short i was able to get a sample to have tested .
0	the salon is so dirty we left before i let them cut me hair .
1	long story short do not go here !
0	the store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere .
1	long story short : never again .
0	my sister for a deal for _num_ and day in the _num_ season .
1	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
0	_num_ .
1	they wiped my interior with a wet cloth , end of story .
0	i can not review the food .
1	well long story short i was transferred and disconnected .
0	waitresses do not make much of an effort .
1	the second story floor plan is horrible .
0	she brought our soups , which luckily had spoons in the huge bowls .
1	but saw quickly that we would not be buying that story .
0	what was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip .
1	awesome story and a hidden treasure !
0	we had the same experience when we walked in .
1	so long story short .
0	thank you for wasting my time , i wo n't be back .
1	the story does n't end there .
0	he can not get the shape right to save his life .
1	loved hearing his stories and really enjoyed my time there .
0	the coffee is okay , nothing special .
1	on weekends you can usually leave with a good story to tell .
0	cold .
1	`` every christmas story ever told '' was slow and not that funny .
0	horrible service .
1	the story gets better !
0	not impressed .
1	best dentist in town , end of story .
0	neither of us were surprised .
1	the costumes were unique and the story had some humor .
0	for the prices at this place , i had hoped for so much more .
1	tonight was a completely different story !
0	the drive-thru workers are rude and they give you crap food .
1	moral of the story ; do not trust this location of enterprise !
0	we called again and he said that they could n't find our car keys .
1	this was the same story and situation the past _num_ times we stayed here .
0	i was not impressed with the sushi either .
1	the story goes on but i will not get into it.
0	disgusting & totally unsanitary imo .
1	i just assumed that there must be more to the story .
0	in all honesty i would 've rather had five guys or in-n-out burgers .
1	i love this story !
0	the person that seated us was curt and unfriendly .
1	the story goes ... i never experienced such horrible customer service in my life .
0	_num_ .
1	once they handed us our drinks , it was a different story .
0	Negative
1	repeated story and was transferred to my best buy .
0	imitation crab & lots of filling .
1	also did i mention my bike was stolen off my second story room balcony .
0	i 'd give it zero stars but yelp wo n't let me .
1	we had so much fun sipping our brews & sharing great stories & experiences .
0	my wife 's dinner was bland .
1	but , the food , that is another story .
0	a simple yes or no would have been nice .
1	there is truly a long story behind the production of this masterpiece .
0	super dry and no good flavor other than the cole slaw .
1	very bad actors , long story that does n't add up .
0	nothing is bad , per se , just not really impressive .
1	long story short , we wo n't be back .
0	possibly the worst pizza i have ever eaten .
1	long story short do n't shop at rainbow .
0	i would n't even have cooked this way for an enemy .
1	dealing with the main office though , is another story .
0	ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
1	the story behind the building and its decor was interesting to read .
0	tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed .
1	place - two stories and for the most part , clean .
0	i wo n't be getting one again .
1	true story .
0	over priced , over hyped but a hell of a time regardless .
1	i love the story time program here !
0	i did n't think it could get any worse ... .
1	i could have never written this review until this part of my story happened .
0	she was not present for about _num_ minutes after we were sat .
1	quite a fascinating story .
0	thai corn soup jumbo crab ?
1	long story short i made the drive back so my kid got his food .
0	i quickly ate and left to make my movie .
1	each one with a good story to tell .
0	mediocre food , horrible service , zero follow through .
1	moral of the story : do n't waste your time with camelback vw .
