0	the walls have wall paper torn off throughout the place .
1	and the store is dirty , just as others have said .
0	recently it changed ownership and sadly the results are horrific .
1	went to this store today and it was worse than usual .
0	while the greens were decent , there were barely enough for a few bites .
1	please do not buy fish from this store they will rip you off .
0	this represents a real problem for the city .
1	i 'm a thrift store junkie and this particular goodwill location is just junkie .
0	their salads and breadsticks are the only real reason to go there anymore ... !
1	sign is blank and all fixtures from the store have been removed .
0	i gave half of it to my husband to eat .
1	for a store the size of giant eagle , i expect more .
0	_num_ ) the portions are small !
1	it reminds me of the frozen gyro meat you can get at grocery stores .
0	i ordered steamed broccoli and he ordered mashed potatoes .
1	the only thing that saved this store were the nice people that worked there .
0	it came with mashed potatoes which were definitely from a package .
1	will never walk in store again .
0	i will give them hell . ''
1	not only that , but the store is over-priced and not well laid out .
0	2nd time service was extremely slow .
1	to date the store has done nothing to replace the defective furniture .
0	i will tell people not to go there and i will never go back .
1	this store has such bad service .
0	we had reservations for _num_ people at 7pm this past saturday .
1	i can not believe how unprofessional this store was !
0	thus station needs more amenities and a makeover to compete with the dc one !
1	the owner of this store deserves no stars !
0	the variety of sauces is what gets me to come back .
1	the store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere .
0	when it did , it looked ok .
1	a store is pretty much worthless if you cant pay for the items .
0	at this point , one star is being generous .
1	it 's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store .
0	sucks , sucks , sucks .
1	i get that thrift stores sell used stuff .
0	very slow .
1	i even smelled like cinnamon a day after going into the store .
0	this place is horrible .
1	... and he walked back in the store , leaving me by myself .
0	i 'm a guy , i 've got a short haircut .
1	they were slow to get back to us so we went into the store .
0	eventually , i had to get my project manager to resolve this issue .
1	april _num_ i entered boston store in east town mall in madison wisconsin .
0	service was just awful .
1	my experiences in this store have not been good for some years now .
0	i sat down in the chair for pedicure .
1	the store just sucks .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	very poor customer service here , especially displayed by store manager angela .
0	_num_ years i had this deal going on .
1	tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency .
0	zero stars .
1	avoid until this store gets its act together .
0	he did the total opposite .
1	i went into their store to get some dog food .
0	she clearly has no clue , pride or care in coffee making .
1	grocery stores are always open .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	however , i decided not to purchase it from this store .
0	nothing raw , nothing green , nothing fresh , not even as an ingredient .
1	going to just go to the store for refund of the sauce and bread .
0	neither of us touched our dinner , we were afraid to eat it .
1	there was no one else in the store .
0	nor is there any hint of a true thai taste .
1	store is open until 2:00 .
0	but too much pamela 's seems greasy .
1	worst grocery store i 've ever been to .
0	nothing i had tasted good .
1	unorganized store with a smaller selection than most old navy stores .
0	too many fries on the sandwich .
1	i immediately noticed that the store is dark and dated .
0	the views are not worth it .
1	the aisles feel more narrow than they should be for a store this size .
0	the worst salon experience of my life .
1	this probably the worst grocery store i 've ever been to .
0	granted , i like to host social events .
1	i have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before .
0	Neutral
1	it really seems like this store just does n't give a shit .
0	the soda was flat .
1	i was so excited to check out this store .
0	my boyfriend 's dinner was a real disappointment , however .
1	very disappointed that this is the only photo store in the city .
0	i personally ordered the lobster and shrimp tacos and they were served cold .
1	a lot of stores are not gold standard .
0	the food was all bland and tasteless .
1	i felt really unwelcome the entire time i was in the store .
0	everytime i eat at this location i end up with a sick stomach .
1	i have spent thousands of dollars at this store .
0	bad service , bland food .
1	kind of a dingy version of the walgreen 's chain of drug stores .
0	the sausage was made in-house and was very flavorful .
1	literally , the entire store , no bread !
0	thai tea was no bueno .
1	this store is terrible .
0	btw , no one ever showed up to fix the air .
1	this store , however , is definitely lacking in customer service .
0	they have the worst transportation service ever in pittsburgh .
1	this store is so gross that i was almost sick !
0	my trim & partial high lights took _num_ 1/2 hours though !
1	i guess the service is only nice with select employees at that store .
0	just very greasy , very salty , poor excuse for chinese takeout .
1	the store manager 's attitude was horrible .
0	so disappointed .
1	no wonder the store was empty .
0	i think one star is being highly generous for this restaurant .
1	this is the strip district after all with many stores for crying out loud .
0	and the beer menu was mediocre , at best .
1	this is by far the worst ups store i have dealt with .
0	anyone who had french fries said they were cold .
1	buffalo exchange is no longer like that store .
0	i do n't think i 'm being harsh .
1	poor excuse for a gentleman 's store .
0	texture and temperature of the fish scared me .
1	this store lost my package .
0	_num_ .
1	_num_ woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable .
0	typical diner look and menu .
1	i will not go to your store .
0	not comparable to the other top ten pizza joints in pittsburgh .
1	i will never order pizza from this store nor any people i know !
0	guy on the front desk has the attitude problem .
1	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
0	but i 'm really disappointed .
1	the store itself is fairly clean and generic .
0	her corned beef was brown and bad .
1	but then again he knows everything is crap in his store .
0	i would be careful ordering food here .
1	this is the worst pizza store in charlotte .
0	i 'm not sure if this is working hard or just desperate .
1	i do n't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff .
0	we were seated , and had to wait awhile for service .
1	one thing i like about the store is the proximity to my house .
0	i 'm definitely not coming back .
1	the company never responded to my questions in the store or online .
0	we just turned around and walked out at that point .
1	i have never visited a store with such a bad staff .
0	dairy queen only serves two flavors of ice cream so this is fairly unacceptable .
1	overall , this store is disappointing .
0	absolutely horrible customer service !
1	the worse store ever in costumer service !
0	finally on tuesday , i came out to the shop at _num_ am sharp .
1	my suggestion to everyone ; avoid the store until they get their act together .
0	they have no clue what the word `` toasted '' means .
1	the store told them that they have problems with that manufacturer all the .
0	_num_ .
1	the worst part is that this is the corporate store for the area .
0	the salad had way too much iceberg lettuce and tasted like crap .
1	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
0	so go there instead is the best advice i can give .
1	when i asked why owner said because is my store .
0	worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location .
1	one star for the unpleasant experience i have had at this store .
0	do n't bother eating here .
1	this particular store sets the bar to a new low .
0	the steamed mussels arrived in a grey broth that looked like sewage water .
1	it 's my own fault for continuing to frequent this grocery store .
0	there 's a reason it cost that , because it was n't very good .
1	store is too small and always crowded .
0	the gentleman told me it would be about _num_ minutes .
1	it looked like it was from a grocery store .
0	just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off .
1	for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags !
0	only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it !
1	this store is so terrible .
0	confused ?
1	the staff is rude and store is usually very dirty .
0	anyways , horrible experience .
1	do n't worry old navy store associate i will not be back !
0	the waiter said she only comes to town twice a year .
1	i walked into the store looking for yellow flowers .
0	i have had better seafood elsewhere .
1	and if i were reviewing just the store i would say it was fantastic .
0	it 's og though , so neither were anything spectacular .
1	the store never looks very clean .
0	the reuben and fries were soggy and greasy .
1	i should have looked or felt it before i left the store .
0	could not have been more patronizing .
1	this is a store that could really use a face lift .
0	located in not such a great part of town .
1	the store itself seemed really outdated and stinky .
0	as soon as i hung up the phone , the food was delivered .
1	do n't know how this store stays in business .
0	i want to know what to expect , you know ?
1	the store is horribly dirty and the prices are higher then harris teeter .
0	not much oyster taste , just the taste of the breading .
1	avoid this store at all costs in the afternoon .
0	stringy , asian crab that was definitely pre-made .
1	walked through the store to the service desk .
0	wo n't be going back even though the bagels are okay .
1	the cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert .
0	refused to replace them or compensate me for the loss .
1	there is no sense of customer service at this store .
0	service is terrible and wo n't return .
1	i feel old ) this used to be my favorite store .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	but overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason !
0	coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce i smothered on it .
1	store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair .
0	i 'm always always always made to feel like i 'm stupid ( seriously ?
1	there was never any follow up from the madison store .
0	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
1	_num_ ) the customer service at this store is terrible .
0	worst margarita i have ever been served !
1	i wish there were other options of stores similar to them in the area .
0	coffee makers were loudly talking , and seemed annoyed at my presence .
1	quite possibly the worst experience i have ever had dealing with a clothing store .
0	honestly , it looked like someone had already starting eating this .
1	this is by far not true in this store .
0	i have never , ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom .
1	i pointed out that there is a grocery store within walking distance .
0	i do n't think the price worth the food .
1	this is by far the worst record store i 've ever been in .
0	do n't get the salmon or tuna steak .
1	the store itself is filthy .
0	have n't been here in a long time because the service and food suck !
1	what the hell is that smell inside the store ?
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	this used to be one of my favorite thrift stores .
0	from horrible service to terrible seafood ... would never return .
1	the store itself is not the worst but it seems a little dirty .
0	the service , was not the best .
1	go out of business already ... one bathroom in the whole store .
0	it tasted and looked like rice .
1	i 'd suggest to check everything before you leave the store .
0	terrible experience .
1	the staff at this store is very rude .
0	about _num_ % more expensive .
1	i stopped at the local stores the whole time i 'm in nc .
0	would not go back and would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	the produce section is the worst of the store .
0	ie skinny burgers with simple ingredients ( ie american cheese and ketchup ) .
1	they do n't have really any good stores that make me stop and shop .
0	and not giving real receipts ( they use hand written ones ! )
1	they have one cash register at the front of the store .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	the store seems to be a kind of a ripoff .
0	my hubby ordered coffee , cobb salad and filet .
1	the store was practically dead the whole time i was wandering around .
0	seriously lady , you 're not a morning person .
1	the prices were maybe $ _num_ below retail stores at the most .
0	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
1	i have n't been treated that bad in a store since i was _num_ .
0	ummm no ?
1	for over $ _num_ you expect something more than a soggy grocery store bun .
0	i ca n't believe all the high reviews .
1	incredibly depressing store .
0	they were n't dressed how i would have expected them to be .
1	heck , go to a grocery store instead .
0	second , the rolls here are sloppy .
1	the icecream was something you could buy at the grocery store .
0	i can understand a delay during rush hour , but this was not .
1	how can a store possibly survive if you are treated so poorly .
0	very disappointed .
1	boxes and toys were all over the floor in the store .
0	too bad .
1	the store is extremely pricey and nothing really interested us .
0	the wonton soup i have to say though was very good .
1	the store needs a major overhaul and some employees who care .
0	i 'm hoping that i just caught them on a bad afternoon .
1	i put up with the rude employees and dirty store because of this .
0	cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal .
1	good store - rude owners and employees .
0	when i finally get someone on the phone , they are rarely helpful .
1	forget it , that 's in another part of the store .
0	the food was alright and i thought that the portions were a good size .
1	i walked into the store at _num_ minutes to 8pm .
0	for starters , the food is always served cold .
1	this is my third grocery store stop of the day .
0	no more .
1	katie then approached me with the stores number .
0	just bad service .
1	i guess because the big box stores are cheaper and maybe more accessible .
0	worst experience ever !
1	having said all this , my opinion of this store changed as of today .
0	two different people in my office were reduced to tears .
1	whatever you do do n't call this store .
0	the burgers are rather bland and burnt .
1	the store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards .
0	i would have given it _num_ stars .
1	there are just no good stores there .
0	did n't matter that our food was n't correct and our drinks were empty .
1	the sushi is about par with the grocery stores .
0	i do n't even care about the decor or seating etc .
1	since then , the service level has always been horrible in this store .
0	i did n't hear back .
1	i 've had a lot of bad experiences at this store .
0	i will not get anything from there again .
1	after further consideration , this store does not deserve a _num_ star review .
0	all i could taste was the overwhelming chemical , fake garlic flavor .
1	after walking out of the store , i realized i did .
0	the hostess was very short with me and my date .
1	however , their store hours are absolutely terrible .
0	thats as american as fortune cookies .
1	this store is no longer open .
0	bread pudding is always warm no ?
1	the store itself does n't offer as much as other michaels locations .
0	would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
1	there are other italian grocery stores close by .
0	she 's either incompetent or she ruined my hair on purpose .
1	( he would n't run his store safeway card for me ! )
0	we had a terrible breakfast here not long ago .
1	as everyone in madison knows , there are no doughnut chain stores around .
0	half the time you do n't understand what they speak in english .
1	wow i wish i had read these reviews before walking into this store .
0	there are better places in pittsburgh to get a burger and fries .
1	the store its self is retro , but dirty retro .
0	a breakfast sandwich had weird burnt meat on it .
1	very dirty store with dust all over the shelves and items .
0	anybody that is not would be totally screwed by these people .
1	please save your money and visit another store or company .
0	_num_ stars for plate glass window people watching !
1	i switched drug stores immediately after this experience .
0	i will never return , to make any other purchases .
1	big store , lots of seating and staff , filthy .
0	a simple `` sorry for the wait '' would have been nice .
1	parking at this particular store is a nightmare .
0	that was unacceptable .
1	this is the second time i have had a problem at this store .
0	these a holes .
1	this store sucks beyond belief !
0	goodbye lowes ... hello home depot !
1	we left , went to the charlotte store and they were amazing .
0	the pizza at this place is o.k .
1	he refused to give me anything but the store number !
0	i can not be refunded and the bill will be sent .
1	standard italian food - nothing i could buy at the grocery store .
0	it 's almost been _num_ hours and i 'm still waiting .
1	in short , some interesting stores and restaurants all just thrown together .
0	poor service .
1	do n't count on the people in this store to give you complete information .
0	it more than less ruined our dining experience .
1	however , lately i 'm becoming more and more frustrated by the store .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	might be the worst vinyl focused store i 've been into .
0	huge portion .
1	the service in this store is ridiculous .
0	wrong .
1	highly questionable hygiene for a food store !
0	the only good thing was that the cheese biscuits here are bomb !
1	the salad is bag salad from a grocery store with dressing on it .
0	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
1	never again will i visit this store .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	now the store is empty and i am the only customer both times .
0	they screwed up a club sandwich & fries .
1	really do n't recommend to shop in this store .
0	i miss the old owner of the place .
1	the stores are awful .
0	the fries are very salty .
1	i will never step foot in that store again .
0	the owner called me to apologize .
1	we called ahead to your store and inquired if you had one .
0	not tasty at all .
1	just a poorly laid out store which is showing it 's age .
0	when my dish comes out , it 's literally just steamed veggies and rice .
1	first of all , the store was messy .
0	$ _num_ corkage fee for _num_ bottle of wine .
1	every sandwich was on a ( fairly soggy ) standard grocery store hamburger bun .
0	no thanks .
1	the last time was my last time ever walking into either safeway store .
0	we proceed to wait another _num_ minutes until a _num_ top opened up .
1	still nothing from the store .
0	got a bang trim , a low # _num_ cut , and a wash .
1	it 's a convenience store , like walgreens or cvs .
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	it seems as though no stores can survive there .
0	i was rushed out and my polish was n't even hard yet .
1	i do not recommend this store due to the way the staff treats people .
0	neither i nor my husband understood the hype about this place .
1	i went into this store yesterday buying all supplies needed to make jewelry .
0	the waitress was rude and tried to rush us .
1	go to other asian stores cause this one will waste your time .
0	the check-in desk was super slow during my stay there .
1	this store just is n't what it used to be .
0	the waitress then proceeded to say the mussels were ready .
1	unfortunately , my experience with this store did not end that day .
0	my husband said , i 'm looking for some dress shirts and pants .
1	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
0	lame .
1	sadly , the chips were the kind you bit from the store .
0	if given the chance again i would n't have another party here .
1	although i love the store , this store has horrible customer service .
0	it was more than once that i heard glass breaking .
1	they 're actually worse than some large corporate stores in these areas .
0	the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful .
1	why does phoenix not have better sex toy stores ?
0	oh my god ... .
1	bought the store 's speciality sausages - bland and tasted of spoiled meat .
0	lettuce was ice cold , nearly frozen .
1	i 'd give this store negative stars if there was an option .
0	the service was the worst i 've ever encountered .
1	spend your money in a local hardware store .
0	the restaurant was clean and the people working were friendly .
1	then i asked for the store manager , which was already standing behind me .
0	lobster and potato cakes could have been better - too salty imo .
1	you might as well buy some pre-made sushi from the grocery store .
0	further , they were unapologetic when i complained .
1	the bread was store brought italian bread from the grocery store .
