0	no concierge .
1	overall , i would have preferred hitting up streets of new york !
0	we will not be back .
1	hit a street taco vendor instead .
0	hoping to get a different vet next time i took my other cat there .
1	i refused went across the street and my company card works .
0	i 've contacted the hotel manager twice and have received no response from her .
1	do n't bother - go to chipotle down the street instead .
0	i 'm vietnamese , worse viet food ever !
1	this location is down the street from me , why would i .
0	it 's pretty much a crap shoot .
1	this is my last trip to grape street .
0	the guy was obviously knowledgable about mattresses but he was rude and condescending .
1	this is right down the street from where i live ...
0	the service can be okay or awful .
1	i would recommend korean garden a block down the street .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	sell your furniture or pay anyone off the street before calling these guys .
0	do n't order from this shop if you want a timely delivery .
1	i got a refund and went to paradise bakery down the street .
0	the flavor is ok but why is the dog so skinny ?
1	i should have went across the street to the _num_ hour mexican food joint .
0	- the usual crap they sell to people because they think they are idiots .
1	i 'm better off at panda express down the street .
0	port authority sucks !
1	the main courses cost about $ _num_ more than on green street .
0	a few uninterested waiters wandering in back .
1	the better restaurant is the little cafe across the street owned by same owner .
0	it was quite small though .
1	the boyfriend lives down the street and we went for breakfast today .
0	the last take-out pie we got was less than pleasing to the eye .
1	the staff seem like they were hired off the streets .
0	customer service is poor .
1	there were people sitting across the street in the grass , too .
0	i am sad to report that this too was tasteless .
1	left for mexican restaurant across the street .
0	the underwhelming : the french onion soup was not hot .
1	despite having an office right up the street , i wo n't be returning .
0	evening started pretty badly and did not get much better .
1	they walk in the streets and twice someone has gotten hit in the streets .
0	the way you are treated is sub par .
1	i take my coffee cravings two miles down the street to dd now .
0	not very tasty .
1	i called a competitor down the street , $ _num_ for two weeks unlimited .
0	overall , i just was n't very impressed with the food .
1	the food is better at stadium grille across the street .
0	they are n't rated properly , just easy , medium , or hard .
1	left in _num_ minutes and booked room across the street at la quinta .
0	skip this place - there are other decent cheap eats downtown .
1	this starbucks is right down the street from my parents house .
0	it is just way too expensive to live like in a trailer park .
1	a small quality step down from across the street .
0	more disappointing than the service was the food , which was really underwhelming .
1	just go across the street to albertsons or a few blocks down to walmart .
0	or the fact that you 'll save sooooo much money by being a member .
1	even the overpriced bourbon street would be a better bet than this .
0	we quickly found out why .
1	you 're better off going down the street .
0	our server was obviously having a bad night .
1	we did find parking on a side street , but not real convenient .
0	highly disappointing .
1	i allowed extra time for parking since its off street parking .
0	one of the people working said that was probably because of `` renovations . ''
1	i feel like the pizza at streets of new york is pretty plain jane .
0	the food by best is subpar and barely mediocre .
1	we ordered two bourbon street steaks and a grilled chicken salad .
0	firstly , i knew there was something wrong with the server when we arrived .
1	any way dont waste your time here there is better across the street .
0	swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
1	go to sip down the street or lgo for the cold brew instead .
0	and they did n't seem too concerned about my complaint .
1	i 'd rather go to sonic 's down the street .
0	we sat down and jim pulled out a list of what they had discussed .
1	go down the street and get some tastier food at tram 's kitchen .
0	i did n't know hamburgers were traditional italian fare .
1	even for state street the food is gross !
0	the service was ok , not the best not the worst .
1	taking my business down the street .
0	the menu was very small and hard to read and understand .
1	drinks and food are n't that different from applebees down the street .
0	bad service and mediocre food served cold .
1	the meat in the street tacos was so dry , both pork and chicken .
0	finally , someone wandered in from the back and rang up our items .
1	do you guys just hire anyone off the streets ?
0	this is supposed to be the best burgers in the 'burgh .
1	the place across the street was standing room only .
0	the wedding soup was less than fair .
1	this is right down the street and we have never stopped here .
0	they are the worst company to ever deal with all they want is money !
1	i drove up the street to albertsons right after and purchased the same groceries .
0	bad service , bland food .
1	each sandwich ( named after pgh streets ) is freshly prepared .
0	food is decent , but service is no good .
1	aloha vs buffet @ asia which is just minutes up the street .
0	no he did n't !
1	also 1st street is a one way street .
0	and fallen far .
1	walnut street has a free wifi connection too !
0	both were crappy , at best .
1	i walked the rest of walnut street in them !
0	unsatisfied customer !
1	i was staying at the la quinta down the street .
0	the rib eye was thinly cut , salty and dry .
1	took my money and business down the street .
0	it was n't good at all .
1	they left a mud stream in the street curb .
0	worst waitress ever .
1	looks like streets of new york it is for now on .
0	we ate breakfast food at 2:30 am after the bars closed .
1	located on liberty street downtown , the theater is easily accessible via public transportation .
0	they have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly !
1	`` streets of new york '' - really ?
0	i very much regret ever trying this salon .
1	sonic down the street from now on .
0	first bad experience at this place .
1	there luckily was a subway up the street .
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	i am a mile down the street from this location .
0	_num_ .
1	go elsewhere like in n out across the street .
0	it begins with no signs saying where the hotel is at .
1	so she got me the street side tacos for me to munch on .
0	the shrimp sauce was very thick and not that flavorful .
1	state street brats sucks .
0	i wish there were other options of stores similar to them in the area .
1	normally we 're down the street at camelback toyota .
0	this company is the worst to deal with .
1	please try ihop just down the damn street on central .
0	the bar was not to noisy and the server was very attentive .
1	i should have stuck with my main go-to : wok express across the street .
0	went once , only due to bad weather , and would never go again .
1	for our meal we ordered _num_ plates of street tacos .
0	as for my mushroom and cheese omelette , the cheese was lacking .
1	the location is right off the main street .
0	however , the reaction that we received was unacceptable .
1	seating on the street outside was cleaner than the booths .
0	and for $ _num_ that 's disappointing .
1	i ordered street tacos and they were an absolute joke .
0	do n't bother .
1	just drive down the street to pho so _num_ .
0	nothing has changed .
1	haha yeah should 've gone to the taco truck across the street .
0	the information for this restaurant needs to be updated !
1	streets of ny pizza was mediocre .
0	they most certainly sat in broth for hours .
1	i would rather grab a $ _num_ sub across the street .
0	we are not going back .
1	my advice , walk across the street to starbucks .
0	worst bar ever .
1	comparing apples to apples , grape street is above average .
0	my experience did not live up to my expectations at all .
1	might as well go down the street to sally 's .
0	my husband 's salad , italian chopped , was better .
1	i would rather jack in the box down the street .
0	they gave me another burnt sandwich .
1	i work up the street and stop here one or twice a week .
0	i 've eaten at various mcdonalds restaurants for over _num_ years .
1	my home office window looks out to the street .
0	goodbye lowes ... hello home depot !
1	the driver called me two different times for my address and cross streets !
0	after waiting another five to ten minutes someone finally came .
1	curtains did not fully block out street light .
0	crappy service and food .
1	when across the street to chipotle and never going back .
0	boring .
1	finally we left as well and went to the village pub down the street .
0	so if you 're a horse you wo n't go thirsty .
1	save yourself the headache and run to walmart pharmacy across the street .
0	person on the taking orders was rude when i called back with a problem .
1	the streets would be better than living here !
0	service was just awful .
1	through living social and yelp , i found 25th street automotive .
0	the food was not good .
1	very sad excuse for a streets of ny .
0	and once again , pretty nasty .
1	i drove across the street and went to petsmart instead .
0	either way , no need for rudeness .
1	i walked down the street to a hotel and flagged one down .
0	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
1	i 'd rather go to the walgreens down the street .
0	all right , now i 'm really done .
1	there is a pizza hut across the street .
0	everyone hates it ... and unfortunately i drive it frequently .
1	dang , i really wanted to like st. street brats .
0	but she said no , we absolutely could not order ice cream separately .
1	but had better pho down the street from this place .
0	and it seems like everybody that goes in there are trashy and rude .
1	this place sucked from jump street .
0	that 's _num_ minutes to be next .
1	i guess i forgot to mention street noise on this reservation .
0	you 'll have a much nicer experience .
1	dont waste your time here , go to down the street .
0	)
1	long time streets customer who is now done with them for a long time .
0	although i would have to say the pretzel bite appetizer was n't bad .
1	go down the street to the egg and i .
0	the hotel rooms were dirty and service was terrible .
1	street tacos : asked for no chipotle sauce but it came with it anyway .
0	we left overall feeling disappointed in the service and the quality of the food .
1	the drinks are cheaper at inn zone down the street .
0	next up , the `` general tso 's bean curd . ''
1	for that price , the experience at grape street was disappointing .
0	owner is rude & does n't handle customers well .
1	needed a quick bite across the street after i landed at the sheraton .
0	will not be back there -- rude hostess !
1	the only dish that appeared worth ordering was the street tacos .
0	their menu is way overpriced , with nothing really great on it .
1	i 'm tray disappointed as i live across the street from this location .
0	went a few times and the last visit made me sick .
1	now , i like streets ... .
0	this was my second time staying at this hotel with the same problem .
1	fortunately , there was a ross store down the street .
0	literally the worst experience ever .
1	streets of new york pizza is awful .
0	however , i had the absolute worst hotel experience at the pittsburgh westin .
1	rates to the airport are a different rate than `` street rates '' .
0	the service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse .
1	epic fail ... guess i will choose biscuits cafe up the street next time .
0	i spoke with brian at the desk who was very polite and professional .
1	and for the adventurous , a long walk down the street to costco .
0	the two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though .
1	only thing keeping the doors open is the army base across the street .
0	without them i 'd have gone hungry that night .
1	parking on the street is a bit tight , but its definitely worth it .
0	entree _num_ : beer battered fish and mac and cheese .
1	avoid this place and go to pei wei up the street .
0	she complained the tea was weak , i never noticed .
1	you 're much better off going across the street to don pedro .
0	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
1	we walked the main street going toward campus .
0	no no .
1	pho jenny down the street for late night pho even beats this place .
0	now , i am stuck due to the heavy fees it would cost .
1	the chicken king right down the street from me is a much better choice .
0	this pizza is not good .
1	so off to wendy 's across the street .
0	the husband had the bbq chicken pizza .
1	to get a cab walk to the westin across the street .
0	i would never give these people my money again .
1	guess who was n't too busy , carnegie coffee company down the street .
0	i should have known then that it would be a bad experience .
1	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
0	it was way too thick and absolutely tasteless .
1	if you want real indian food travel down the street to mt .
0	i poured my own wine refills .
1	nothing to walk all the way down wood street from grant street for .
0	carpet looks really dirty .
1	i am a long time patron of grape street .
0	terrible place and i would not recommend this facility to anyone .
1	walked out and went to longhorn across the street .
0	and that , sir , is why you got a $ _num_ tip !
1	great shrimp cocktail but i wish i had my fish sandwich across the street .
0	worst mcdonald 's ever .
1	would have been better off sleeping on the streets than in this .
0	i just did n't want to create a scene in front of my guest .
1	more homeless people hanging out asking for change the the street corner !
0	big disappointment .
1	so the salesman sent me to another store down the street from them .
0	i could n't agree more .
1	you 're much better off going to burger king across the street .
0	i 've had better meals at the complimentary continental buffet at the holiday inn .
1	try volcano tea house or fresh cup down the street .
0	which is pretty sad .
1	this place is a good hotel just down the street from the convention center .
0	under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order .
1	all in all i wish we would have gone to ichiza down the street .
0	i ca n't even understand how people came to that conclusion .
1	what is up with all the terrible ethnic food on state street ?
0	they were gracious to direct us to signs that got us out of parking .
1	go upstairs to capital seafood or go down the street to cafe noodle .
0	he was told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppies and pepsi .
1	stay here only if sleeping on the street is your only option .
0	overall the food was hit or miss .
1	better luck down the street at in and out burger .
0	it is april and there are no grass tees yet .
1	this place is great to have down the street from me .
0	when i walked in the place was empty .
1	ironic thing is , they are no cheaper than lowe 's across the street .
0	imitation crab & lots of filling .
1	the one down the street is better in my opinion .
0	will never return to the store .
1	excellent place to chill work in a nice location on walnut street in shadyside .
0	but i placed the order online , then i am on hold again .
1	green street did n't feel the same without you since you burned down .
0	my big issue is that the employees stand directly outside and smoke .
1	small room facing the main street ( quiet though ) .
0	am i the only one ?
1	i went to beauty brands down the street instead to buy the gifts .
0	maybe those light fixtures would have tasted better than the lasagna ?
1	but better gyros are down the street at z 's greek .
0	all i got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless .
1	i should have gone to oregano 's up the street , instead .
0	dear pittsburgh , we are foodies from boston .
1	do not get an apartment facing any of the streets !
0	over-priced , slow , very dirty , and an overall sketchy vibe .
1	go to pho so _num_ down the street .
0	i did n't bother to ask if anything was organic .
1	_num_ ) did i mention that terrible smell coming from across the street ?
0	i met my friend jean here , she is a once a week customer .
1	you would be better off sleeping on the street .
0	very annoyed and ignorant !
1	edit - the less expensive store was the highly rated park street location .
0	this place offers really poor service .
1	i will wait in the line across the street .
0	my steak was not cooked to the right temperature - well vs medium well .
1	went to mcdonald 's across the street instead .
0	go here to die !
1	not just at this 16th street location but at all _num_ & diners .
0	papa j 's is expensive and inconsistent .
1	i got lost a few times with the dead end streets .
0	now , their service : really lackluster .
1	going to walgreens down the street .
0	and that they were going to charge me $ _num_ for it .
1	the streets of new york said delivery would take _num_ min .
0	on a scale of bad to good , it was kind of meh .
1	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
0	starbucks is not the right one for me .
1	there 's a bk and a mcdonalds down the street .
0	tried their philly cheese steak .
1	oh yeah , and food _num_ less is across the street .
0	also , the portions are not as big .
1	this has got to be the worst streets of ny in town .
0	this place is one of the worst dental offices i 've ever walked into .
1	the restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of walnut street .
0	that same day i called another company and booked them with no issues .
1	went over to the chinese restaurant across the street and had a great dinner .
0	for $ _num_ with the owner .
1	go to icy juicy down the street , it is much much better .
0	thanks for starving us avis and making us sleep in our cars .
1	there is a laundromat just down the street , so i always walk here .
0	minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce .
1	try panera bread across the street .
0	which was dry , overcooked and lukewarm .
1	i ended up down the street and ended up spending all together _num_ .
0	i would like to see some attempt to carry more high end products .
1	carson street is very busy , and it 's hard to park .
0	my pizza was okay , nothing yummy .
1	try the breakfast club across the street .
0	no one was at the door to greet me .
1	since this is on state street , the parking options are obviously terrible .
0	the barber could not even cut a straight fade .
1	if you want some good chinese food head down the street to east ocean .
0	most of the staff were borderline rude or down right rude .
1	i live in the war streets so it 's so convenient !
0	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
1	been to far better streets of new york restaurants .
0	awful awful .
1	i went to wendy 's across the street and had food in _num_ minutes .
0	cons : extremely inconsistent room cleaning service !
1	unless you live across the street i would n't waste the time or money .
0	we were seated quickly for a friday night and the server was fine .
1	the street fries were the worst , rubbery and stale .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the salad with the lobster roll , hold the bread .
1	now , my street tacos on the other hand is a completely different story .
0	our greeting at the front desk was awful .
1	when the new place was built across the street , we were all glad .
0	my moo shu chicken was mostly cabbage .
1	a nice alternative to the starbucks down the street .
0	ordered _num_ dishes , all pretty average .
1	i highly recommend the rooftop deck or street side deck .
0	the only good thing was free parking out back .
1	excellent tacos at the street stand .
0	when the food arrived it was mediocre at best .
1	we promptly left and went to a different pho place down the street .
0	bad shelter !
1	was in town on biz and my hotel was right up the street .
0	nothing is bad , per se , just not really impressive .
1	there are even folks playing music on the `` street '' outside .
0	this beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold .
1	whoever owns this place is seeing money slip across the street .
0	the only seasoning available are salt , pepper , hot sauce , & ketchup .
1	there 's a taco bell down the street with a higher rating .
0	very rude and unacceptable .
1	my wife and i just moved up the street from the getaway .
0	why could n't they take a couple minutes and wrap our gift for us ?
1	no worries , just a mile down the street .
0	service was extremely slow to begin with .
1	our recent visit to grape street was atrocious .
0	i wo n't be getting one again .
1	for the next _num_ days , i just walked across the street to starbucks .
0	ummm , we 're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here .
1	he went down the street to cvs ... much better pharmacy services there .
0	for _num_ girlfriends , they brought _num_ joint check .
1	there is a del taco across the street ; what was i thinking ?
0	oh , but wait until i got my bill !
1	i eat in illegal backyard restaurants in la and lunch trucks in the streets .
0	nothing special .
1	first of all , we 're not from the street .
0	i 'd give only _num_ star , but previous visits were acceptable .
1	you 're better off going to boston market across the street .
0	+ _num_ star because they are finally installing air conditioning .
1	there may be a line to the street , but it 's worth it .
0	the employees are nice but i get the sense it 's managed terribly .
1	i 've had much better fried chicken at bojangles down the street .
0	really do n't get the high praise for their pizza .
1	next time ill just go to panda express across the street .
0	unfortunately , the good feelings did n't last long .
1	i drove across the street to discount tires to avoid their bullshit .
0	what an embarrassment .
1	down the street is a better option - wish they were open for lunch .
