0	instead of _num_ .
1	in the meantime , i suggest you try to get it together down there .
0	update - went back another time and the pizza was mediocre at best .
1	i suggest you try a different restaurant if you want good italian food .
0	but it was nothing special .
1	i do not suggest using this company .
0	you have no idea how badly i want to like this place .
1	i 'd suggest to check everything before you leave the store .
0	no effing way .
1	i would n't suggest anybody going here if you need simple work done .
0	ridiculous policies and move out fees .
1	not a dish i would suggest .
0	they do n't care about your clothes .
1	i will take my business elsewhere and suggest you do the same .
0	lastly , i 've had some really poor customer service experiences at this location .
1	i tried this place after it was suggested by a local .
0	tonight is the last time i use this giant eagle pharmacy .
1	forgot all about it until a friend suggested that we have lunch there .
0	they said they have no idea where the dogs are now .
1	i would suggest that nobody goes there .
0	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
1	i would not suggest you spend your hard earned money on this place !
0	they charge me for their mistake .
1	enjoy but it 's pretty big so i would suggest sharing .
0	never again will i go there .
1	i 'd suggest a lower room , especially in the summer .
0	i was embarrassed because he was my guest and it was my idea .
1	as i left i suggested the manager change this policy .
0	they were frozen and certainly not worth the price .
1	strongly suggest anyone call before they try to park downtown on a saturday .
0	will not be returning .
1	i would suggest heading west to the wildlife world zoo .
0	absolutely horrible customer service !
1	i highly suggest going someplace else if you want a more professional dentist .
0	printed out my receipt .
1	i would never suggest this place to anyone .
0	i read somewhere that charlotte has the highest time warner rates in the country .
1	i suggest to all who received bad treatment to report it .
0	the chili was not very good either and the fries were pretty tasteless .
1	i suggest that no one lease from here .
0	this store is terrible .
1	if you have other options , i suggest taking them .
0	save your money , shop elsewhere .
1	i would not suggest renting from here by our first impression .
0	i was sick to my stomach when i left .
1	they suggested a ridiculous amount of work to be done at a surgery center !
0	i ordered mine , chocolate , and cried vanilla .
1	i do n't suggest going to this place at all .
0	terrible service .
1	i would suggest mayo clinic or finding literally any other option .
0	throughout the entire order , we got nothing but attitude .
1	the nurse suggested my husband return home and come back later that morning .
0	my hubby ordered coffee , cobb salad and filet .
1	that day , they also suggested we get our `` rotors replaced '' .
0	the waiter was horrible and barely checked on us .
1	i suggest you avoid hertz at all costs .
0	the cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert .
1	i would not suggest taking vehicles to extra mile auto .
0	they were busy , but our waitress was slightly cold and barely around .
1	great appetizers , i suggest the asian nachos .
0	she did , however , return quickly with a hair dryer .
1	i would never suggest this venue to anyone !
0	the place is dirty too .
1	i suggest you go elsewhere for italian .
0	their prices are cheap , and our food was just ok .
1	none of this was suggested at the hospital .
0	this was our first time trying this place since moving to castle shannon .
1	i highly suggest it to everyone who likes good beer and good food !
0	it seems like all these hvac guys are out to take advantage .
1	omg , i did n't consider the cigarette smoke when i suggested we go .
0	their service is a hot mess !
1	i suggest if you want to stay with verizon to pick a different store .
0	are these the same people running this restaurant ?
1	if your seeking genuine medical attention i would strongly suggest another facility .
0	the restaurant is located in a tired part of town .
1	she was n't surprised and suggested i try another gal .
0	i was a customer for approx _num_ yrs .
1	our waiter was great , he knew the menu and suggested amazing dishes .
0	i was not a fan and probably wo n't be back .
1	i suggest that if anyone is reading this , buy from another place .
0	visit another club , this one is n't it !
1	suggest you save your money .
0	the pizza was n't that good either .
1	today our friend suggested it so _num_ of us went out together .
0	very disappointed !
1	i strongly suggest you research all your other options before using this company .
0	both the waitress and the bartender were downright hostile .
1	i 'd suggest eating somewhere else but i wish it was better .
0	the `` customer '' service and pharmacy are terrible at this location !
1	your company was also kind enough to suggest other insurance companies i should consider .
0	waitress wiped off table and pushed crumbs into my lap .
1	i highly suggest not eating here .
0	for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags !
1	so i can only suggest to stay away from them .
0	even the server commented on the lack of a sauce .
1	i would suggest a better service .
0	firstly , the food had no flavor .
1	and suggested i spend more money to have another girl wax these areas .
0	let me just say that this used to be a place i loved .
1	i would suggest to avoid this place for long term emergency care .
0	this place has gone significantly down hill .
1	i would suggest taking your hard earned cash elsewhere .
0	`` ill tell the waitress . ''
1	i will never go back and i suggest you do n't go there either !
0	they gave us a $ _num_ gift card to make up for it .
1	bad experience , never go back and do n't suggested to anyone .
0	took _num_ minutes before someone came to take our drink order .
1	a friend suggested it and i had a great lunch .
0	terrible customer service !
1	i highly suggest anyone reading this go to a different establishment .
0	i got a medium _num_ topping and this pizza was very bland to me .
1	i would not suggest this bar to anyone .
0	_num_ ) $ _num_ tip even though the owner is the server .
1	i do n't suggest coming here for a good time .
0	poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality .
1	our waitress was nice and very helpful in suggesting appetizers and cocktails .
0	extremely slow service and a rude waitress on top of it .
1	someone in class suggested this place and it was such a let down .
0	just gon na stand here and get looked over for a little while longer .
1	then she suggested i leave a voicemail for brenda the head of housekeeping .
0	the potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing .
1	every time we pass by this place i suggest we stop .
0	thinking back and forth on it did n't seem right .
1	when i suggest she do take the meal off , she became very hostile .
0	tables were dirty .
1	i highly suggest this location to be looked at by the health department .
0	this week is the 3rd week .
1	after being there _num_ minutes i suggested we leave the restaurant .
0	i watch lidia on tv and have a lot of her recipes .
1	i suggest going to party city , walmart , target , etc .
0	why did n't they do that in the first place .
1	my indian friend suggested this please .
0	horrible !
1	the turkey sandwich he suggested was absolutely delicious .
0	but i did n't have a problem with that .
1	we wo n't be going back and suggest you try somewhere else .
0	this location is terrible .
1	i suggest albertsons for all meat purchases .
0	they had a dj so there was a cover of $ _num_ - boo !
1	i would never ever suggest anyone use this poorly run place .
0	their service was horrible and i would never go to any rock bottom !
1	but the phone call i just experienced would suggest otherwise .
0	the locals that like this joint must have smoker destroyed taste buds .
1	she strongly suggested blood work , which of course is nearly $ _num_ .
0	the food is bland .
1	veterinarian suggested for a surgery worth $ _num_ .
0	a native all my life and never been , finally went last summer .
1	i would suggest avoiding this doctor unless you are a man .
0	she simply said that sometimes they are n't told when someone is seated outside .
1	i strongly suggest something ( anything ) else .
0	could have being very good but it was not .
1	needless to say i will not be returning nor suggesting this place to anyone .
0	they do n't c are .
1	the only way you could improve is as i suggested .
0	?
1	i suggest going anywhere else other than here , if you possibly can !
0	what a disappointment .
1	i strongly suggest not going to this practice .
0	ugh .
1	i suggest going down the road to university station and hit the subway there .
0	also the inside is dirty as heck .
1	the wine our waitress suggested was the only redeeming part of our experience .
0	korean barbecue requires either the patron or the server to cook at the table .
1	she then suggested that i find another contractor for my home .
0	i would n't wish this place on my own worst enemy .
1	may i suggest a future more fitting career change , prison guard .
0	cardboard .
1	so , i suggest going elsewhere , really .
0	this place is beautiful but not worth the money , stress , or headache .
1	i will absolutely be returning and i suggest you give it a try !
0	anyways , horrible experience .
1	for desert ridge i would suggest another place .
0	i am so disappointed .
1	with this company i would suggest scheduling and being present during said inspection .
0	what we came away with from this experience is to leave .
1	i will never go there again and i suggest you do n't either !
0	i will not go back again .
1	if you are a custard fan , i would suggest here .
0	what will be done with the empty space that is the question ?
1	she did n't even suggest it .
0	the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
1	i 'd highly suggest that you not eat here .
0	pino then literally threw our menu 's at us , and walked away .
1	they said no and suggested i cancel my order .
0	this place is the worst , and i have never even stepped inside !
1	sadly i 'm the one who suggested giving it another try .
0	yep , the food was cold .
1	capriotti 's is overpriced and i suggest that you look elsewhere for decent sandwich .
0	disgusting .
1	they suggested i move rooms but none would be quiet ?
0	i doubt that i 'll ever go back to this location again .
1	i suggest you keep driving a few miles more where there are more options .
0	this place sucks big time as far as cleanliness and order .
1	i would suggest they hire someone with more experience working with customers .
0	maybe i went on a bad day but the food was pretty darn terrible .
1	i suggest going there instead !
0	they charge for internet service in the room , that 's so _num_ !
1	salesman was pleasant but suggested purchasing outside vendor base to save money .
0	i could make better alfredo using the sauce from a supermarket jar .
1	i would not suggest bringing a baby here .
0	it is difficult to get under my skin .
1	i highly suggest nobody go see him .
0	the lox bagels are not even made open face .
1	his name is adam and i suggest avoiding him at all costs .
0	breakfast options in the immediate area are almost nonexistent .
1	this place sucks will not suggest to anyone !
0	it was nasty .
1	this is not someplace i would suggest for actual medical care .
0	it was not enjoyable .
1	i would suggest to try another nail salon !
0	the oven was way too hot for this type of pizza .
1	her attitude suggested she could n't care less .
0	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
1	then someone suggested leaving a yelp review , so here i am .
0	the fish sandwich is bland on a generic bun .
1	so i suggest not coming on a friday at 8pm .
0	super slow , cold fries , freezer burned carrots , rubbery lobster claws .
1	if you 're thinking about going i suggest you sit in the bar .
0	the wait staff -- not too pleasant !
1	i suggest everyone stop by and enjoy a wonderful dog and beer !
0	all that money spent elsewhere because of one power trip .
1	i would suggest talking less and being for caring for your customers .
0	disappointed .
1	i suggest you do not patronize .
0	no wonder the store was empty .
1	i suggest that if you want some delicious japanese food then skip this location .
0	i gave the management a heads up , and it was not fixed .
1	would i suggest anyone to play this course ?
0	i 'm not big on chain restaurants .
1	i would suggest finding a better option .
0	quite possibly the worst experience i have ever had dealing with a clothing store .
1	i made the mistake of ordering the one she suggested .
0	at tram 's , the pho bowl is small .
1	might i suggest an awesome place ?
0	this is the burger king that corporate forgot .
1	this is the best and i would suggest everyone to try it .
0	the runny quinoa was a mess and hard to boot .
1	i would suggest staying far away from this place .
0	so bland .
1	i would suggest that there must be a better choice in madison .
0	a little goodwill would have cost them nothing .
1	i am so so so happy that people suggested this place !
0	as dinner was my treat , i felt very awkward asking for prices .
1	i needed to change my plan and they suggested the edge plan .
0	the food is cheap .
1	my husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me .
0	any way i could n't figure out what their problem was .
1	i wo n't be back and suggest that others avoid this place .
0	completely disappointing .
1	i would not suggest this establishment to anyone .
0	food is limited and all fried , that 's not a good thing either .
1	wo n't go back nor will i suggest anyone go there .
0	good groupon deal but terrible food - will not be back .
1	specials suggested by our waiter were really bad .
0	needless to say , will be my last time going there .
1	i suggest reservations - it 's definitely one of the more popular upscale restaurants .
0	whoever gave this place _num_ or five stars must be out of their minds .
1	i opted for the $ _num_ hamburger that amy suggested .
0	that said ... for _num_ people , my lunch tab came to $ _num_ .
1	she suggested we grab some wine and take it back into the market .
0	it 's like breakfast at most any other diner .
1	and i suggest you find another place .
0	only another _num_ minutes until he brought one martini over .
1	however , i would suggest spending the extra and having a far superior meal .
0	i usually do not like posting negative reviews .
1	so i suggest buying your tickets ahead of time to get the best rate .
0	this place does n't feel clean or inviting .
1	i would never suggest this resort to a friend .
0	my friend was not rude , not disrespectful , just looking to order food .
1	he then told me no and rudely suggested i leave .
0	mine needed a bit more sauce to make not as dry .
1	i suggest going to the chandler mall location .
0	but it was n't over .
1	i highly suggest not going here !
0	i 've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced .
1	otherwise , i would suggest staying far , far away !
0	nothing to talk about .
1	checked this place out after a relative suggested it .
0	pho is ok , not bad .
1	she suggested i go short when i clearly did not want to go short .
0	terrible service !
1	i suggest taking the tram ride if possible .
0	i will not be going back .
1	the pizza is nothing to talk about and i would suggest going somewhere else !
0	i booked _num_ style appointments in advance for a wedding .
1	no one ever suggested i do that at elite .
0	they missed an opportunity to impress a new customer .
1	for a leisurely breakfast , i 'd suggest you look elsewhere .
0	walked out without making purchase .
1	i suggest getting an online degree over unlv .
0	this showmars used to be awesome .
1	i suggest the chow fun .
0	should be _num_ minutes '' .
1	i suggest looking at the whole menu and then asking them to substitute sides .
0	not worth wasting your time .
1	i would suggest picking up your order instead of delivery .
0	too many good italian places in pittsburgh to choose here .
1	it was offensive to be suggested that i see some other movie .
0	when we sat down , i was immediately hit by a gross smell .
1	the owner and employees provide a wealth of knowledge and suggest great music .
0	zero flavor , zero filling , frozen wan tons ?
1	i would suggest you bring your business elsewhere .
0	lack of flavor really hurts them in my opinion .
1	great late night food , i would suggest this to my yelper friends .
0	_num_ .
1	they did n't have items in my size and had no alternatives to suggest .
0	the crab cakes were also bad .
1	would not suggest this place to anyone .
0	yuck i have avoided this subway like the plague .
1	sooooo not okay with this place and if i suggest to anyone .
0	we have had vietnamese food in other states before but here is the worst .
1	i suggest everyone forget this place exists and go some where else .
0	the cheapest thing on the menu was $ _num_ .
1	he suggested the baked ziti with extra ricotta , and it was delectable !
0	wo n't be back .
1	wo n't eat here again and i do n't suggest anyone else to .
0	sent the mussels back .
1	i would suggest really giving the furniture a once over before they leave .
0	and the quality of them are bad .
1	otherwise , i 'd suggest you skip it and enjoy classic southern soul food .
0	they screwed up a club sandwich & fries .
1	i do not suggest supporting this establishment .
0	really bad italian food .
1	would not suggest this to anyone .
0	the `` chicken '' is dark , fatty , and inedible .
1	i suggest everyone not bother him .
0	all right , now i 'm really done .
1	i suggest going to another medical center cause these people seem clueless .
0	i see why this place is hurting for business .
1	boy , i would n't suggest this place .
0	this place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising .
1	i will not be returning nor will i suggest this place to my friends .
0	-i split the giant beer battered fish sandwich .
1	i would n't suggest this to my worst enemy .
0	tasted very good , but i was disappointed in how dirty this place is .
1	this is not a _num_ star resort as many sites suggest .
0	i was afraid to sleep in that nasty bed .
1	grill is n't someplace that i 'd suggest to return to because honestly ?
0	the quality was horrible .
1	i suggest you do n't waste your time either .
0	finally , overall the prices were way too high .
1	i highly suggest you find another practice .
0	ever !
1	he also suggested me to go to er if not getting better .
0	why would anyone even pay for such lousy food ?
1	they do n't care about their customers , suggest try another steak place .
0	made me walk across the floor after my pedi w bare feet .
1	i would always suggest it when friends asked me where to go .
0	total waste of money .
1	i would strongly suggest go somewhere else for any special occasion .
0	because of number two our service in general was not good .
1	later , i called groupon and asked what they suggest .
0	_num_ minutes later he calls again and asks where we are .
1	i suggest cold stones or the gelato spot .
0	extremely slow service !
1	i suggest not ordering anything there and making a sandwich at home .
0	i 'm hoping that i just caught them on a bad afternoon .
1	i would not suggest using this florist .
0	it was about _num_ inches off the ground !
1	do not suggest this place .
0	the service is awful .
1	they may even suggest financing .
0	however , i 'm in pittsburgh , where can i go ?
1	i suggest going to a competitor or buying online for your pet supplies .
0	hot sauce was more difficult , took two requests before it came .
1	this is absolutely absurd that they would suggest repairs that are n't needed .
0	i wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy .
1	if not , i suggest you skip it .
0	our waitress was hit or miss and we waited awhile for the bill .
1	the lady was n't very friendly and helpful in suggesting any special dish .
0	they were significantly cheaper .
1	they then suggested i go to batteries plus .
0	that 's not our usual practice . ''
1	i would suggest more training and also perhaps caring about reviews .
0	the food is inconsistent , but often good .
1	i would suggest you pass on this one .
0	_num_ beer per hour maximum .
1	if you can go anywhere else , i suggest you do .
0	when it did , it looked ok .
1	i suggested we give it a try and so we did .
0	once we did get seated , service was slow and really bad .
1	if you 're considering this place , i 'd suggest going somewhere else !
0	i would give this place half a star if i could .
1	do n't suggest coffee or ignore them or not offer last call .
0	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
1	the lady at the phoenix visitors center highly suggested we check this place out .
0	they just came up with some excuse .
1	i have since taken my business elsewhere and i suggest you do the same .
0	i 've been here three times and it 's been inconsistent .
1	so embarrassed i suggested it for our lunch group .
0	i went here to fix a bad hair cut at the last minute .
1	may i suggest blackened monterey chicken sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries ?
0	so they lost another star for over priced for the value i received .
1	thanks yelpers , for suggesting to out of towners .
0	the half order of ribs looked like a full rack .
1	i would suggest to order the wings breaded , and no sauce .
0	everything else was sub-par .
1	i would highly suggest going to john c lincoln north mountain .
0	the menu was small and underwhelming .
1	would not suggest take out from buca .
