0	service was terrible .
1	to my surprise there was no appointments scheduled for either girl !
0	i would n't take somewhere here as a pittsburgh destination though .
1	i really was n't surprised at all .
0	i had about _num_ bites and just put it aside .
1	i would n't be surprised to see it close .
0	ridiculous .
1	just a surprise to one not tuned in !
0	i just do n't get how anyone could like it ?
1	he got a nasty surprise when he cut it open .
0	there was no information about this .
1	i stumbled upon this place and was very pleasantly surprised .
0	our service was awful as well .
1	would n't be surprised if she spit in our blizzards .
0	they are wasting so much money on cheese its sad .
1	i was pleasantly surprised by this place after going here for lunch .
0	however , there were three hostesses at the bar chatting and seemingly doing nothing .
1	i am surprised by all of these great reviews .
0	gone is the famous gm bill .
1	i 'm surprised this place is approved by the health code in las vegas .
0	it 's definitely gone downhill .
1	if you want a surprise burger , go to this bk .
0	their sauce is so thin and tasteless .
1	not surprised that this place was n't impressive .
0	the worst everything .
1	but it was to no surprise that i only received approximately _num_ % returned .
0	despite the spa pricing this is not the spa treatment .
1	i 'll stick to surprise and west gate theaters from now on .
0	waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu .
1	i would n't be surprised if it came from some frozen bag at costco .
0	their foods are not that tasteful .
1	we were surprised by the huge tent covering the `` outdoor '' dining area .
0	never again will i go there .
1	pleasantly surprised , very nice attentive staff , clean and above all good food .
0	something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad .
1	this was a new item that i tried and i was pleasantly surprised .
0	the coleslaw is gross and i 'm a fan of coleslaw .
1	i was pleasantly surprised by my experience here .
0	so i would n't go back .
1	to my surprise the groupon is not accepted at night .
0	the beef pho was sub par .
1	to our surprise the chicken pieces were not fully cooked .
0	also , do not take their facebook page seriously .
1	i 'm surprised this store has survived so long with such terrible customer service .
0	i just passed six tables empty and clean .
1	every time i go i expect a surprise but same old arrowhead .
0	maybe part of the problem was expectations ?
1	i called him _num_ times and here 's a surprise no response .
0	cutting too many corners .
1	however , in this tourist area it was a surprise .
0	we ate about a quarter of the food & could n't even finish it .
1	out of business , not surprising they have been going down hill for years .
0	i 'm glad this place is for emergency service only ( for us ) .
1	noticed they were shut down a year ago so should n't be surprised .
0	this place is less than mediocre .
1	to our surprise they wanted over $ _num_ to replace the tires .
0	utterly , totally unbelievable .
1	i 'm not surprised that the operator at the bottom does n't touch money .
0	here is where my mistake happened .
1	imagine my surprise at having an entire apartment to myself .
0	getting those taken off was another huge inconvenience to our poor server .
1	first surprise : decent beer .
0	tiffany prices with kay jewelers selection .
1	a nice surprise .
0	dew & when they brought it out , it was in a can .
1	the little asian dentist comes in and once again ( surprise ! )
0	not even one piece .
1	to my surprise , i noticed the hotel charged me about $ _num_ .
0	the potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed .
1	i 'm not at all surprised by elizabeth w. 's post .
0	bottom line is poor excuses for terrible work .
1	i was pleasantly surprised that the art museum portion was free .
0	what turns me off a bit , it always seems dirty .
1	the restroom is another nice surprise .
0	owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal .
1	a nice surprise here are the great happy hour specials at the bar .
0	walked out without making purchase .
1	the lemon grass tofu was a pleasant surprise .
0	so disappointed !
1	it is no surprise this place has a _num_ star rating .
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	i 'm always surprised how much i like the food at doc 's .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	the surprise of the night was the bourbon bread pudding , warm and delicious .
0	the shrimp were $ _num_ a piece .
1	would n't be surprised if this one closed soon .
0	do not use these people for your dry cleaning needs !
1	very surprised by the staff .
0	eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp .
1	no surprise there .
0	however , it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool .
1	no real surprise there .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	not surprised they have under two stars .
0	_num_ .
1	there will be no surprises there .
0	there are a few of them and there 's really nowhere else to go .
1	when she said $ _num_ , i was surprised .
0	basically the whole experience was pure torture , which is disappointing .
1	ruined the whole surprise .
0	he brought it back still cold .
1	if i do n't pay the surprise charge i do n't get keys .
0	sausage was disgusting .
1	when i walked in , i was surprised by how crowded it was .
0	not worth your money .
1	person behind counter was apathetic and did not seem surprised at all .
0	finally on tuesday , i came out to the shop at _num_ am sharp .
1	i just do n't like being surprised when the ticket comes .
0	skip this place if you do n't want to feel ill after dining .
1	stayed overnight and was pleasantly surprised .
0	time warner cable is awful .
1	they sell alcohol inside which i was surprised to see .
0	unfortunately i heard after i ordered .
1	then one person got his food and to my surprise the order was wrong .
0	disappointment .
1	was pleasantly surprised at how flavorful the broth was .
0	the fries were bad .
1	much to my surprise , i was billed $ _num_ .
0	menu says `` soup '' , no particular type .
1	to my surprise my son did not have any cavities .
0	very poor customer service at this location .
1	one of the drinks were wrong , not surprised .
0	_num_ .
1	such a great surprise !
0	pamela is a bad representation of this location !
1	it did n't surprise me .
0	the store never looks very clean .
1	nice surprise !
0	this hotel is really dated , and the rooms smell funny .
1	the surprise at the end was special .
0	seriously the worst mcdonalds i 've ever been to .
1	i was very delightfully surprised .
0	it was not crowded and we were seated and served promptly .
1	and what really surprised me was that there was no pole dancing !
0	i am disappointed the table i was most concerned about is horrible .
1	stopped by randomly and boy was i surprised !
0	this was by far the worst hotel experience i 've ever had .
1	it took me by complete surprise .
0	hummus is ridiculously expensive .
1	i suppose , then , i should n't have been surprised by the food .
0	i ca n't even rate this place !
1	i can eat fire so this is no surprise .
0	the food is okay - typical italian fair that could be better seasoned .
1	at this rate , i 'm surprised they even have customers .
0	costco was closed so i went to giant eagle .
1	however , i was surprised by the reasonable beer selection and the nice menu .
0	imitation crab meat at an italian restaurant does n't fly .
1	not surprised this place is closing soon .
0	waitress walked away two times while opening our bottle of wine .
1	also , i was surprised by the limited number of seafood options .
0	went here a night during final four ( basket ball ) .
1	imagine my surprise when i found out they cancelled my return flight to phoenix .
0	sub-par sushi .
1	what a nice surprise this place was !
0	not only was the food bad but the service was terrible .
1	only phoenix , surprise and sun city are open .
0	just go anywhere else , it ca n't be worse !
1	this airport is a pleasant surprise .
0	waited _num_ minutes before someone asked if we needed something .
1	what surprised me is the selection of books and a dvd section !
0	the place was very busy and noisy .
1	we to my surprise the added a $ _num_ charge for outside carwash .
0	the tacos were decent but the rice and beans were horrible .
1	this took me for a total surprise .
0	the restaurant setting is very typical of a vietnamese restaurant .
1	wo n't be surprised if they show up on dirty dining .
0	but i did n't have a problem with that .
1	applebees surprise is off the list .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	i ca n't really say i am surprised by my disappointment with this store .
0	the chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot .
1	i also was surprised at how quickly the order was delivered .
0	my boyfriend ordered the hot fish , but it was way too salty .
1	i bought the groupon with a friend and we were both pleasantly surprised .
0	wait time : we had a reservation , so we were seated right away .
1	to my surprise , it was better than i had expected .
0	this is not what you promised to sell me .
1	however , i was pleasantly surprised .
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	if my raspberry shake was in any way natural , i 'd be surprised .
0	the pizza , even when plain , is very greasy .
1	no surprise .
0	it 's not that delish .
1	i was pleasantly surprised that it is actually a pretty legit theme park .
0	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
1	to my surprise , some changes have been made .
0	what we came away with from this experience is to leave .
1	she could n't say no but the look on her face was of surprise .
0	asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one .
1	all of the negative reviews do not surprise me .
0	terrible experience here .
1	no surprise , he got two of our orders wrong .
0	i sent that back , and ordered the sea bass .
1	the bill arrived and to my surprise the chicken sandwich was still on there .
0	at this point , i am done .
1	we were quite surprised by the poor quality of the hotel all around .
0	i read somewhere that charlotte has the highest time warner rates in the country .
1	unfortunately , applebee 's in surprise seriously lacks this understanding .
0	just getting our drinks out was confusing .
1	what surprised us is that it is a whole new morton 's .
0	the chicken tasted suspect and the rice was mushy .
1	stopped by and were pleasantly surprised .
0	i have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable .
1	i was pleasantly surprised with this mall .
0	the shrimp lo mein was ok but the shrimp was overcooked .
1	big surprise , no phone call !
0	the fries were fairly soggy and otherwise par for the course .
1	the manager did n't even seem surprised or apologetic .
0	king nasty !
1	to my surprise , i was denied this again .
0	the steak was overcooked .
1	it does n't have a waiting list , which is n't a huge surprise .
0	my problem is that the hotel double charged me for my stay .
1	i was pleasantly surprised .
0	very disappointed .
1	imagine my surprise as plates of pancakes begin to come out of the kitchen !
0	we waited over _num_ hours for the food to be delivered .
1	i 'm really surprised that the service was so terrible .
0	after i ordered , the waiter came back twice .
1	i 'm really surprised this place has such good reviews .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	fresh italian dishes that surprised us with flavor .
0	our server was nice but rushed .
1	i am not surprised by the low ratings this location has received .
0	there are no frills , there are no items i would particularly recommend .
1	seeing these other reviews does n't surprise me .
0	and , most sadly , the cup of coffee was weak .
1	you will be surprised at what is returned to you .
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	so this caught me by surprise and asked why so long .
0	we were ... disappointed .
1	not terribly surprised .
0	we repeatedly got dirty looks from the staff throughout our meal though .
1	little to my surprise she contacted me back , extremely disappointed .
0	terrible service .
1	the tanning bed ended up being broken , surprise .
0	it 's not fair for the customers or for the servers .
1	no surprise the reviews reflect the shitty job they do .
0	i called & talked to manger as soon as i saw the bites .
1	surprised with all the yelp reviews ... disappointed .
0	egg rolls , wonton soup were not good .
1	so no surprises yet .
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	after we finished our entre , we were surprised that dessert was still included .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	they could not even get a surprise flower delivery executed correctly .
0	worst .
1	there were several less than pleasant surprises .
0	the service was terrible .
1	the nightly jazz band was a pleasant surprise .
0	now it wo n't fit .
1	no surprises there .
0	it was topped with an olive and a mini pickle ... odd .
1	to my surprise joyful took the liberty of charging me $ _num_ !
0	second i was with a party of _num_ that all ordered salads .
1	what to i see ( not to my surprise ) mr .
0	terrible service and terrible food !
1	i did n't , because surprise !
0	maybe i 'm just not the kind of person that likes whole foods .
1	is this even a surprise !
0	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
1	not to my surprise , mike did not listen .
0	are they going out of business ?
1	not surprised , and took way longer than they should have .
0	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
1	surprise , surprise ... another pizza review .
0	there probably wo n't be a wait !
1	my wife was surprised to find the ramen noodles to be spicy .
0	just a mess .
1	went to their cheese market , and was pleasantly surprised with the selection .
0	she had to check with kitchen several times to answer our questions .
1	surprising given the location .
0	out of five orders , only two were done correctly .
1	to my surprise i ended up moving a block away from the place .
0	super dry and no good flavor other than the cole slaw .
1	completely surprised by this place !
0	it looked like a child had done it .
1	my wife had gone in on another occasion to surprise me with some parts .
0	even the day front desk person was short with us and rude .
1	this place never seems to surprise me with bad customer service .
0	some of the salads are alright , but its just not good food .
1	it 's no surprise that so many of those who did are unhappy .
0	this was not the case .
1	i was pleasantly surprised by the store !
0	i did n't know hamburgers were traditional italian fare .
1	would n't be surprised if the omelets come from a mix .
0	this is the strip district after all with many stores for crying out loud .
1	we were surprised to see the change in the layout of the restaurant .
0	i rushed to tan today after work .
1	we came here for dessert and drink after dinner and we were pleasantly surprised .
0	was trying to find a rating lower than _num_ star but could n't .
1	i was surprised at the food , which was good .
0	they ended up calling two more over , but it took way too long .
1	again to my surprise i received an overcooked burger loaded with salt .
0	the managers do n't care .
1	not to mention the surprise that they do n't take credit cards .
0	_num_ hour and _num_ mins is ridiculously long to wait !
1	to my surprise , this strange looking food was actually quite delicious .
0	this was my first time trying brown bag deli too .
1	we came here for a casual brunch and were pleasantly surprised .
0	a couple tables taken , but no sign of staff in the bar .
1	we popped in here for lunch on a saturday morning and were pleasantly surprised .
0	imho that 's ridiculous .
1	to my surprise , the driver turned left onto las vegas blvd .
0	some good some bad .
1	we walked in and we were surprised that they had seating available right away .
0	very disappointing considering their pricing structure .
1	surprise , surprise - no call .
0	try as he could , he could not do it all .
1	but i should n't have been surprised .
0	the shrimp sauce was very thick and not that flavorful .
1	i would not be surprised if this is the way it always is .
0	i fall into the later category : i did n't like it at all .
1	so , imagine my surprise when the bill came to $ _num_ .
0	however , i wo n't be back .
1	i was also pleasantly surprised at how well priced the drinks were .
0	just bad service overall .
1	pleasantly surprised !
0	how disgusting .
1	i 'm not surprised .
0	strawberry pies being the exception to the rule .
1	i '' m surprised the reviewer before me got in so fast .
0	the crab cakes were definitely frozen , and not made from blue crab .
1	heard its closed , not surprised .
0	that might make it a little better .
1	it indeed was sears to my surprise !
0	the staff completely ignored it .
1	i wish i was surprised but it was ice cold .
0	i miss the old garden ridge .
1	do n't be surprised if half the complex is empty .
0	food was dry and the sauces were watery .
1	probably not a place we will drive from surprise for again .
0	the mussels were barely seasoned and were hardly edible .
1	that surprise was a $ _num_ meal .
0	there is also a _num_ inch ?
1	nice surprise .
0	very unappetizing and i was unable to continue eating .
1	go on the weekends for a surprise good time !
0	this makes me sad to write this .
1	speaking of desserts , i remember being pleasantly surprised with the bourbon pecan pie .
0	_num_ sundaes were $ _num_ .
1	no surprise we waited a very very long time for the check .
0	it just is n't for me .
1	we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of food .
0	this is probably the worst review of a restaurant i 've ever written .
1	i was actually surprised by how terrible the experience was .
0	based on all the other reviews , probably safe to stick to pho .
1	was surprised by how great the food was .
0	the food handling left much to be desired .
1	finally get up to the salon and it was dead to my surprise .
0	but unfortunately they had already sold out of the special .
1	what a great surprise !
0	guess what , no fresh oysters .
1	we brought my family here from philly for a surprise dinner .
0	after calling every day for a week i was furious .
1	i was surprise with your answer toward a customer like me .
0	but then i had to wait more than _num_ minutes to get my food .
1	oh my sweet goodness ... best culinary surprise i 've experienced in years .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	why am i still surprised when companies are unethical and dishonest ?
0	thus , it makes me sad to write a negative review .
1	when we ordered turkish coffee , we were not surprised that cups were greasy .
0	this does n't generally happen to me .
1	enter with low expectations and be surprised on occasion .
0	i had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer .
1	not surprised , who would be busy with food like that ?
0	there is an atm , but it has a $ _num_ charge to use .
1	what a pleasant surprise for the rocks .
0	our entrees , dessert and coffee all came out at different times .
1	ruined the surprise for a friend !
0	i would prefer to leave _num_ stars .
1	i love when places surprise you !
0	it was like having a standard old boring burger .
1	should n't be a surprise , really .
0	my daughter and i ordered my pizza slices to eat in and hers togo .
1	this was such a pleasant surprise .
0	i ordered food that i believed was gluten free .
1	not surprised by the other negative reviews .
0	the bread was cheap and tasteless .
1	both the health dept and corporate need to make a surprise visit .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	her reaction was ridiculously calm and she did n't seem surprised in the least .
0	i never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be .
1	we pointed out the problem and the server was not surprised .
0	i 'm not a huge fan of this location .
1	would n't be surprised .
0	also , i had ordered a fried pickle appetizer .
1	current repair estimate for the rear is ( surprise ) over $ _num_ .
0	the food was absolutely gross !
1	would not surprise me to see this place shut its doors .
0	the food : plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying .
1	what a pleasant surprise !
0	nothing to recommend .
1	it does n't surprise me that the inspection is so fast !
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	do n't be surprised with your experience here if you read the reviews below .
0	no complaints .
1	i was surprised the wait staff was quite absent throughout the evening .
0	no offer to adjust my membership so i ask for $ _num_ refund .
1	_num_ minutes later another guy comes in looking surprised that people were waiting .
