0	and ... i was pretty underwhelmed .
1	our empty plates sat on our table for _num_ minutes .
0	only complaint was that the cheeses were served too cold to fully appreciate them .
1	our waiter ( vincent ) had _num_ tables .
0	i could n't have tried to make food this poor .
1	so try the table guac , but give the shrimp wrap a pass .
0	and when i say smothered here , this is not a good thing .
1	5:30 on a saturday and only two other tables were occupied .
0	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
1	there were also plenty of empty tables .
0	nothing updated , nothing new , nothing fresh .
1	when you stop spending money they are off to another table .
0	`` every christmas story ever told '' was slow and not that funny .
1	i thought the menu had said tapas style for the table - my bad .
0	furthermore , the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par .
1	it 's a slow night so i took them off the table .
0	service was just barely adequate on this visit .
1	secondly , they do n't clean the tables too often .
0	all said , we spent $ _num_ for soul food !
1	empty tables everywhere .
0	the food took way too long as well and was only lukewarm .
1	there are fruit flies hovering around our table too .
0	i told him that i would rather donate the items to a theater .
1	two waitresses ignored us , one cleaning a table that was obviously not needed .
0	they tried to fix the broken telephone but were n't really successful .
1	the bread they bring to the table before dinner was n't very good .
0	friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
1	_num_ person simply sat our mimosas on the table and did n't speak .
0	they charge for internet service in the room , that 's so _num_ !
1	when we came back my best friends iphone was no longer on the table .
0	never received a refill on my soda .
1	waiting for a table is common unless you go at really off peak times .
0	but as long as they got their money ; they could give a crap .
1	i made reservation and still the table was not ready .
0	this is an average chinese buffet .
1	they should be serving free meals to anyone they stick at that table .
0	the said they would get back to me within _num_ hours .
1	interior is dingy and the tables were sticky i would not recommend this place .
0	all in all , this place just needs a bit of organization .
1	no drink menu on the table and the server did n't mention a thing .
0	so pissed !
1	wo n't go back , waste of money , tables were dirty too .
0	for $ _num_ i expected so expected something a lot better .
1	even the cooks messed up the steak order at the table next to us .
0	ok i said i was sorry .
1	no water , no extra chips for the table of four , nothing .
0	will not return to this place .
1	tables are often dirty .
0	it 's good , but too expensive .
1	tacky tables with bus stop ads in them .
0	also most hotels offer no free parking , shadyside suites did .
1	cool sports bar , pool tables and ample flat screens .
0	the market square location has the most horrible service i 've ever experienced .
1	it took our sever _num_ min before she even acknowledge our table .
0	food is n't that great .
1	i just passed six tables empty and clean .
0	there was no third bite .
1	when we got there , the table had not even been set up .
0	service is terrible .
1	empty tables all around .
0	the worst american version of italian food .
1	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
0	the worst of it is the damage caused by being over processed .
1	so there are n't enough waiters to handle three tables instead of two ?
0	that should have tipped me off .
1	floor was a mess as were tables .
0	our expectations were not too high and the restaurant delivered just that .
1	four tables without people , all covered with plates and trash .
0	it is a white pizza with minimal ingredients except for the lamb skewers .
1	it took _num_ minutes for our waitress to even come to our table !
0	wo n't be back .
1	only _num_ other _num_ person tables there .
0	needless to say i refused to pay for them .
1	restaurant had perhaps _num_ tables sat .
0	will probably never go here again because the person servicing me was rude .
1	before sitting down we asked a waiter if the table was available .
0	i 'm upset and offended .
1	there was the powder parmesan on the table which i added myself .
0	even burger king does n't microwave their breakfast !
1	the tables were dirty and breaking apart the chairs were filthy .
0	the room i had was bland , one piece of ugly artwork .
1	she was very overwhelmed with _num_ tables and i am unsure why .
0	our garlic bread came out literally black .
1	we waited almost _num_ minutes for water glasses to be brought to the table .
0	the bar is really small and the staff was really unfriendly .
1	at least the place was quiet -- there were empty tables everywhere .
0	the cheesy jalapeno dip it was served with was good .
1	i requested a table below a fan because they keep this place too warm .
0	i 've had way better chinese sushi at giant eagle of all places .
1	the food was lukewarm when it arrived at the table .
0	well ok i guess .
1	literally two seconds later , there was a four person table cleared .
0	the crust was hard and flavorless .
1	they were not busy , _num_ tables in the whole place .
0	they also did away with the _num_ cent wing night .
1	we were told it would be awhile because there were no tables .
0	a pulled pork appetizer was passable , nowhere near the dish it replaced .
1	the hostess said it would be _num_ minutes for a table .
0	first thing i realized is that there 's no bathroom in the room .
1	two parties that came in after us were seated next to dirty tables .
0	hell , tgi friday 's would have been better .
1	the restaurant had no more than _num_ tables sat .
0	i would n't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend .
1	when we finally got a table , service was rushed and impersonal .
0	mash potatoes were dry and tasted gritty like it came from a box .
1	she did n't come back to the table after that for _num_ minutes .
0	gross !
1	tables were all dirty and the drink station was sticky and not very sanitary .
0	i was very uncomfortable .
1	tables were n't clean .
0	this sandwich shop lacks all of those things .
1	by 6:30 , there were still a number of empty tables .
0	prices were okay , but no great bargain .
1	i thought it was odd how many empty tables were in the bar area .
0	the manager was rude .
1	service was super slow even though half the tables were empty .
0	singapore had this for their buses in _num_ !
1	here , you just kind of bang your own head on the table .
0	texture and temperature of the fish scared me .
1	it was almost _num_ in the afternoon and i sat at a pub table .
0	but maybe that says more about me than it does bar charlotte .
1	asked for a manager , she never came to the table .
0	the toppings were terrible ( pepperoni , sausage .
1	the food we ordered which was on a nearby table , was also covered .
0	zero stars for service .
1	one food runner , female , came to our table with the wrong food .
0	slow service .
1	and , a table of _num_ leaving and all paying separately .
0	ugh .
1	one time i went there and only two tables were occupied .
0	last week my husband and i visited pittsburgh for a rock concert .
1	we walked in and there were already some people waiting for a table .
0	the only thing they did n't want to do was flush my brake fluid .
1	dining area is sparse , basic tables and booths .
0	customer service was a joke .
1	well , it sat on our table for _num_ hours after being finished .
0	?
1	the restaurant was pretty empty , no wait for a table .
0	was n't the best experience .
1	we went on a saturday night and there were plenty of tables available .
0	the greens and yams were ok .
1	but again we watched table after table go empty and stay dirty .
0	i also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink .
1	she apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables .
0	disgusting .
1	he employees walk by dirty tables then people sit at them .
0	sadly , however , they did not .
1	we may have waited _num_ minutes before our table was ready .
0	butter served with the bread was so hard it bent the knife .
1	they sit on the tables and often just sit at your table .
0	oh , and like _num_ slices of meat and a slice of cheese .
1	they did accommodate us after my request to put _num_ tables together .
0	let alone one that the food is n't even that good .
1	but no biggie - we agree to split into different tables .
0	it really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients .
1	thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	a large group would not use any of these open tables .
0	_num_ .
1	at 1pm , with lots of open tables , they could n't seat me .
0	( seriously , i feel sorry for someone truly fat going in there ) .
1	tables and chairs are always nasty .
0	now the bad ... stains .
1	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
0	could n't even call me to let me know .
1	i waited _num_ min before getting drinks even though there is couple of tables .
0	they 're wrong .
1	atmosphere is cluttered and tables are too close together for any privacy .
0	the sauce they were drowning in seemed to have almost a chemical taste .
1	there was just one table of _num_ seated and eating when i arrived .
0	but , hey , i can always catch up on my sleep tomorrow night .
1	waiter tried to sit us at a table that was in the sun .
0	i really wanted to like this place but alas it just was n't happening .
1	this time we literally got sat at a table in the kitchen hallway .
0	i honestly have no clue !
1	why not seat people at those tables ?
0	the home fries were just diced potatoes .
1	there were only _num_ of us and plenty of _num_ person tables avail .
0	it was a weird experience .
1	there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
0	terrible terrible service .
1	however , they only have two waitresses outside for about _num_ tables .
0	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
1	he never approached our table , but he walked past us several times .
0	very poor service and food .
1	there were people at one other table and i believe _num_ people on staff .
0	sorry but not going back there again .
1	; and a totally inept management of the tables .
0	worst company ever .
1	right at _num_ , glasses were given out to a few tables around us .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	the restaurant was fairly busy with lots of customers chatting at their tables .
0	besides the staff being extremely unprofessional , the wait time is always long .
1	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
0	the place is not even kept up anymore .
1	we walked in and asked for a table for two .
0	i was disappointed .
1	korean barbecue requires either the patron or the server to cook at the table .
0	i wish i would have taken a picture .
1	waitress was throwing plates on the table .
0	the walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass .
1	then the manager finally came and sat us at a regular table .
0	mine was not very cold and his pour was light .
1	we went around _num_ and waited _num_ min or so for a table .
0	this is the worst spot on walnut st !
1	after a lengthy wait we ended up sitting at separate tables .
0	but i 'd suggest you not !
1	ultimately , there was confusion about who was responsible for our table .
0	it was a tofu , vegetables , and wide rice noodles entree .
1	finally got a table and the waitress was awful .
0	breaking off buttons then charging to put back on .
1	the table was not completely cleared nor reset when we were seated .
0	i would hate to lose this place !
1	the restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table .
0	gross much ?
1	she did n't come to our table and apologize for the ribs or chicken .
0	it was made of wood .
1	i asked why there is a wait as nearly all the tables were open .
0	we had reservations for _num_ people at 7pm this past saturday .
1	two tables total seated eating .
0	this is by far the worst thai restaurant i 've ever been to .
1	sadly , this was the last time that she ever came to our table .
0	hostess was great , service was adequate .
1	sure enough , a few minutes later it was on my table .
0	stay away from them like the plague if possible .
1	dirty plates were sitting in our table for a long time .
0	the eastern european girl at the register is awful .
1	they were full except one table that the guests behind me quickly claimed .
0	not very impressed with my last two trips here .
1	in fact the room we sat in had approximately _num_ open tables .
0	lastly , i 've had some really poor customer service experiences at this location .
1	the small staff could just not get people to tables quickly enough !
0	i 've worked at steak n shake before .
1	all the tables around us came , ate and left .
0	no drinks .
1	the tables probably had n't been cleaned in years .
0	it was downhill from there .
1	another sour note , they dropped off some spring rolls at our table .
0	the service as mentioned was poor .
1	the place is not clean , the table we sat was sticky .
0	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
1	service was very awkward , like i was his first table -- ever .
0	this last experience was by far the most disappointing .
1	i think our server was just too busy with three other relatively big tables .
0	the store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards .
1	downstairs tables are too close .
0	ugly .
1	they kept the beer and wine flowing at our table at every visit .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	they have tables but really low seats and some tables with high stools .
0	i 'll limit my visits until i find that treasure .
1	honestly , they should get rid of the tables and add more beer taps .
0	i stand by my decision : pass .
1	at our table and then left prior to ordering .
0	def not worth the wait .
1	tables , benches , whatever it is , dirty .
0	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
1	we left both our meals on the table and will not be back .
0	the morning of checkout my bill had not been placed under the door .
1	lots of tables and benches or chairs .
0	in the end , that bridesmaid got a partial refund for the dress .
1	however , she did n't bother , probably because we were n't her table .
0	they said it would take another two hours to start work .
1	some drinks were returned from the bar while some never reached the table .
0	strawberry pies being the exception to the rule .
1	tables were not very clean .
0	the spaghetti tasted no different than boxed pasta .
1	i physically left my whole meal and tray on the table and walked out .
0	incredibly unfriendly staff , completely clueless consultant .
1	it actually hurt my eyes to look at the table it was so bright .
0	they just came up with some excuse .
1	several _num_ or _num_ people groups at _num_ people tables .
0	i 'll probably never go back again .
1	tables were dirty .
0	it 's just generic stuff .
1	there are about _num_ tables and _num_ waitresses !
0	and the veal was dry .
1	dirty tables , i agree with the other reviews here .
0	the food is bland .
1	difficult to do when there are no tables available .
0	lost sale opportunity .
1	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
0	on top of that , my meatballs were quite dry , even in soup .
1	i also did not like that we were seated at a high top table .
0	you 've been warned !
1	`` the kept sitting people at the tables that only could accommodate large groups .
0	it 's not .
1	she cleaned off a table and sat us .
0	it came w duck ragu that was ice cold !
1	it looked like someone 's basement or garage with tables in it .
0	i 'd say , skip this one .
1	only 2-3 tables were being used .
0	kitchen staff was slow in execution especially for not having a big crowd .
1	he just crowded the plates onto the table while we scrambled to make room .
0	no one should have to go thru what i am currently going thru .
1	the table they sat us at , smelled so badly !
0	come now , i barely drink alcohol .
1	there were tables and servers ?
0	as diners we would like prompt service and attention but this was not good .
1	waitress wiped off table and pushed crumbs into my lap .
0	service here is pretty bad .
1	they really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room .
0	i was _num_ minutes early for the bus i was trying to catch .
1	she served us our drinks then immediately left for another table .
0	this showmars used to be awesome .
1	they squeezed _num_ people into _num_ small tables given the restaurant was fairly empty .
0	their staff is horribly rude that way .
1	server was prompt getting to the table , took our order and then disappeared .
0	very rude service was in line for ten mins .
1	the server left the menu 's on our table after we ordered .
0	i wish i did n't have to give even _num_ star .
1	we got there around _num_ and had no wait for a table .
0	look , stop being cheap .
1	at the same time she got sat another table of _num_ women .
0	i wish it were possible to give this place _num_ stars .
1	it 's fairly disgusting ( sticky tables , trash everywhere ) .
0	this company is the worst to deal with .
1	five people could n't see an opened table clearly behind them ?
0	then no , i have not gotten my beer .
1	i know they 're busy but they 're neglected just like the tables .
0	not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience .
1	we go in , there are about _num_ tables of seated customers .
0	because you could n't fit me in within a day i get screwed ?
1	i took the olive oil off the table next to ours .
0	but the place was disgusting and the cashier was incredibly rude .
1	server took almost _num_ minutes to come to table then blamed it on hostess .
0	do not use their car wash .
1	table of _num_ , we all ordered tasting menu with wine pairings .
0	it was by far the worst experience at a restaurant i have had .
1	sure , we walk past several empty tables and sit at the empty bar .
0	if i could rate this a zero , i would .
1	everyone else at the table hated their food .
0	nor good signs and we should have walked out then .
1	also , do n't leave fast food on a table in the dining area .
0	the washer and dryer was old .
1	all that said , the huge table of _num_ had left .
0	this place just keeps getting worse and worse .
1	the restaurant had several empty tables .
0	would not recommend it .
1	servers are chatting , not paying attention to tables .
0	delivery is slow and not even close to the best chinese in the area .
1	i am disappointed the table i was most concerned about is horrible .
0	actually there was nothing basement like about it .
1	do they even have tables for _num_ ?
0	guess it was ok ?
1	btw , those big tables were long gone by then .
0	i will not come for the second time .
1	as tables became available he would seat groups that he knew and/or had reservations .
0	usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese .
1	the owner gave that table to a local group who showed up after us .
0	his staff is embarrassed .
1	all working hard , but covering too many tables .
0	needless to say , we were unable to take advantage of any specials .
1	the tables were not wiped off and there was meat on the floor .
0	he literally walked around the restaurant to find someone , but could n't .
1	you could n't see the table there was so much food .
0	there is very little meat on the sandwich .
1	and there 's hardly any tables to sit at .
0	unfortunately , this is the only game in town .
1	the bar reeks of smoke and the bar table feels sticky .
0	most of the staff were borderline rude or down right rude .
1	not one , but two roaches crawling on the table .
0	being a pastry chef myself , i had to try it .
1	i had visiting family and they tried to sit us at separate tables ?
0	it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
1	a table of _num_ hungry guys did n't finish either appetizer .
0	plus i think i found a fry or two with the vegetables .
1	not a table in the bar area had been cleaned in that period .
0	rude .
1	they sent _num_ to a table of two .
0	cash only is really customer friendly as well .
1	i was encouraged when we walked in and saw individual tvs on each table .
0	filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
1	strike one - wait staff should shepherd small groups to small tables .
0	i ordered the pasta trio , and my husband ordered the risotto .
1	they do n't help you to find a table .
0	the chilli they use is worse than that mystery meat texas pete canned chilli .
1	there were no open tables , despite having reservations .
0	will not go eat there again !
1	i could n't hear the people at my own table it was so loud .
0	bug problem .
1	we sat there for about _num_ minutes with soup spilled all over the table .
0	so , i kept quiet against my better judgement .
1	a couple tables taken , but no sign of staff in the bar .
0	linda b august _num_ will never stay again !
1	so , we were n't allowed to sit at the bar or a table .
0	when i picked it up , it did not fit !
1	our meal did n't arrive to our table until _num_ 1/2 hours after ordering .
0	ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
1	we were ignored until i grabbed a table in the back .
0	but the attitude of this place could be better .
1	the table was also sticky and gross !
0	not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day .
1	the server never should have brought that plate to the table .
0	the coffee 's terrible .
1	each drink took about _num_ minutes to get to the table .
0	assistant manager says he had no way to contact delivery people for assistance .
1	we sat for _num_ minutes before a server came to our table .
0	she brought a pile of beverage napkins .
1	lastly , we made our reservations through open table , which was honored .
