0	and he had a cd setup -- seriously , cds , in _num_ .
1	the chicken tacos were disgusting .
0	described as having crab , lobster and shrimp .
1	the dang sour cream cost as much as the tacos but i like it .
0	we are not going back .
1	four tacos for $ _num_ .
0	carpet looks really dirty .
1	shrimp tacos : way too salty and overcooked .
0	i 'd give this store negative stars if there was an option .
1	thats some crap you see at taco bell !
0	i was so confused and annoyed that i just left after paying .
1	tacos were soaked in grease .
0	_num_ stars .
1	regular menu _num_ tacos , rice and beans $ _num_ ?
0	never going back .
1	the chicken taco was edible .
0	does n't anyone come and check this ?
1	according to taco bell 's website , they should have been open .
0	overall , a disappointing dining experience .
1	shrimp tacos were ok just on a basic bed of slaw for $ _num_ .
0	people are crazy about it but that thing tastes extremely ridiculous .
1	it blew my crappy tacos out of the water !
0	i disliked the cold cheese and cold pepperoni on so so crust .
1	at $ _num_ for a taco , the price was awesome .
0	you could n't at lease have made it look like you did your jobs ?
1	i ordered _num_ spicy potato taco and gave my debit card to the clerk .
0	do not sit by the windows because it was very cold .
1	taco bell was better .
0	thanks , but no .
1	i 'm out _num_ ( for _num_ tacos ) and no dinner to eat .
0	i can barely taste any calamari or zucchini .
1	taco bell cooks better .
0	the women at the front of the line had been waiting ten minutes .
1	the chicken taco and enchilada were ok.
0	i have never , ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom .
1	almost $ _num_ for the carne asada plate which included two small tacos .
0	do n't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes .
1	for the money , taco bell is way better .
0	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
1	the tacos are good , the service is bad .
0	mine were n't made because they had the wrong size lens .
1	mediocre tacos .
0	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
1	on this visit i choose the grilled chicken and steak tacos .
0	they screwed up my order and refused to fix it .
1	rolled tacos were decent , ca n't really mess that up .
0	worst tofu scramble ever .
1	for a taco bell , this one is horrible .
0	is it worth the $ _num_ cover on fridays ?
1	this place has awesome prices and tacos but the service really sucks .
0	the entire bag was a soggy mess .
1	why does n't del taco take a cue from pollo loco ?
0	they ended up calling two more over , but it took way too long .
1	tacos are now _num_ cents .
0	they did n't let people in because they claimed the room was not ready .
1	stopped in for a few tacos and found out they were _num_ cents now !
0	we ca n't pay something if we do n't know how much to pay .
1	my boyfriend said taco bell had better tacos than here .
0	was really excited to try this out .
1	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
0	there seems to be no consideration for customers at all .
1	nachos are chips with taco bell meat and obvious nacho cheese from a pump .
0	( i believe it was $ _num_ total . )
1	taco salad very dry .
0	i said it was ok and that i would rather have a mixed drink .
1	there is another taco bell down east washington .
0	it is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager .
1	in the end , would not recommend the taco bell .
0	the continental breakfast was ok but a little lackluster .
1	the beef taco meat was dried out , and without much flavor .
0	i was disappointed .
1	when i received my food , the meat in my tacos was burnt .
0	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
1	taco bell is losing my love .
0	fries are nothing special .
1	ordered a chicken taco , beef taco , tostada , bean burrito , chips .
0	alexander 's offers some of the worst italian food i 've ever had .
1	the juice from the tacos also made the tater tots extremely soggy .
0	she offered me two different stylists by name with no other information .
1	for lunch _num_ taco with rice and beans $ _num_ .
0	he could n't explain why he was asking the question either .
1	taco bell back then only existed in south western states .
0	this has only been my 2nd time at a red lobster ever .
1	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
0	she just disappeared again .
1	food quality is poor and is on par with taco bell .
0	completely unacceptable and disgusting to sell such expired food to your customers .
1	i thought i would try this place out and support my local taco shop .
0	fried items arrive a little on the cold and soggy side .
1	stopped by today and picked up a fish and chicken taco .
0	terrible .
1	the only dish that appeared worth ordering was the street tacos .
0	will not be returning .
1	and no one wants broken tacos !
0	_num_ .
1	greasy tacos , the only thing good was the spicy salsa .
0	there were no complaints with the chicken , the only star of this evening .
1	no wonder the taco was burnt .
0	in addition , they offered me tea , coffee , or water .
1	i do n't want jack in the box style tacos .
0	it is appalling to see what that place has become .
1	they used yellow cheese on my tacos .
0	prices were inflated for a limited valentines day menu .
1	my bf 's shrimp tacos were better and had a few bites of his .
0	but for those considering a long distance purchase , just beware a bit .
1	like taco bell , but not as fancy .
0	why post a closing time if it is n't honored ?
1	the beef taco is shredded beef , which was good ( to me ) .
0	we 'll feed these to our dogs when we get home .
1	$ _num_ for two fish tacos ?
0	over time i 've been ignored , greeted with `` what do you want ?
1	my $ _num_ could have been better spent at taco bell tonight .
0	stayed at the hotel and booked two massages .
1	we got the machaca hard tacos and the machaca was so bland .
0	terrible customer service !
1	the fish tacos -- -they tasted very , very , very fishy .
0	it turned into a giant mess .
1	ordered the fish n shrimp tacos and i was pretty disappointed !
0	we felt bad , and stuck around .
1	i had had the taco salad and was very disappointed .
0	this is on a weekend ( saturday night - sunday morning ) .
1	give del taco over on ray & dobson your business instead of this place !
0	total waste of money .
1	i ordered the chicken deep fried tacos .
0	is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on ?
1	i got the shredded chicken and the carnitas tacos .
0	zero stars .
1	the corn taco shells have been shiny with grease on the last 3-4 visits .
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	do n't go on taco tuesday .
0	not here .
1	the taco is where this rating went from an edible _num_ to a _num_ .
0	i 've had better burgers almost everywhere .
1	fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks .
0	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a lot more flavor .
1	so next time i suppose i should try that instead of the chicken tacos .
0	the coffee is okay , nothing special .
1	i personally ordered the lobster and shrimp tacos and they were served cold .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	i just went in here and got some tacos for lunch .
0	i do n't recommend at all .
1	tried a beef taco for _num_ had two of them .
0	the first visit took almost seven hours , not _num_ .
1	i ordered fish tacos , which maybe that was my first mistake .
0	this is ridiculous .
1	i ordered a chicken enchilada and a beef taco , no sides .
0	thai gourmet a few blocks down is awesome ... too bad they were closed .
1	i ordered a shredded beef taco and my wife got the chicken con queso .
0	_num_ .
1	this del taco is n't in the best place of town .
0	not worth the time and money to go here .
1	perhaps one day i will again venture to this taco bell .
0	unfortunately , it is yet another example of poorly made americanized italian food .
1	the fish fry and fish tacos were the worst .
0	ordered the pho and it was mediocre and forgettable .
1	they messed up tacos , how can a mexican place mess up tacos ?
0	in summary the service is very questionable .
1	i ordered the taco salad for my lunch .
0	every single time i go through the drive-thru i do n't get a straw .
1	my pita was literally just meat , it looked like a ground beef taco .
0	not at this place .
1	ordered a combo : sour cream enchilada , taco and tostada .
0	i do n't think i 'm being harsh .
1	even taco bell 's tacos were better tasting than this one .
0	this is by far the absolute worst furniture experience i have encountered .
1	_num_ minutes to make _num_ fish tacos and they screwed up the order .
0	worse than store freezer pizza .
1	i had the two enchiladas and shredded taco plate , about $ _num_ .
0	and service is piss poor and understaffed .
1	i ordered a ground beef taco that had an abundance of onions in it .
0	despite the cost of the set we had to pay $ _num_ for delivery .
1	unfortunately , a person in our party found a hair in their taco .
0	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
1	twenty minutes for _num_ tacos ?
0	worst food in pittsburgh .
1	i ordered the hard shell carne asada tacos , they were awful .
0	every january i buy _num_ months worth of cheese for my family members .
1	big taco bell fan just not this location .
0	i think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside .
1	entree _num_ : fish tacos .
0	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
1	now , my street tacos on the other hand is a completely different story .
0	worst service i 've had in a long time .
1	the pizza , mac n cheese , and tacos were horrible .
0	it tends to bring in the worst of people .
1	this time however there was a bone in my shredded chicken taco .
0	_num_ star for food , gross !
1	beef taco was ok.
0	i think it was overpriced for a pittsburgh restaurant as well .
1	my husband ordered the margarita pizza & i ordered the shrimp tacos with rice .
0	unfortunately , that was the high point of this service .
1	my husband and i got the shredded beef tacos and enchiladas .
0	we also ordered max 's famous reuben , nothing famous about it .
1	i 've waited longer at taco bell , and had better tacos .
0	are you kidding me - not even inspected prior to delivery .
1	the meat was ok but the taco itself was very greasy .
0	his poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday .
1	and it 's not very busy to wait so long for tacos .
0	no more trying out different thai places in the city .
1	went there the other night and tacos were extremely cold !
0	just be sure to make your appointment with someone with experience .
1	um burrito or taco ?
0	they squeezed _num_ people into _num_ small tables given the restaurant was fairly empty .
1	did n't seem that way , as i said my taco was pretty good .
0	the only good thing was free parking out back .
1	the tacos were decent but the rice and beans were horrible .
0	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
1	been eating here a few months now and usually get the shredded beef tacos .
0	very stupid management .
1	i really did n't like the tacos .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	had _num_ beef tacos and rice ... .
0	wake up or you are going to lose your business .
1	taco bell has more seasonings .
0	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
1	i like del taco it reminds me of might taco in buffalo ny .
0	this hotel is really dated , and the rooms smell funny .
1	but this is the hands down the worst location del taco owns .
0	at this point , i am done .
1	taco bell is almost closed , so where else to go ?
0	we wasted $ _num_ on spoiled food .
1	the tacos were extremely fishy and not cooked very well .
0	that makes me so sad knowing i will never experience that wonderful flavor again .
1	burnt meat on _num_ tacos and a burrito .
0	they drowned my salad in ranch dressing and cheese ... .
1	the shrimp tacos are mediocre at best .
0	the egg roll was soggy and cold .
1	`` two regular tacos , no sauce , extra lettuce . ''
0	it should n't take _num_ minutes to get a dozen bagels .
1	this had to be the worst del taco i have ever been in .
0	did n't get our food until after _num_ .
1	after that , our tacos were not so appetizing !
0	apparently this was a bad choice .
1	go next door to taco bell or whataburger .
0	if your not a chain smoker , opt for takeout .
1	the taco was literally soaked in greasy sauce .
0	too pricey for the quality .
1	hate to say it but i would rather eat at taco bell .
0	now i really wish we would have .
1	and my tacos were crammed with lettuce .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	i ordered the plate with the _num_ tacos , and either rice or beans .
0	maybe it 's nostalgia for the cigar but i thought he looked ridiculous .
1	i would not order the two taco lunch again .
0	like i said , i wo n't be back .
1	i receive them , and they 're skimpy like taco bell !
0	typical diner look and menu .
1	the meat in the taco was seasoned really weird .
0	will never return to the store .
1	this is the worst taco bell i 've ever been to .
0	while the greens were decent , there were barely enough for a few bites .
1	after tonight , f -- - del taco !
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	this used to be my favorite taco bell in the madison area .
0	maybe i went on a bad day but the food was pretty darn terrible .
1	chicken tacos were not very good .
0	very pricey food , cash only , average food .
1	tacos were cold , soggy and tasted microwaved .
0	the service was awful .
1	the salsa did help but overall they were weak tacos .
0	and then she said `` no , what kind of dress . ''
1	_num_ minutes for six tacos is ridiculous .
0	waitress never apologized .
1	fish taco had _num_ % cabbage on it n barely any fish .
0	poor attention to detail , poor quality .
1	the tacos were oily and bland .
0	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
1	worst taco bell in the area .
0	took nearly two hours for everyone in our party to get our food .
1	watered down shrimp cocktail , and al pastor tacos that were really not flavorful .
0	server was very slow and was n't attentive .
1	and for one taco it apparently cost $ _num_ .
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	i disagree , this taco bell is not the best .
0	the prices are cheap , but it 's not worth it .
1	the crunchy taco shell was so stale cardboard would have tasted fresher .
0	i guess i expected fabulous -- but everything was just good , nothing spectacular .
1	my taco and tostada were just alright .
0	they put way too much cheese on everything .
1	the husband had a shredded beef enchilada & taco combo .
0	stopped in before the panthers sunday night game .
1	my quesadilla was a bean taco , yup definitely not a quesadilla .
0	way too much cheese .
1	this del taco even makes taco bell seem like four star dining !
0	the specials and menu prices are apparently wrong .
1	how hard is it to screw up a taco ?
0	i have been a customer of sesame inn for many , many years .
1	i ordered a combo plate , trying a beef enchilada and a chicken taco .
0	turned out to be way more hassle than it was worth .
1	the fish taco was good , but the chicken taco was really sloppy .
0	for many , many years i had the same massage therapist .
1	i ordered my usual - shredded beef tacos .
0	zero flavor and the mushrooms were canned .
1	we had carne asada tacos and there was almost no flavor at all .
0	so pissed !
1	every taco my irish mother has ever made was better than this one .
0	was somewhat disappointed with my order from bagel factory today .
1	i ca n't even figure out where one taco begins or ends .
0	i was forced to locate another vet when i adopted a new kitten .
1	the worst mexican ever felt the quality was better at taco bell .
0	later they apologize for the error .
1	well , i get the burrito and taco and head home .
0	and the quality of them are bad .
1	just go further down east wash if you need a crappy taco fix .
0	food was _num_ out of _num_ for this type of bar / restaurant .
1	sour cream and lime extra charge for your tacos ?
0	the sandwich sucked ; no flavor , no excitement .
1	the taco was soggy from the tasteless enchilada sauce .
0	lidia should be embarrassed .
1	he got buffalo tacos and the tortilla 's were not even warm .
0	she admitted it was she who answered yet refused to accommodate her mistake .
1	worst taco bell ever !
0	we got there around _num_ and had no wait for a table .
1	i 'm sure it 's like every other taco shop on mcdowell .
0	( oh , heck no ! )
1	the fish tacos tasted extremely fishy and not in a good way .
0	how can a restaurant not have proper seating for its paying customers ?
1	i ordered a chicken taco ( crispy ) and a spinach and mushroom enchilada .
0	they told me it was it was because i was booking with the owner .
1	be warned that the ground beef tacos are n't very good .
0	no appointments available for tomorrow .
1	i did n't order anything else so this rating is just based off tacos .
0	somewhat generic , but the espresso gets the job done .
1	the was n't even enough chicken in the burrito to make a taco .
0	_num_ . )
1	the chicken soft tacos were ok .
0	for the entree , i ordered rigatoni and my fiance had baked ziti .
1	i ordered _num_ chicken tacos and _num_ steak taco .
0	chicken chewy and rubbery .
1	seriously i would prefer to eat at taco bell than return here !
0	slow .
1	taco shells were old -- meat was tasteless -- rice was cold .
0	wrong !
1	now like i said i just wanted a little guac for my tacos .
0	the service was very slow .
1	i had a chicken taco and the chicken tasted canned .
0	is it terrible ?
1	he also commented on the lack of meat on a few of the tacos .
0	the crust is not homemade , pretty sure .
1	i would rather eat taco bell , and i do n't like taco bell .
0	over all this meal was a wash .
1	if i wanted crap i would go to taco bell .
0	a breakfast sandwich had weird burnt meat on it .
1	had the # _num_ taco , beef enchilada and tostada .
0	well , my update has half of my original rating .
1	it 's not worth it , even for _num_ cent tacos !
0	otherwise i would have brought him with me and we could have dined in !
1	del taco you need more professional involved with your company .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	i had the tortilla soup and the grilled chicken tacos .
0	for example , at my most recent visit i ordered the steak gorgonzola alfredo .
1	i have lost all faith in taco bell .
0	my sleep and stay was ruined .
1	do n't get the shrimp tacos !
0	we waited almost _num_ minutes for water glasses to be brought to the table .
1	so she got me the street side tacos for me to munch on .
0	i got nowhere until i asked that a count of the register receipts .
1	honestly , tasted like taco bell on a poor day .
0	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
1	the beef taco was horrible .
0	no hello on entering .
1	i just got three rolled tacos with rice and beans for _num_ $ .
0	this giant eagle maybe the worst supermarket i 've ever been to .
1	they advised me to take the tacos back and speak to a manager .
0	the server even tried pushing a diners club program on us !
1	i hate you taco bell .
0	no big deal .
1	the beef in my tacos was ground fine .
0	yet again , not one courtesy call , nothing resolved .
1	taco bell , you have lost me and my co-workers as customers .
0	well ok i guess .
1	not to mention they offer hard tacos .
0	terribly salty `` lobster roll '' on greasy bread .
1	`` i could get something just like this at del taco . ''
0	there were no pictures hung in the room to improve the appearance .
1	i once went _num_ years without eating at a taco bell .
0	the market square location has the most horrible service i 've ever experienced .
1	my daughter had two shredded beef tacos for $ _num_ , filling .
0	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
1	had the fish tacos and would rate them a _num_ .
0	poor customer service .
1	_num_ thumbs down , i 'm going to taco bell for now on .
0	i used to love this place , but the service is horrible now .
1	the carne asada tacos were gross .
0	what a completely miserable experience .
1	chicken , cheese tacos came with no chicken .
0	delivery was late , our gyros were cold and fries were soggy .
1	that is something that this particular location of taco bell sorely lacks .
0	really a _num_ star .
1	also , the artichoke dip , sliders and tacos .
0	all i got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless .
1	so i ordered the tacos at $ _num_ each .
0	stopped by sunday morning .
1	did n't put the lime in the fish tacos .
0	there are a few of them and there 's really nowhere else to go .
1	i orders the tacos which i did not know were fried .
0	loaded with cheese that had pools of grease swimming on it .
1	the taco plate was skimpy and bland .
0	no checks .
1	i 'd rather stick to rubio 's for tacos .
