0	better deals and better food at a mall food court .
1	it was just average and did n't really have any taste .
0	but kitchen has a lot of problems .
1	it tasted worse than it looked ( if that was possible ) .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	i 'm no barbeque expert but this food plain did n't taste good .
0	but rather good could n't complain .
1	like , i was shocked by how much it tasted like nothing .
0	maybe they can use the money to buy some real food .
1	the salads on the menu sound good but taste awful .
0	the service is terrible !
1	who cares what i think though , everyone has a different taste .
0	also , white tortillas just do not do it for me .
1	provolone sticks arrived undercooked , cheese was fully solid , they tasted okay .
0	chicken fried chicken for three of us and my wife had the sizzling peppers .
1	my biggest issue was the utter lack of any taste .
0	i would n't even give this place a star for this reason !
1	i could n't even taste garlic in it .
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	the fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw .
0	very dry .
1	it smelled and tasted awful .
0	they ended up making a new one and the wait was over _num_ minutes .
1	tasted bland for what is supposed to be a very flavorful dish .
0	mortified by this , my wife and i quickly finished and left .
1	it did n't taste bad by any means , but not restaurant quality .
0	there are a few of them and there 's really nowhere else to go .
1	the salad had way too much iceberg lettuce and tasted like crap .
0	horrible customer service .
1	( did i mention they tasted like old fryer grease ? )
0	unfortunately , they were very disappointing .
1	i could n't taste salt or pepper or garlic or even feel any heat .
0	the inside looked a bit old and run down .
1	it all had no taste !
0	the menu was pretty random and everything we tried was really average .
1	i also ordered provolone sticks which also did not taste good .
0	after waiting for 5-10 minutes , she went back to the sales person .
1	the chicken tasted like mystery meat .
0	then there 's the main restaurant that i really was n't that impressed with .
1	it tasted like that yellow spray they use on grills .
0	finally , _num_ mins later ... that 's one hour , folks .
1	it did n't taste like anything !
0	it was decently greasy and the crust was n't all that special .
1	it looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked .
0	if you really hate someone , you should take them to this restaurant .
1	i could n't get the taste of char out of my mouth .
0	we were rushed through our meals like we were n't wanted !
1	the taste is reminiscent of pho but is n't quite right .
0	okay thai food , nothing special , and overpriced .
1	the macaroni was good , they used cream cheese or something that tasted okay .
0	they really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room .
1	none of these tasted good , tom yum soup was kinda disgusting .
0	none of us even like onions .
1	i 'm not a big foodie but i like my food taste better .
0	it 's a shame .
1	this stuff looked and tasted more like doughy noodles .
0	ridiculous .
1	there was absolutely no seasoning on them and they had zero taste .
0	completely disappointing .
1	the whole burger just tasted like nothing .
0	and i replied , `` no , i 'm sorry .
1	the sauce tasted like sugar and the crust was bland .
0	they are completely mean and disrespectful .
1	gone was the flavor and little taste of spicy burn at the end .
0	aside from just being terrible , she was also unfriendly .
1	first of all , house chianti tasted like vinegar .
0	we had the worst experience at this place !
1	my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick .
0	really poor service and way overpriced .
1	it tasted like charcoal .
0	i had to spit the oyster out in a napkin .
1	the lettuce tastes old and rubbery ... not in this case .
0	every single time i go through the drive-thru i do n't get a straw .
1	miso soup had an odd taste this visit .
0	not to mention the constant slow internet .
1	no taste .
0	even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were .
1	the wild boar ravioli tasted fine , but the presentation was seriously lacking .
0	dead malls are sad , for some reason .
1	looks and taste both scored a _num_ out of _num_ .
0	and everything is ala carte !
1	it tasted like milk and no coffee .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	potato pancakes taste like they had vinegar in them .
0	the prices here can be ridiculous .
1	when i started to eat , it tasted just as odd .
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	it tasted like hot chocolate .
0	it 's the size of a closet , completely messy , and disorganized .
1	the terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago ?
0	food is n't good either .
1	it was all i could taste .
0	the only flavors were vinegar and pepper .
1	they use some oil which smell different that killed the taste of my pizza .
0	_num_ ) the catfish was a complete fish with bones .
1	when finally the entree arrived it was relatively without taste .
0	they were frozen and certainly not worth the price .
1	the chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer .
0	styrofoam plates and plastic forks .
1	tasted very good , but i was disappointed in how dirty this place is .
0	over-priced , slow , very dirty , and an overall sketchy vibe .
1	there is a bitter taste in my mouth about lotus grocery .
0	hostess was very awkward when seating us .
1	their sandwiches taste terrible as well , they 've always been terrible .
0	want to sit in the bar area ?
1	bland and soggy as we 've ever tasted .
0	we were starving waiting on our food .
1	it did not taste authentic .
0	if i could give this place less than one star , i would .
1	made the beer in plastic taste worse .
0	service is not friendly .
1	the rice tasted like a flavorless mush with chewy `` pork '' .
0	the mashed potatoes were lukewarm at best , and the vegetables were cold .
1	my breakfast burrito tasted like nothing and a our food was cold .
0	what i got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich .
1	but i already had a bad taste in my mouth .
0	later on , we saw them on our bill .
1	the beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating .
0	the crust was hard and flavorless .
1	tastes plain & over cooked .
0	no hello on entering .
1	the food did n't taste right .
0	if you send them an email , they do n't check it .
1	bought the store 's speciality sausages - bland and tasted of spoiled meat .
0	why it 's locked i do n't know .
1	not much oyster taste , just the taste of the breading .
0	drink prices are n't anything special and cocktails are n't that strong .
1	our vegetables were so soft , they all tasted the same , mushy .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	the spaghetti tasted no different than boxed pasta .
0	faux wood floor makes everything echo .
1	crust tasted like frozen pizza crust .
0	it looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich .
1	cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal .
0	Neutral
1	i tasted the pizza and the crust was undercooked and burnt on the edges .
0	i will never go back to that place again .
1	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
0	first , their clothing is arranged by color , not by size .
1	the red sauce tasted like it was ketchup with sugar added .
0	but my hubby did n't know any better .
1	presentation was so so and the taste of the food was mediocre .
0	after standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check .
1	the blueberry mojito had an overpowering taste of rum .
0	it just is n't up my alley though .
1	the coffee was expensive and tasted like dirt .
0	_num_ .
1	people are crazy about it but that thing tastes extremely ridiculous .
0	i ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu .
1	both tasted very fishy to me .
0	had n't even read the reviews beforehand .
1	tasted like sauce and cheese on toast .
0	i hate olive garden .
1	i tried one but could not taste the chicken but otherwise it tasted okay .
0	i was also disappointed that they do n't serve brown rice .
1	the bleu cheese dressing , though , tasted pretty good .
0	ultimately , i was n't very impressed .
1	it did n't taste fresh at all .
0	the stylist did n't come back after a couple minutes .
1	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
0	very poor customer service , and that 's too bad .
1	unfortunately what i got tasted like a canned sauce with minced onions .
0	the most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat .
1	the potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed .
0	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
1	i wo n't be going back , just because my personal taste .
0	waitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order desserts .
1	it did n't taste fresh , almost frozen at one point and microwaved .
0	thumbs down !
1	the chicken and beef had no seasoning that i could taste at all .
0	i really was sold at one point .
1	it literally tasted and looked like everything came out of a old can .
0	this place was a huge disappointment for me .
1	the pad thai was bland and generic , and tasted almost gummy .
0	i dunno .
1	taste like noodles , salt , and water .
0	this is the worst spot on walnut st !
1	it doesnt taste like an actual japanese cuisine , it is very chinese .
0	well , i have never felt more embarrassed in a situation .
1	the crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic .
0	was trying to find a rating lower than _num_ star but could n't .
1	and the garlic wings did n't taste like garlic .
0	there was mildew on the floors of my bathroom and bathtub .
1	the seasoning certainly did not taste cajun to me .
0	in a word : forgettable .
1	the lo mien tasted way too greasy and was flavorless .
0	another $ _num_ .
1	the cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert .
0	at that point , she said i 'll grab you water and bread .
1	it was a neon pink color and tasted like dried out chewy dog food .
0	grilled octopus : where 's the octopus ?
1	even the water tasted weird .
0	i would highly encourage others to go elsewhere .
1	each dish tasted like it had the same sauce as a base .
0	it was dry and average , at best .
1	i could n't even taste the crab !
0	boxes and toys were all over the floor in the store .
1	but they use the cheapest meats they can find and you can taste it .
0	they are taken over by a very large mega restaurant chain corporation .
1	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
0	there are ash trays and packs of cigarettes lying around .
1	sorry just had my first taste of pierogies plus .
0	i no longer have to carry around my terrible , terrible secret .
1	my girlfriend ordered sesame chicken and it tasted like fish .
0	half the time you do n't understand what they speak in english .
1	the filling in the middle had a bland taste , nothing special about it .
0	all right , now i 'm really done .
1	the meat balls had absolute no taste , kind of like cardboard .
0	i did n't leave a tip and i am a former server !
1	tastes like crap but whatever , they serve it .
0	i did n't see a piece of lump crab anywhere .
1	the salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner .
0	i ordered two orders of soup hot and sour and egg drop .
1	alas , the bisque tasted like wheat paste .
0	most of the time , they 're downright rude .
1	way too salty , cheese tasted like crap .
0	awkward .
1	the salad was nasty , iceberg with some dressing that tasted like onions .
0	i really could n't believe this .
1	this place has the worst french fries i have ever tasted .
0	all it would have take n was a new pizza and wings .
1	not much of a coconut taste either .
0	both experiences have been terrible .
1	maybe those light fixtures would have tasted better than the lasagna ?
0	been here twice ; both times it was an awful experience .
1	it tasted and looked like rice .
0	_num_ there service is awful , _num_ there prices are awful .
1	the hollandaise sauce was sour and had a horrible vinegar taste to it .
0	but sadly , it was n't .
1	the fish and chips looked great but it did n't taste like anything !
0	nothing special .
1	the wings came out wings , but lacked any sort of taste in it .
0	avoid if you want anything but americanized junk food .
1	i could taste absolutely nothing from her veal .
0	they gave me my cast and i left at _num_ .
1	did not taste like hibachi at all .
0	instead of caramelized onions , they added raw onions .
1	all i tasted was burnt oil .
0	$ _num_ side dishes .
1	food taste was not that great for the money we are paying .
0	had to call off it was just to cold out !
1	ordered crab cakes , they were dry and the crab tasted old as well .
0	it was very disappointing .
1	the cauliflower was good but there spinach all i tasted was vinegar .
0	i wish i could give it more stars , but really it was disappointing .
1	all i could taste was the overwhelming chemical , fake garlic flavor .
0	look , stop being cheap .
1	we ordered the turkey reuben that tasted funky on day old potato pancakes .
0	too busy with your iphone ?
1	the thing is the fish does not taste fresh at all !
0	this is piss poor excuse for a turkish restaurant .
1	the veggies were about average , not fresh , but did n't taste gross .
0	i was exceptionally disappointed .
1	i never tasted such an overwhelming orange dish in my life .
0	i pushed it away ugh !
1	tandoori chicken does n't taste like one etc .
0	it was n't pan fried either .
1	oily , greasy and bad taste .
0	the chicken was flavorless and tough .
1	and for me i 'd rather pay more to get better tasting food .
0	just so bland !
1	and coming to the taste it is horrible .
0	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
1	they were cold but did not taste fresh .
0	when we called they said no payment , no dogs .
1	way too much pepper or spices , and i could hardly taste the cheese .
0	i ordered the margarita , sauce , cheese and basil .
1	it tasted very much like the brown sauce was burnt .
0	on most visits it takes em about _num_ minutes .
1	very bland and it actually tasted baked not grilled .
0	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
1	looks better than it tastes .
0	thus , it makes me sad to write a negative review .
1	not even the potato pancakes tasted good .
0	bad !
1	the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
0	not acceptable .
1	szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
0	the restaurant was n't even half full .
1	everything tasted like nothing .
0	i feel like i should only be spending maybe $ _num_ .
1	it was very bland , and did n't taste like anything .
0	after i ordered , the waiter came back twice .
1	nothing tasted bad but it was way too expensive .
0	_num_ min from when seated . )
1	the chicken wings tasted like fake butter and rubber .
0	it gets packed .
1	overcooked , tough and tasted like it had gone bad .
0	anything dealing with food is a train wreck .
1	it was very bland and did n't have a lot of taste to it .
0	they just lost a loyal customer ... never again .
1	we then said : it tastes like peanut butter and she replied : really ?
0	last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked .
1	the guacamole tasted stale and had the wrong consistency .
0	we ate breakfast food at 2:30 am after the bars closed .
1	after that , everything else is what i consider the personal taste part .
0	i liked the atmosphere but the food was way too salty .
1	nothing i had tasted good .
0	the breadsticks are alway delish and hard to turn away eating more .
1	the color of the dish was as bland as the taste .
0	at the time , it was the premier cigar shop in the pittsburgh area .
1	see pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry .
0	, but a couple places in charlotte made me like it again .
1	third , the food was lacking in proper seasoning and without any taste .
0	i 've been wanting to stop in here for the longest time .
1	where do you find apples and feta cheese with no taste ?
0	the pizza at this place is o.k .
1	but does n't nutella tastes like peanut butter to you ?
0	worst service ever !
1	it did n't look appetizing , nor did it actually taste appetizing .
0	i get to the room and the electronic key does not work .
1	creole tasted like a can of crushed tomatoes .
0	slow .
1	maybe we had a bad taste in our mouth already .
0	you can definitely get better vietnamese elsewhere in the city .
1	it tasted like it came out of a walmart freezer on clearance .
0	rice is a little plain but i just add some soy sauce .
1	but last few times i have gone it has not taste the same .
0	very disappointed .
1	it tasted rotten and disgusting .
0	the last two times i have been there were not good .
1	the seafood tasted old .
0	it was loud , but expected that on a friday night .
1	it tasted old and not very sweet .
0	unacceptable .
1	their texture was rubbery and they had a `` reheated '' taste to them .
0	and never refilled our empty water glasses .
1	this place did n't have the authentic taste i was looking for .
0	worst hotel i have yet to stay in as a consultant .
1	and the vegetables just did n't have a clean taste to them .
0	i figured palace like this would have made their own strawberry topping .
1	i can barely taste any calamari or zucchini .
0	my party and i left to go to another restaurant .
1	either my tastes have improved or the quality has gone downhill .
0	the range itself had terrible ventilation .
1	the breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable .
0	it also was served at room temperature .
1	the food was okay but lacked the spices and taste .
0	we also had a serious problem with the timing of the food .
1	i am upset to report that this tasted rather bland .
0	horrible service .
1	nor is there any hint of a true thai taste .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	the macaroni & cheese tasted like off brand cheese mixed with heavy butter .
0	_num_ but i rounded down .
1	this stuff tasted like really cheap , bad , ranch dressing .
0	mixed drinks are way too pricey for the location .
1	the outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste .
0	when we checked out i spoke to manager & showed her my bites .
1	my son and i then tasted it ... understood the face after that .
0	this was a mistake .
1	absolutely no taste .
0	no checks .
1	then i tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
0	by `` multiple times '' i mean _num_ or _num_ times .
1	a lobster and seafood sub that tasted like a salt and seafood sub .
0	however , i ca n't let this slide : your claw machine is bullshit .
1	the chicken was all dark meat and tasted aweful .
0	she said it was salty but the pasta was bland .
1	there was nothing memorable about the taste of it whatsoever .
0	he was very rude to us .
1	the chicken was flavorless tasted like flour .
0	however , they have several cooked selections .
1	the pizza was just sweet without much other taste , almost like ketchup !
0	shower shoes , i never leave home without them !
1	it tasted more steamed than hot grilled .
0	tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold .
1	the locals that like this joint must have smoker destroyed taste buds .
0	the wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor .
1	it tasted like nothing .
0	also : $ _num_ for pho does not make for hole-in-the-wall pricing .
1	i could n't taste salt , pepper , garlic , anything .
0	no salad .
1	food tasted ok and was brought out really quick , hence the _num_ stars .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	our food tasted frozen and overcooked .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	corn bread just taste bad .
0	mine was just disappointing .
1	the service was horrible and their coffee did n't taste great .
0	weekend : dont bother .
1	ugh ... way overpriced , same taste as the food court at the mall .
0	`` apologies for the mistake .
1	the sauce they were drowning in seemed to have almost a chemical taste .
0	horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts .
1	lamb tasted like the grill and not at all like lamb .
0	it 's fairly disgusting ( sticky tables , trash everywhere ) .
1	it tasted nothing like pork , or meat for that matter .
0	at tram 's , the pho bowl is small .
1	pasta trio had the worst sauce i have ever tasted .
0	the salespeople are not pushy .
1	no taste at all .
0	i quickly ate and left to make my movie .
1	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
0	very sad that there are people out there taking advantage of per owners .
1	the did n't look or taste like pretzels , rather like breadsticks .
0	plus the bread was poor quality .
1	shrimp and broccoli both tasted like freezer .
0	the menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive .
1	the wings were the most mediocre wings i have ever tasted .
