0	unfortunately , i learned this the hard way .
1	sorry to tell ya my fellow yelpers !
0	the waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves .
1	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
0	Positive
1	many people told me to go here and i was totally disappointed !
0	never ever get the all-you-can-eat .
1	told the test would be $ _num_ .
0	for the price of everything , it was not worth it all .
1	we told them just make the drinks , forget the food .
0	the only dish we liked was the chicken dish .
1	if i closed my eyes i would n't be able to tell them apart .
0	total mess .
1	i can not tell you how mad this company makes me .
0	was n't impressed .
1	i told her i need a friday after _num_ any week .
0	this time we literally got sat at a table in the kitchen hallway .
1	he was told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppies and pepsi .
0	my friend 's nails looked like a _num_ year old did them .
1	to tell the truth , the service ran along the lines of pretty poor .
0	the outer shell was soggy and the filling made me gag a little .
1	my gut just tells me not to trust e 'n ps .
0	so disappointed !
1	despite the place being empty the mean lady told us to wait outside .
0	visited with a party of _num_ last weekend for a friend 's birthday .
1	the security guard at the front door tells me the cab just left .
0	fries with burger were luke warm .
1	the one lady who told us our car was ready was rude !
0	the customer almost feels like they are bothering the workers .
1	was told it would n't be long .
0	description said grain mustard cole slaw and pickles .
1	you can tell i really hate this shit .
0	on the other hand , the fried pickles were great .
1	the girl behind the desk told me it was $ _num_ per box .
0	walking into the hotel , it smelled stale .
1	i was told by my party that the chicken was good in the enchilada .
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
1	i do n't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid .
0	but my hubby did n't know any better .
1	the store told them that they have problems with that manufacturer all the .
0	i 'm very disappointed .
1	but truth be told , i 'll probably be back .
0	the food was all bland and tasteless .
1	i ca n't even begin to tell you how they treated me !
0	the food was also not too good .
1	i repeated what i needed and they told me no , no , no .
0	i just paid the bill and we left and went to eat n park .
1	waitress comes back to tell me that i 'm wrong and walks away .
0	worst bar i have ever been to .
1	she told me she would check into it and call me back .
0	so , yeah , the smell .
1	i told them how disappointed i was in the lack of customer service .
0	so frustrated .
1	my aunt thought she went on a break and did n't bother telling us .
0	we also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good , also .
1	i could hardly tell it was music let alone actually hear anything .
0	if zero was an option that is what i would rate them !
1	she apologized and said no one had told her that we were there .
0	i asked our server why they had n't mentioned this when we came in .
1	manager never came back to tell us that all were reserved for others .
0	so when i got back to the office , i went online and checked .
1	the hostess told me that there were not three ladies sitting together .
0	no tip , never coming back .
1	i will tell everyone how horrible she is and how she is a liar !
0	Neutral
1	but let me tell you , i was highly disappointed .
0	i can only believe it 's because there are no other deli 's downtown .
1	no one bothered to tell me that they were running late .
0	do n't worry but i wo n't come close to this restaurant again .
1	no dice , he told me that i had to go .
0	this place is extremely overrated .
1	i immediately notified the staff and was told the manager would be notified .
0	while it has a somewhat trendy looking menu , do n't be fooled .
1	they told me that would be _num_ each .
0	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
1	the technician was telling us how it was closed and had just reopened .
0	described as being served with butternut squash , brussel sprouts and cauliflower .
1	, then told i could chose from the board .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
0	i feel ripped off .
1	he came back and stated that they told him another _num_ minutes .
0	just when we thought the worst was over we were wrong .
1	had a _num_ am appointment and was told it would be a hour wait .
0	unfortunately , this is the only game in town .
1	i told the waitress and she said , `` oh , ok '' .
0	not the crusty italian bread .
1	they wo n't even bother to tell you that they will come !
0	we hopped this was a one off and not typical .
1	american airlines did n't tell people that .
0	when i picked up the sandwich grease poured from it .
1	do n't say i did n't tell you so .
0	the food is n't terrible , either , but it 's not great .
1	so i ca n't tell you how the food is .
0	things quickly got off to a bad start .
1	i tell him to cancel my order and give me a refund .
0	it is cheap food , and you get what you pay for .
1	was told a _num_ minute wait that turned into _num_ .
0	i wo n't be going here again .
1	i gave the car hop $ _num_ and told him to keep the change .
0	overall , this joint was not that great .
1	no sorry or who told you this .
0	sad to say the other reviews i read of this place are accurate .
1	you can tell that the place is wiped down but never deep cleaned .
0	it 's definitely not the worst i 've ever had .
1	you 're not allowed to browse and he will frequently tell you so .
0	i hate this place .
1	i asked wth and they told me , management change .
0	salad will come first , then a couple of dogs , then fries .
1	seems like our waitress had n't told her .
0	the steak was tough and tasteless .
1	i was told _num_ min .
0	i found all of this very unacceptable .
1	they told me it was it was because i was booking with the owner .
0	yep , this place is terrible .
1	we ate two each , then told the server we did n't want them .
0	worst wait times ever , staff is inefficient .
1	and why did you wait all that time to tell me ?
0	their market square location worse .
1	maria told me what the price was and it almost doubled upon pick up .
0	we wo n't be ordering from here again .
1	as soon as we told the server what we wanted the service went downhill .
0	never , ever use these incompetent people for property management .
1	he told me that 's not how it works .
0	they were super buttery ... too much so .
1	he told me he would call me back in _num_ minutes with the info .
0	but i just can not bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here .
1	so i do n't need to tell you how nasty that was .
0	the italian and mushroom steak hoagies were n't that great .
1	waitress could not tell us anything about the beers on tap .
0	my friend lives near here so i came to satisfy my deli sandwich craving .
1	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
0	all bad news .
1	let me tell you , this place is a big let down .
0	we also did n't get straws , or utensils for our food .
1	they charged us on the bill an additional _num_ dollars without telling us .
0	the chicken tacos were good .
1	well all i can tell you is shame on you .
0	i waited _num_ minutes for charred hamburger .
1	i told him that i would rather donate the items to a theater .
0	avoid .
1	he told me nothing was wrong with me .
0	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
1	waitress tells me no , i ordered scrambled .
0	worst parking lot in pittsburgh .
1	this should tell you it is not ok to stay there !
0	that is $ _num_ month from august to march .
1	i told him they are too noisy .
0	they said they had an appointment to taste wedding cakes .
1	she had no response and again told us we were essentially out of luck .
0	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
1	i told my server that the pizza was n't good .
0	then , i go to check out , my dinner was $ _num_ .
1	seriously that is what we were told .
0	we need more irish pubs and local old time watering holes .
1	tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed .
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	wish i was told they did have lake perch .
0	the food was bad , yo .
1	the nice guy behind the counter told me they were out of tuna salad .
0	awkward .
1	at 1:30 i asked about my vehicle and was told i was next .
0	disappointed .
1	they told me they wont give me the corporate number .
0	what was worse was the pizza was just average .
1	we got there at _num_ and was told an hour wait which was fine .
0	i ate a little bit , but i did n't want to finish it .
1	i told the server that the meat was dry , overcooked and old tasting .
0	this was my second time staying at this hotel with the same problem .
1	i told her that was no problem .
0	sushi is not flavorful at all .
1	then i was told it would take another _num_ minutes .
0	my guess is that it was that suspect sauce you put on that sandwich .
1	had i not asked she would never had told me .
0	no tofu , no seasoning or sauce .
1	she could n't tell me how much longer we would wait .
0	took nearly two hours for everyone in our party to get our food .
1	we were told it would be about _num_ mins .
0	_num_ minutes to get our bread and _num_ to get our appetizers .
1	i called ahead to order a gyro calzone and was told _num_ minutes .
0	what a joke of a company .
1	but she could n't tell me , because she did n't know .
0	could n't keep my eyes open !
1	no problem , i tell them .
0	but this was pretty bad .
1	was told it would be _num_ minutes for a small pizza and wings .
0	i would probably not come back .
1	the shuttle driver claimed he was never told about a _num_ pickup .
0	not even remotely convenient .
1	they could n't tell us when we would be seated .
0	show off how much money you can waste in a night .
1	we were told ) and only _num_ small bowls of chips for _num_ people .
0	service -- - probably the worst service i 've ever had there .
1	no one bothered to tell us that the pool was out of commission .
0	this also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future .
1	the gentleman told me it would be about _num_ minutes .
0	_num_ .
1	stay away and tell your friends to not support this shop .
0	and the elevator did not work at times .
1	upon receipt she told the manager she could n't see clearly .
0	couple of years ago more orders were found to be overcooked and less meaty .
1	you could tell the servers did not like working there .
0	could not understand what the foreign cashier was saying , made placing near impossible .
1	never going there and telling my friend avoid this location !
0	overpriced , very slow service , food was decent .
1	they told me that they charge _num_ dollars a hour .
0	for one , the service was terrible .
1	i was not told that .
0	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
1	she told me it would be awhile .
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	why was n't i told that before i wasted _num_ minutes ?
0	so incredibly frustrating !
1	she told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side .
0	huge disappointment .
1	unnecessary , i tell him , but nice touch .
0	this was by far the worst hotel experience i 've ever had .
1	we were refused service and told they were getting ready to close .
0	and not giving real receipts ( they use hand written ones ! )
1	when i told people i was going to pittsburgh , everyone recommended primanti bros .
0	the fries were super soggy and the pizza was pretty flavorless .
1	talking to friends over the weekend , we were told it was pretty good .
0	if this is their generic price for _num_ hour of labor it is ridiculous .
1	`` ill tell the waitress . ''
0	never going back .
1	tell me what i need , tell me how to care for things .
0	as tables became available he would seat groups that he knew and/or had reservations .
1	having worked in the rental business i knew she was n't telling the truth .
0	we will not be going back .
1	she simply said that sometimes they are n't told when someone is seated outside .
0	simply put , horrible experience .
1	should i really tell him how much he deserved ?
0	not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff .
1	but this gives me the chance to tell you how terrible the cannoli was .
0	however , check the price of a beer before you buy it .
1	you can tell they use cheap steak and lobster .
0	_num_ after tip .
1	she told me no .
0	wrong .
1	u could tell the guy who answered the phone was pissed off .
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	all things told , though , i would spend my money elsewhere .
0	its also extremely odd that they could not contact me via e-mail or telephone ?
1	it would have been nice if they had told me this before i ordered .
0	i walk in , look around , look at the menu ... hmmm .
1	told _num_ minute wait for food .
0	the lines are always long and take forever to get through .
1	told them it has no spice and they brought hot sauce .
0	seriously though , their food is so bad .
1	so i then went on to tell her what i wanted on my burger .
0	as soon as i hung up the phone , the food was delivered .
1	something tells me there is better seafood out there in charlotte .
0	if that were the case , i 'd stick to making my own .
1	could n't you have just lied to me and told me you were out ?
0	luckily , it was n't an issue for me to move .
1	then told me it probably did n't start because it was sitting so long .
0	_num_ ) the fried chicken was n't really fried .
1	placed a delivery order at 5:30 and was told _num_ minutes .
0	not gon na order from here again .
1	let me tell you about my bad experience first .
0	i was planning to go again but not anymore .
1	literally had to tell her every aspect of her job , step by step .
0	we were seated and our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable .
1	receptionist proceeded to tell me `` someone will call you when its ready . ''
0	holly on the way to _num_ .
1	twenty mins to close but was told that the kitchen was closed .
0	still no food .
1	then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition .
0	not a degree above room temp .
1	she told me it would be _num_ minutes .
0	even the home fries where spicy .
1	as we walked in we were told to seat ourselves .
0	takeout is a mess at this location .
1	next we were told to pull up , worst thing you can agree too .
0	$ _num_ for gnocchi ?
1	she proceeds to tell me that today 's visit is $ _num_ .
0	he said the stir fry was so-so .
1	was totally embarrassed because we told our friends what a great place this was .
0	not keeping with the the _num_ star yelp review that brought us here .
1	they told us there would be a _num_ - _num_ minute wait .
0	it is n't a bad experience .
1	he told me i had about _num_ minutes to get it .
0	they screwed up my order and refused to fix it .
1	i told the cashier the food was horrible and i would n't be back .
0	after standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check .
1	i would not go out of my way or tell friends about this place .
0	i had dessert , which was _num_ flavors of gelato .
1	it was impossible to tell what type of meat it was .
0	i was given a _num_ dollar gift card .
1	let me tell you about the worst shopping experience i 've ever had .
0	neither one of us ate more than _num_ chips .
1	called back and was told wait time would be _num_ minutes .
0	she not only lost out on a past customer .
1	he tells me they are out of ranch dressing .
0	their sandwiches taste terrible as well , they 've always been terrible .
1	no , the waiter was quick to tell me i ordered medium rare .
0	terrible .
1	i went and told carmax and they said ford was lying .
0	it 's horrible .
1	i walked in and was told it was a 30-40 minute wait .
0	ca n't beat it .
1	swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
0	i ate _num_ bites and threw it away .
1	i was originally told it would take _num_ mins .
0	i am hoping that my experience here was an off night .
1	was also told i get free $ _num_ gift certificate at restaurant.com .
0	the wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor .
1	i got uncomfortable with the waitress so i told another waitress about my situation .
0	wan 's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with _num_ other friends .
1	after i told her my order she repeated something completely different .
0	i also did n't love the service we received .
1	but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
0	the spicy sausage soup she first ordered was mostly broth .
1	i told him it would be a mistake ... it was !
0	rooms were clean and the amenities were fine .
1	when we arrived , we told the hostess that there _num_ of us .
0	a simple `` sorry for the wait '' would have been nice .
1	wanted to order fish and was told they no longer served it .
0	not particularly interested in returning for any reason .
1	once to tell me that they could n't do the veggies .
0	ca n't understand the big secret about that one .
1	people would probably tell me that i 'm expecting too much .
0	this was a horrible experience .
1	let me first tell you that i 'm not really a sushi guy .
0	the only compensation we got were $ _num_ game cards .
1	he then proceeded to tell me that he only offer _num_ % .
0	they will not get another dime of mine .
1	called to ask for an additional van , were told _num_ minutes .
0	my real complaint is just how rudely we were treated at both locations .
1	was told it would be _num_ hours for a delivery .
0	did n't even enjoy the pizza crust .
1	i told him we would like our $ _num_ back .
0	did n't she have my slip with the card number ?
1	she was told that they only have one cart !
0	when it came down to orders and service though , sadly was disappointed .
1	i called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be _num_ mins .
0	first , all of the food was extremely overpriced .
1	i never told them about the cockroach because they did n't deserve to know .
0	i always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard .
1	i will tell people not to go there and i will never go back .
0	the chicken was all dark meat and tasted aweful .
1	turned around , went back in , and told the hostess .
0	i was too drunk and full of pita donuts to eat my dinner .
1	they ca n't seem to tell me anything .
0	did n't like the presentation of the buffet .
1	i asked for a cappuccino for dessert and was told the machine was broken .
0	i 'm weird like that .
1	without mentioning money once , i was told all that they would do .
0	the staff would not know i had once asked for that room .
1	i tell him i 'm not paying double the quoted rate .
0	very very disappointing .
1	i was told it was a _num_ % deposit .
0	i 'm sure they do but i had to spit mine out .
1	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
0	if possible , the service got worse after we talked to him .
1	i called restaurant.com for a refund , and told them what he said .
0	very rude and unacceptable .
1	her reply , `` yup , i do n't know what to tell you .
0	rude .
1	i asked if it was out for delivery and she could n't tell me .
0	this is the worst line i have ever seen in my life .
1	she does nothing but tell him to apologize .
0	the sushi was not fresh .
1	the green chili has gone down hill you can tell they are cutting corners .
0	i have been a steelers fan as long as i can remember .
1	could n't you have told me to move ?
0	i was not impressed with my sandwich there .
1	_num_ minutes ago was told _num_ minutes .
0	the chicken was tasteless and the mac was bland .
1	i was buying so i told him to get what ever he wanted .
0	it was messy .
1	i told my friend to forget about it .
0	there was no way this order was prepared and cooked that fast .
1	i told him `` just remember , it 's not their fault they suck .
0	half my dish was potato .
1	if anyone told you otherwise , they were lying .
0	our food took forever and when it got there i was highly disappointed .
1	i told them i would n't come back and the could care less .
0	but for a few seconds , water completely stops .
1	my wife told me that her seafood panang was relatively bland .
0	if they say yes , the bread is likely to be eaten .
1	i was told that the equipment failure caused the delay .
0	she promptly explained that the internet was down .
1	`` every christmas story ever told '' was slow and not that funny .
0	do not go here for service on your bike .
1	i tell him no , because i have left my card in the past .
0	it makes no sense .
1	when i told them that , they just lied and said they did .
0	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a much better piece of meat .
1	they told me it would be $ _num_ .
0	consider where this place is , the prices are really really high .
1	( and i am not exaggerating , that was what she told us . )
0	it was awful .
1	i 've basically been told i 'm not getting my security deposit back .
0	my boyfriend and i went to dinner here last saturday .
1	she did n't ask me , she told me to come back tomorrow .
0	if we had been drinking we would n't care .
1	never once have i been told the tip amounts at a restaurant .
0	gross much ?
1	we were told it would be awhile because there were no tables .
