0	the shop is n't that great anyway .
1	needless to say , i purchased my tires elsewhere .
0	i 'd rather spend my money at goodwill !
1	no , i do not want you to rotate my tires .
0	you get off the elevator on the 5th floor .
1	i 've filled tires 2x since so i asked them to check on tires .
0	manager embarrassed himself .
1	this was not covered even with their useless extra tire protection we paid for .
0	ok then , how about i just have a diet pop .
1	the interior is tired and dingy too .
0	i would be hard pressed to ever return .
1	she was told that all _num_ tires needed to be replaced .
0	not sure what star rating to give .
1	bought _num_ new tires and left the car with them .
0	you ca n't mess it up ) .
1	change oil and rotate tires .
0	there are plenty of other bridal salons that would be much nicer and accommodating .
1	after _num_ times of going here they still did n't have the tires correct .
0	he called me to pick him up as i was paying the bill .
1	i 've never had a dishonest experience at a discount tire .
0	real bad .
1	i had two tires replaced on my _num_ honda .
0	that same day i called another company and booked them with no issues .
1	- $ _num_ for oil , tire rotation , air filter .
0	we usually have _num_ but we ran out of _num_ today . ''
1	stay away unless you 're just buying tires !
0	so gross .
1	i got tired of spending _num_ minutes of my lunch break waiting in line .
0	they turned no wait off and said they tried to call me .
1	i think that this museum just feels tired and limited .
0	i do n't recommend at all .
1	i suppose on a lighter note , they did rotate her tires .
0	treated badly .
1	_num_ to mount my tire on the rim .
0	nothing more , and nothing less .
1	the discount tire solution : try and sell me _num_ new tires !
0	it was n't even crowded .
1	take my damn money , i need to get one tire to get home .
0	there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
1	at this point i 'm tired of hearing that .
0	( they had run out of home fries ) .
1	the tires were reasonably priced but short lived .
0	this is the worst line i have ever seen in my life .
1	then , i started having performance problems with my tires .
0	this is not the courtyard i was expecting .
1	i 'm tired of being treated like a dollar sign ... never going back .
0	this is not one of them .
1	i did n't want to get into the tire light story again .
0	this is not only a bad business practice but it is illegal and fraud .
1	just go to discount tires .
0	everytime i eat at this location i end up with a sick stomach .
1	they checked and told me my tires were fine and they refilled my tires .
0	the owner has to be the problem .
1	i tired this place because people raved about their food .
0	that is not a way to earn anyone 's business !
1	it was one of the news tire that i had just purchased .
0	not a good way to sell the city ... horrible !
1	yeah , tired .
0	the screens were tiny and the women 's restroom smelled of stale piss .
1	sold her a no name brand tire , one tire , for $ _num_ !
0	printed out my receipt .
1	avoid big o tires like the plague .
0	however , they only have two waitresses outside for about _num_ tables .
1	very sleazy work discount tire !
0	they are open late hours , so sometimes that can be handy .
1	firestone called tires plus and told them what happened .
0	and it was very annoying !
1	never again will i use walmart tire lube express services .
0	it 's now 8:30 and still not even close to dessert .
1	the next morning i come out and two tires are completely flat .
0	no need to be nasty .
1	when i inquired to ensure my tire rotation was complete he said no .
0	more unbelievable , i waited _num_ minutes to pay for the two services .
1	brought my car in for a simple oil change and tire rotation .
0	certainly , this was not worth the $ _num_ price .
1	_num_ more months pass and my front tire keeps leaking air .
0	gave me a texas number .
1	i had purchased tires here a year prior to my most recent visit .
0	the team went out of their way to get us in quickly and efficiently .
1	then she was complaining that she was hungry & her feet was tired .
0	i 'm sorry , this place is simply not good .
1	it was too late and we were tired so we just settled .
0	it looked like one of those service elevators that the public never sees .
1	i never `` asked '' for a free tire , it was offered .
0	ate here on a saturday night for a friend 's birthday .
1	i purchased tires from them with their warranty about _num_ months ago .
0	watch out when it looks like something is on sale .
1	every time i go in there they try to sell me _num_ new tires !
0	are employees required to be grumpy here ?
1	stop by to leave car to get oil changed and tires rotated .
0	the menu is small with very limited choices .
1	she was tired and was getting cranky .
0	the bed was comfortable enough and the room was mostly clean .
1	put the tires in my basement , no problem .
0	i ordered the pasta trio , and my husband ordered the risotto .
1	when i left , they charged $ _num_ per tire .
0	last i had the vegetarian curry dish , the only vegetarian main i found .
1	ordering the tires was ok .
0	the food was tasteless , place looked dirty , and rude waitress .
1	anything else i 've tired here has been sub-par .
0	save yourself a lot of time , money and pain .
1	she only had them do a routine oil change and a tire rotation !
0	why anyone would willing go here to eat is beyond me .
1	i then showed up home to find out they did n't rotate the tires .
0	the restaurant seemed poorly managed and subpar .
1	it 's not rocket science , and it 's not apparent at discount tire .
0	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
1	they do not warrant the tires they sell .
0	but seriously , it 's like walmart stuff at whole food 's price .
1	after one wash the tire shine was all over the side of my truck .
0	last week my husband and i visited pittsburgh for a rock concert .
1	the decor of the rooms is n't just dated it is downright tired .
0	yelp as well as the online website said they close at _num_ .
1	a tire should not take a whole _num_ hour shift .
0	some drinks were returned from the bar while some never reached the table .
1	i 'm tired of coming here and having bad experiences like this .
0	i hate to blame the kitchen , but i think it 's the kitchen .
1	been coming and buying tires from this exact shop for over _num_ years now .
0	this has always been my least favorite wendy 's .
1	i do n't recommend you have them check your air pressure in your tires .
0	the only thing this place has going for itself is the decor .
1	no more `` discount '' tire for me .
0	a complete lack of work ethic , it 's disgusting .
1	i went in to get two new tires put on my car .
0	there are better places in pittsburgh to get a burger and fries .
1	there are too many good tire stores to ever go here .
0	they replaced the normal wooden board , and replaced it with a plate .
1	to our surprise they wanted over $ _num_ to replace the tires .
0	unfortunately , this place is pretty dirty .
1	they said they would give me a premium tire .
0	thai tea was no bueno .
1	the kids were tired and we just wanted to leave .
0	_num_ staff members yelled .
1	i 'm really getting tired of the rate hike and no notice .
0	also the driver forgot to bring my drinks .
1	they just cost me money and lost my tires .
0	it was filing hot and load with chicken and bacon .
1	tired of paying for food we wo n't eat .
0	the waiter was terrible .
1	i needed _num_ tires and a wheel replaced on my _num_ nissan car .
0	in all honesty i would 've rather had five guys or in-n-out burgers .
1	they call me up and tell me the tire is the wrong size .
0	no way to find out what is going on .
1	i tried to fix my bike tires myself after the tube popped .
0	kmart is doing okay as is the giant eagle .
1	they take out the nail and leave me hanging with my spare tire .
0	tandoori salmon was average .
1	these are the basics and i 'm tired of it .
0	we had a terrible breakfast here not long ago .
1	tired of needing to drive back to pick things up .
0	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
1	i too have had a nightmare experience with another fletcher tire in chandler .
0	went with _num_ others for a weeknight dinner .
1	i 'm getting real tired of it .
0	drove down there so they could say sorry want to do it tomorrow ?
1	two tires has been stolen .
0	the place was much less noisy and crowded at my second visit .
1	tired of wasting good money on bad food .
0	_num_ .
1	about a month later another tire had a leak .
0	my daughter ordered the fettuccine alfredo and it was quite bland .
1	this morning i had the unfortunate experience of having a flat tire .
0	_num_ .
1	took my car here because i had a flat tire .
0	worst company ever .
1	so i order a fat tire one of my favorites .
0	nothing to recommend .
1	this place is tired on every level .
0	this was a complete waste of my time and money .
1	tire lube center slow , disrespectful and unprofessional .
0	avoid this place unless you are looking for the happy ending .
1	i am just tired of awful food at these chains .
0	the decorations look like they 're straight out of an _num_ 's music video .
1	_num_ for a used tire when you can buy a new one for _num_ ?
0	the service was mostly friendly but i was disappointed in my meal .
1	apparently big o tires does n't care about customers or business .
0	my boyfriend 's dinner was a real disappointment , however .
1	hour and half wait time for oil change and tire rotation .
0	bad texture .
1	the manager then pushed a full set of tires my way for $ _num_ .
0	he appeared to have no idea what he was doing half the time .
1	just needed a quick patch and now i need a new tire .
0	nothing has changed .
1	when i arrived home from my trip i noticed that my tire was flat .
0	the building is old and dirty .
1	i 'm tired of going places and they pull this on us !
0	very hit or miss place .
1	so we had to leave the tire and went back to work .
0	_num_ hour wait and then cold food served .
1	was getting an oil change and a new rear tire on my bike .
0	my steak was not cooked to the right temperature - well vs medium well .
1	this is a horrible place to buy tires .
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	this is something this discount tire location ca n't seem to manage .
0	avoid this location .
1	noisy snow tires in the summer !
0	the prime rib was fatty and cold .
1	they could never get my tires balanced .
0	i was desperately hungry late one night with no other options .
1	i get my tires replaced , only to hear a new noise yesterday .
0	fishy smell .
1	this is the walmart of tire centers and avoid this place at all costs .
0	i was given a sofa bed to sleep on .
1	i walked back in and asked the guy if my tires had been rotated .
0	wise guys is your typical off beat pizza shop .
1	went back in and it turns out my tires were not put correctly .
0	i was expecting $ _num_ + $ _num_ salad upgrade .
1	i did not buy their tire .
0	the pad thai was bland and generic , and tasted almost gummy .
1	i also asked to have my tires rotated .
0	my son 's macaroni and cheese was salty and cold .
1	never gon na buy tires from this place ever .
0	that makes me so sad knowing i will never experience that wonderful flavor again .
1	tires were not leaking air just the rim .
0	awful customer service , rude and poorly managed .
1	salad wilted and tired .
0	probably the worst value around .
1	which you failed , because of your tire .
0	we were ignored until i grabbed a table in the back .
1	never get tires at fletcher !
0	this is not an exaggeration .
1	which is dangerous and can really mess up my two week old tires .
0	she paid top dollar for the tree because she believed it was guaranteed .
1	went to this location because one of my tire 's was losing air .
0	i did n't bother to ask if anything was organic .
1	took more than _num_ hours for front tire changes and a patch .
0	there was absolutely no care or thought put into this salad .
1	the tire went flat as i was driving it home in my back seat .
0	just awful .
1	tired of my vanilla stylist , i went here .
0	terribly salty `` lobster roll '' on greasy bread .
1	he said they left the most worn tire up front with the new one .
0	go back to the way it was done before .
1	i 'm tired from a long drive .
0	got chicken with string beans ( $ _num_ ) take-out .
1	i got tired of trying to flag someone down all evening .
0	not gon na order from here again .
1	my husband , son and i were super tired .
0	horrible .
1	we spent just under $ _num_ for all _num_ tires .
0	none of them responded to me .
1	i went in to get my tire change .
0	days old , cold , hard , inedible .
1	and could have saved me from buying tires all together but did not .
0	will not eat here again .
1	big o tire tempe , you are the worst .
0	first , they charge for beer and wine .
1	tires are expensive , and you guys at southern do n't care .
0	the veal was soggy and chewy and the sauce was sub par .
1	i ended up buying american tires for the same price elsewhere .
0	store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair .
1	the place smells like a burning tire when you walk in .
0	my roasted duck breast with spinach and gnocchi was not hot .
1	the service is worse and the place is tired looking .
0	i could n't even pick them up .
1	i will never use discount tire again .
0	where i am at , really there is no delivery but these guys did .
1	next time i am going to big o tires or sears .
0	then we had to wait _num_ minutes to get our bill .
1	i have a bad feeling that my tire rotation was n't even completed .
0	the lunch portion was huge , too much in fact .
1	i will never do business with discount tire direct ever again .
0	i ordered smoked pork chops , home fries and green beans .
1	i was at discount tire earlier in the day better service and quicker .
0	service was mediocre but the food was poor .
1	we were tired and somewhat sad and looking forward to a nice dinner .
0	gross . )
1	was too tired to care at that point so we stayed .
0	the chicken tasted suspect and the rice was mushy .
1	i purchased the two tires and they were installed on the back .
0	i 've been going to this bar randomly over the last _num_ years .
1	their solution was to replace the other front tire at no charge .
0	it reminded me of a cheap college place .
1	almost all of the tires sold on site are foreign .
0	zero stars .
1	the general building and grounds are tired !
0	i do n't know if they hate working there or hate serving people .
1	omg they were tired and seriously in need of updating .
0	bottom line is poor excuses for terrible work .
1	the tires still have not even moved still .
0	i also ordered the southwestern turkey burger .
1	do n't get their tire rotation and balance program plan .
0	( that might also explain the meat being overdone ) .
1	i ca n't believe that discount tire tried to pull this on us .
0	another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff !
1	do not buy tires here .
0	it was bad .
1	the staff was busy and trying to be efficient and we were tired .
0	it was even slightly cold before i reheated it .
1	this is a credit on the tires only , and not any other charges .
0	the red velvet pancakes were chocolate pancakes with red food dye added into them .
1	our flat tire light also went on midway through our trip .
0	i also should have known that i should n't have cheated on my diet .
1	repaired a tire that should not have been repaired .
0	they drowned my salad in ranch dressing and cheese ... .
1	i ordered _num_ goodyear tires .
0	really disappointing .
1	they want me to buy a new tire .
0	$ _num_ side dishes .
1	i will never buy tires there again !
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	dear michaels : i 'm tired of leaving empty handed !
0	also , their bar seating sucks .
1	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
0	however , the customer service lacks excellence and the wifi is completely unreliable .
1	i bought _num_ tires _num_ months ago with tire protection plan .
0	too bad , jared 's .
1	so , i make an appointment to just have oil changed and tires rotated .
0	in fact i was quite disappointed .
1	went here today for a flat tire patch .
0	i go once or twice a week roughly , but never again .
1	i hang up because i 'm tired of waiting .
0	i 've included this very depressing looking `` steak hoagie '' .
1	new tires are flat .
0	i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables .
1	overall , the look of the store just seems to be tired .
0	the kids menu was quite pathetic and expensive !
1	i should have walked then but everyone was tired of waiting and hungry .
0	and they got my order wrong .
1	however , it seems crazy that they completely ignored my concerns about the tire .
0	come on -- this is an `` asian bistro . ''
1	the place looks tired , the portions are very small .
0	whoever designed this place should be shot .
1	maybe they are tired , because they are open 24hrs .
0	i 've basically been told i 'm not getting my security deposit back .
1	my thumbs are tired so i 'll quit for now .
0	_num_ . )
1	i paid approximately $ _num_ for the tires .
0	it was very cold .
1	it 's hit or miss and i am getting tired of it .
0	original post written september _num_ - i do n't recommend this company .
1	went next door and they checked and filled all tires , two minutes .
0	i really wanted to like this place , but i really did n't .
1	bought _num_ tires , installation , and warranty here about _num_ years ago .
0	avoid until this store gets its act together .
1	plus , they also fill up your tires .
0	they have no clue what the word `` toasted '' means .
1	i called as soon as i left because the tire light came on .
0	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
1	used to go there for tires , brakes , etc .
0	disgusting food .
1	disappointed in my experience in discount tire over the labor day weekend .
0	truly , you do n't need this kind of grief .
1	we got tired of waiting for everything .
0	further , they were unapologetic when i complained .
1	they tired to get away with not doing the work i actually paid for .
0	the steaks came and were both overcooked .
1	this is n't the doctors office it 's tires .
0	it sits in the warmer cases , and looks `` crusty '' .
1	i just bought _num_ tires at christmas .
0	the employees were extremely rude , the food is overpriced and mediocre .
1	i was tired , packed bags , and waiting to get to the airport .
0	she thought the potato side was just so-so .
1	the place seems tired .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	-they did not install tires correctly .
0	because you could n't fit me in within a day i get screwed ?
1	an additional quote of $ _num_ was offered for replacing the tires .
0	it was n't terrible , inedible food , it was just ... .
1	saturday morning i went in due to tire light coming on to check .
0	they even screwed my order .
1	do not buy tires from fletcher .
0	extremely rude and condescending over the phone .
1	miserable customer service from a battered , tired , dirty & old facility .
0	glad this is all over .
1	come to find out , the wrong tires were put on my vehicle .
0	ugh .
1	it 's pretty disorganized and the selection is very ... tired ?
0	this shell station is horrible .
1	i 'm so unhappy here , tired all the time .
0	everything took a long time to come out and the service was very poor .
1	so we guessed and they replaced that tire .
0	excuse given was understaffed but when you are not busy it does n't fly .
1	are they just not into tires ?
0	no more .
1	tired .
0	it was so spicy i could n't really taste anything .
1	they were tired of me and it showed .
0	garden ridge is not the same ... it has really gone downhill .
1	maybe i was just tired and grumpy ... .
0	take the extra _num_ minutes to drive to the south hills location .
1	i tired it and that is enough .
0	the waitresses were extremely fast , except for coffee refills .
1	i dropped my car off and asked how long for a tire rotation .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	the decor is tired and old but cozy .
0	they can not even cook edamame , it was undercooked and cold .
1	plus , _num_ of the new tires went flat within _num_ weeks .
0	thats as american as fortune cookies .
1	i was tired of waiting and went to the counter to leave .
0	this should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction .
1	case in point , air pressure on the tires .
0	as far as i know they are no longer open at this location .
1	i thought my tire was going to fall off .
0	yet again , not one courtesy call , nothing resolved .
1	cause they never remodeled it , poorly run and tired .
0	to each his own , i guess .
1	sounds like big o tires needs my business next time.
0	on top of all this service was n't the greatest .
1	the king bed in the bedroom was old and tired too .
