0	thanks for the disappointment to me and my son !
1	i had a very unpleasant experience with the owner of this business today .
0	the pizza was just ok .
1	just a bad day today .
0	the other thing i do not like about this place are their hours .
1	today - nasty .
0	none of this is exaggeration .
1	so i normally like this place but something annoying happened today .
0	there is no grass on the range .
1	we 'll today , wednesday i call him because he never called back .
0	worst mcdonalds !
1	very short review , village inn let down today .
0	i expected at least decent and i was extremely disappointed .
1	i ate lunch here today , as it 's in my office complex .
0	would n't recommend .
1	normally love this place but today was disappointing .
0	people are rude there as well .
1	used to come here all the time and never had bad service until today .
0	service was good but probably the worse pizza i 've ever had .
1	there were _num_ kinds there today , if that .
0	if i could give negative star rating i would .
1	this was not my experience today , july _num_ , _num_ .
0	waitresses do not make much of an effort .
1	so i called today and was told 1/2 hour and they will be ready .
0	$ _num_ , including tip .
1	today i visited and it was the worst !
0	internet access is $ _num_ per day .
1	but today it should have been called suck eggs .
0	now , their service : really lackluster .
1	unfortunately , went in for lunch today and had a similar experience with service .
0	as for beverages , they really skimp .
1	never had a more unpleasant time with my kids than today .
0	service was fast , but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing .
1	we usually have _num_ but we ran out of _num_ today . ''
0	my boyfriend 's general tso 's was less than subpar .
1	normally i love this place but today management failed .
0	it was dry .
1	husband and i stopped today for lunch .
0	but this place was just awful .
1	however , the service was not up to par today .
0	if both of those conditions are n't true , then go anywhere else .
1	but today was exceptionally bad .
0	my biggest complaint is the drink prices .
1	today 's lunch service was worst ever .
0	but i would have sent it back if i were on my own .
1	this use to be my favorite jiffy lube until today .
0	we can not , therefore , understand the rave reviews .
1	she assured me that it was cooked earlier today and reheated when ordered .
0	avoid this place .
1	i dropped off my standard prescription today , with the head pharmacist .
0	this is no mike and tony 's or big greek gyro in market square .
1	i went today to get a basic car wash .
0	the hotel is in a bad neighborhood .
1	they lost my lunch business for today .
0	with that said , i opted out of the calzone .
1	i stopped by the chicken box to grab lunch today .
0	i waited _num_ hour and _num_ minutes for my pizza to be delivered .
1	i used my last free car wash ( crappy ) today .
0	we are not going back .
1	honestly wish i could give it zero stars based on today ... ?
0	my soul purpose to coming here was to get my license picture taken .
1	today though , i got there at _num_ and left around _num_ .
0	not terrible .
1	several of us went today for easter brunch - big disappointment .
0	other than that , it needed hemmed and taken out just a touch .
1	the boyfriend lives down the street and we went for breakfast today .
0	the entrees were dull and lacked seasoning .
1	however , the problem just occurred again today .
0	i hate this place .
1	i had the most horrible shopping experience here today .
0	i will not be returning again .
1	i ate here for lunch today with my wife and _num_ kids .
0	i called to complain and they hung up on me .
1	he said his manager , tony , was n't in today .
0	i waited _num_ minutes while being ignored by the receptionists .
1	the kitchen was also slow today .
0	i was very uncomfortable .
1	update : i had another appointment with the doctor today at _num_ .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	several bad experiences with this pizza place ... today was the worst .
0	both were so bland i could have prepared a better version at home .
1	very disappointed in this business today .
0	simply awful .
1	honesty today must have been forgotten .
0	this place had horrible service .
1	was there a shortage of bbq sauce today ?
0	waitress was ok in attitude .
1	i went into this location today to have a problem with my iphone fixed .
0	literally the worst experience ever .
1	today , my _num_ year old commented on how dirty it is .
0	take a hard right down aisle _num_ and then you hit the bakery .
1	each time no apologies and no offer to compensate even when i asked today .
0	nothing but flavorless , americanized chinese food .
1	hardly saw any of that today .
0	the room had a musty smell to it .
1	i had the tuna today and it was gross .
0	so very rude .
1	i am very disappointed in the service i received today .
0	these people are the worst .
1	never once had any sort of issues with employees being rude , until today .
0	_num_ .
1	i purchased some today and they are n't good enough for hungry dogs .
0	their salads and breadsticks are the only real reason to go there anymore ... !
1	today is monday and i am still sick .
0	the place was mostly empty .
1	and today , i ordered fries and onion rings with no salt .
0	i would not suggest bringing a baby here .
1	she proceeds to tell me that today 's visit is $ _num_ .
0	no thanks .
1	two stars today for a very poor meal last night .
0	ok i said i was sorry .
1	leaving this church today , i feel extremely disappointed .
0	horrible brunch experience .
1	nowhere on their site does it say the coupon is n't valid today .
0	_num_ the bread .
1	did n't feel like coffee , tea or food today .
0	the cable and internet did not work our first night there .
1	however , that is not why i am writing this review today .
0	the waitress made it seem as though it was my fault for bringing him .
1	my husband and i went there for our first time today .
0	but my hubby did n't know any better .
1	today i still have an after taste of grease .
0	i do n't know how this keeps happening .
1	i had a mani pedi today and they were brutal ... .
0	almost all of the tires sold on site are foreign .
1	today as i stood at the register waiting for someone to seat me .
0	i 'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the french onion pot roast .
1	went to get my car washed today and had just left the bank .
0	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
1	but today the barista made me so mad !
0	just do n't expect fantastic korean bbq .
1	the enchilada was okay , but the tamale flat out sucked today .
0	services between spas are typically the same .
1	i rushed to tan today after work .
0	but this location puts the name to shame .
1	such a disappointing experience today !
0	there was also excessive msg in the soup dishes .
1	stopped in for lunch today , it 's a saturday .
0	i ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker .
1	i think i 've ate there twice today my first and my last .
0	i 'm very disappointed to say this place has gone down hill .
1	they fail today in both areas .
0	do n't take it out on the person they are incorrectly calling .
1	not last night , not today and certainly not tomorrow .
0	looks great from the outside but everything else about it is terrible .
1	went to this store today and it was worse than usual .
0	i spent almost _num_ minutes for some nachos .
1	if i could have given today 's experience negative stars , i would have .
0	worst service ever !
1	topping that all off - today they lost my kid .
0	horrible service !
1	went in today for a nail polish application , had no polish on .
0	under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order .
1	was just not good today .
0	worst customer service !
1	our must recent bad experience happened today .
0	and a lot has changed for the worst unfortunately .
1	my husband got the worst haircut ever today from jackie .
0	i was disgusted .
1	went in today with my friend .
0	i know some people have off days but this was bad .
1	today , half the lettuce i had on my caesar salad was rotten .
0	neither angel nor anyone else came to top up our drinks even once .
1	today was the worst , though .
0	every time i have been to cafe sam i have been very disappointed .
1	today , i was beyond disappointed .
0	i do n't hate anything on the harris grill menu .
1	today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality .
0	so i would n't go back .
1	it was strange , i had read a review with regards to budget today .
0	go here to die !
1	i imagine less than _num_ % of expensive restaurants today are cash only .
0	it just was n't a great environment .
1	crappy service today .
0	it was very crowded due to little italy days in bloomfield .
1	thank you for wasting my time today .
0	but then i had to wait more than _num_ minutes to get my food .
1	so today , i was feeling horrible .
0	well , it was overpriced and the food was terrible .
1	today is april _num_ , _num_ .
0	is n't the rule `` customer is always right '' ?
1	went to los olivos for the first time today to get my car washed .
0	cardboard .
1	i am very disappointed in the pedicure i received today .
0	worst service i 've ever had !
1	absolutely horrible service today .
0	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
1	they definitely lost a customer today -- and for all future visits .
0	terrible !
1	having said all this , my opinion of this store changed as of today .
0	not acceptable .
1	ordered here today , big mistake but wo n't happen again !
0	will not be back there -- rude hostess !
1	- we have been using this car wash for years and that ends today .
0	bought the store 's speciality sausages - bland and tasted of spoiled meat .
1	needless to say i am way more than unhappy with today 's experience .
0	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
1	i came for lunch today and was very disappointed .
0	but that 's not the worst .
1	charity `` the cashier '' was extremely rude to me today .
0	just dont expect anything amazing .
1	too busy today .
0	just awful .
1	i waited two hours today in the freezing cold to get to work .
0	_num_ star .
1	was somewhat disappointed with my order from bagel factory today .
0	the specials and menu prices are apparently wrong .
1	after today 's experience i am down to _num_ star .
0	yes , but only if it is convenient .
1	went here today for a flat tire patch .
0	we waited for the server yet again after asking for drink menus .
1	definately wo n't go back unless dragged by friends like today .
0	i did not even want to put my purse down .
1	i was bumped _num_ times today .
0	( i believe it was $ _num_ total . )
1	i did n't notice til today that the milk was still there !
0	bingo , could n't have said it better .
1	food was up to par today .
0	$ _num_ a week plus gone from them .
1	that was n't the case today .
0	came here later in the evening on a weekday to an empty building .
1	disappointing especially since were were the first table today .
0	beautiful courtyard less than _num_ yards away .
1	today i gave them _num_ chance .
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've ever had in pittsburgh .
1	as of today , this is no longer the case !
0	i 'm not kidding .
1	`` , but the manager said they were not doing anymore today .
0	its connection is also very spotty .
1	after today , i will never be back .
0	parking at this particular store is a nightmare .
1	maybe today was just not a great day for them .
0	now , maybe you do n't care .
1	came here today for the _num_ cent wings with co-workers .
0	`` oh ok that 'll be $ _num_ . ''
1	we just left today disappointed .
0	management very rude and customer service is very poor .
1	the employees i dealt with today were rude .
0	but they use the cheapest meats they can find and you can taste it .
1	bummer the service is so slow today .
0	the service however , left much to be desired .
1	today , with only _num_ people ahead of me , it took _num_ minutes .
0	no idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way .
1	the food is usually good , but today we got the worst service ever .
0	but i did n't have a problem with that .
1	i returned a car today at hertz at the madison airport .
0	no , i do n't want you to take our food back !
1	highly disappointed today .
0	also the pizza was bad .
1	so i really needed a fill and color today .
0	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
1	today however the experience was much less than expected .
0	long time customer and disappointed to say will not buy from them again .
1	tried again today and were again sorely disappointed .
0	could have being very good but it was not .
1	several sales were lost today due to her total incompetence .
0	once seated , i practically had to beg for a wine list .
1	went today for the $ _num_ special and my car was still dirty !
0	i stayed three nights at the westin with a group for a conference .
1	i had no negative experiences with this clinics until today .
0	nothing to talk about .
1	got a full set today and they look so bad .
0	the beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating .
1	disappointed with the service i received from carrie today .
0	are they going out of business ?
1	poor service today .
0	not very tasty .
1	received bad service today .
0	also a heads up - only _num_ pedicure chairs in the place .
1	but today the service was horrible !
0	avoid at all costs .
1	today i ordered _num_ bowls and they were all cold .
0	tram 's kitchen in my opinion is not really worth it .
1	i read today in south charlotte weekly that they recieved a grade of _num_ .
0	however , i 'm in pittsburgh , where can i go ?
1	i am rating strictly on my experience today with take out .
0	this was my first time here and i will never go back .
1	today , they lost a customer and a fan .
0	staff definitely are really rude .
1	lost a large sale today , again .
0	we were disappointed .
1	i hate this place today .
0	$ _num_ for one meatball and three bites of pasta .
1	today was sadly no different .
0	the temperature in the restaurant was hot .
1	i went in today to get a pedicure and gel manicure .
0	i know , you say , how can one possibly have too much cheese .
1	gave this mall yet another try again today , disappointed again .
0	i 'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible .
1	really bad experience today .
0	the only people getting help in there tonight were two other guys .
1	i have to fly american airlines through this outdated airport today .
0	after going through each bag , i could not find the correct band .
1	was so excited to get your pizza today .
0	do not sit by the windows because it was very cold .
1	my husband can not go back to construction junction today .
0	it was just all around bland .
1	craving chinese , so we went back to this location today .
0	it was not crowded and we were seated and served promptly .
1	i went in for the cheap breakfast for the first time at noon today .
0	no drinks .
1	i just do n't care much today . ''
0	i do n't remember it being this bad .
1	no more gay cash from me today at the chili cook off .
0	this is the first time i feel compelled to write a bad review .
1	i went there today to get a simple _num_ piece mild dinner .
0	very inconvenient in a world where cash is pretty much on the way out .
1	lunch at honey bears bbq today .
0	it , however , did n't work for me .
1	today ; wtf pei wei ?
0	but it certainly is sub-par .
1	completely ruined my hair today .
0	i found all of this very unacceptable .
1	stopped in for lunch today and the place was pretty much empty .
0	there are much better choices in uptown charlotte !
1	so , today , zero stars , but overall two .
0	only in a pinch .
1	today , my mother and i went to native for dinner .
0	she walked up the stairs and ignored us .
1	was n't even busy today !
0	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
1	the service is very inconsistent and this will be my last time going today .
0	the dough , sauce , cheese ... even the pepperoni was bland .
1	today was the worst pizza i have ever had .
0	personally , i was n't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza .
1	`` hello , did you find everything you are looking for today ? ''
0	you really seem to care about this restaurant 's reputation .
1	but today our service was beyond horrible .
0	trying to eat `` fresh '' pineapple with no wine just breaks my heart .
1	i visited the farm for the first time today and frankly , was disappointed .
0	took _num_ days to pick up the cut sofa !
1	but today they lost my business !
0	i 've eaten there many times in the hopes that maybe i missed something .
1	i waited _num_ hours and _num_ minutes to get a blood draw today .
0	the place is just older and needs some renovations .
1	got the bill today ... $ _num_ for _num_ minutes !
0	very disappointing and frustrating .
1	i have noticed the trend in all the location but today was the worst .
0	a breakfast sandwich had weird burnt meat on it .
1	called petco as i was trying to take my dog for grooming today .
0	good food , but poor service at this particular location .
1	today it was horrible .
0	please save your money and visit another store or company .
1	today however i think was not a great experience .
0	for _num_ girlfriends , they brought _num_ joint check .
1	gave this place another shot today and i regret it .
0	i am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there .
1	but today , i think i have had enough with this place .
0	not a big deal just thought it odd .
1	today 's experience was awful !
0	unfortunately for olive or twist , the visit would probably be our last .
1	called today to order a pizza was told they wo n't deliver to me .
0	i have an awful experience .
1	i went today and the did not have chicken .
0	worst nail salon ever .
1	the manager lady was pretty rude today .
0	it was actually so bad that we asked to talk to the manager .
1	zen _num_ was my sushi standout in phoenix , az until today .
0	why even keep this historical , old , dingy , dirty room ?
1	i have been going here since november and today was horrible .
0	i would give carolina auto repair no stars if possible .
1	i did so for today , calling in the morning for a 1:30 appointment .
0	not worth the $ _num_ .
1	brought the fam in today what a complete disappointment ... ... .
0	stomach hurts all night .
1	the service today , however , was sub par .
0	the people all look like they hate their jobs and treat the customers accordingly .
1	i had the worst lunch of all times here today .
0	losing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless .
1	they said it was , that everything would be ready today after 5pm .
0	do not go here for waxing !
1	service was very bad today .
0	poor follow up .
1	update : i received a very much appreciated phone call from the owner today .
0	sadly i will never purchase a vehicle here again because of this experience .
1	how can i help you today ? ''
0	i had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay .
1	stopped by today and picked up a fish and chicken taco .
0	it 's really frustrating .
1	went to get the soup and salad today and it was a disaster .
0	it looked a mess .
1	went today for early sunday dinner and will not go back .
0	the ladies at the reception desk are horrible !
1	a disappointment today .
0	it was tasteless , and the fruit center was nothing more than filler .
1	i went there again today , ordered the szechuan chicken and was very dissapointed .
0	_num_ . )
1	the person that answered the phone said `` no delivery driver today '' .
0	we feel completely cheated .
1	i wish i had taken pictures of my visit today .
0	i ca n't say the food is bad .
1	i am very disappointed that my review today has to to be negative .
0	the artichoke dip was ok , but very greasy .
1	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
0	neither the brown sugar bacon and beef nor the blt had much bacon .
1	me today : panda express is crap .
0	no salad .
1	today was really strange though .
0	my daughter and i ordered my pizza slices to eat in and hers togo .
1	they towed my car today because i did not eat in the restaurant .
