0	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
1	no tomatoes , no cheese , no croutons ... nothing .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	i ordered chicken salad stuffed tomato .
0	wait time : we had a reservation , so we were seated right away .
1	the soup tasted spoiled , the tomatoes in my salad were frozen and mushy .
0	the food , on the other hand , is not good .
1	the salsa is partially made from canned tomatoes and taste like it .
0	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
1	then , when his sandwich came out it had lettuce and tomato on it .
0	i also ordered provolone sticks which also did not taste good .
1	sweet tomatoes is almost good but also is n't .
0	Neutral
1	i asked for diced tomatoes and got two half tomatoes with cuts in them .
0	i would give them zero stars if that was an option .
1	i ordered it anyways as a veg patty with cheddar , lettuce and tomato .
0	the only items that are good there are the bacon and toast .
1	food was okay but the sauce tasted like ragu with diced tomatoes added .
0	hostess was very awkward when seating us .
1	my friends tomato basil was literally marinara sauce .
0	_num_ .
1	i 've never before had a blt that used diced tomatoes and shredded lettuce .
0	the meat was extremely bland , with very little seasoning .
1	the bread was soggy and the tomatoes tasted old .
0	i could n't eat anymore .
1	pale tasteless tomato chunks , for example .
0	the menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive .
1	salsa tastes like it 's made from canned tomatoes .
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	it was hard to find `` tomatoes '' in the dish .
0	other than losing your stuff , they seem like nice guys .
1	tomato soup with basil , good flavour but to course in texture .
0	i am so frustrated with this service .
1	i ordered a lox on spinach florentine bagel without onion or tomato .
0	essentially , the entire sandwich was inedible and i settled for five guys instead .
1	tomato beef chow mein was pretty decent though .
0	they were very flat ... thinner than your typical frozen chicken nugget .
1	we may just have been served canned tomatoes .
0	we woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place .
1	the penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor .
0	i dropped off my standard prescription today , with the head pharmacist .
1	the only thing with an aroma in this place was the tomato sauce .
0	horrible salon ... dirty , also , just as a side note .
1	i would assume an ordinary burger with lettuce and tomato would be better .
0	terrible place to eat and not very clean at all .
1	loads of onions , no tomato and no cucumber and no mint .
0	this company is the worst to deal with .
1	my son 's cheese quesadilla had tomatoes in it .
0	was n't the best either .
1	the scampi dish was kinda weird because normally it does n't come with tomatoes .
0	so disappointed .
1	the salsa was tangy and smelled like it was made with bad tomatoes .
0	this is a scam and highly unacceptable .
1	two grape size tomatoes , and two thin slices of cucumber .
0	i called restaurant.com for a refund , and told them what he said .
1	grabbed my lettuce and tomato and thought wtf ?
0	so consider my advice if you decide to purchase here .
1	all it consists of is soggy tomatoes and cheese .
0	this was after waiting 20+ minutes at the register with cash in hand .
1	it also had the same pink tomato 's in it .
0	not real italian .
1	literally on even one croutons or slice of tomato nothing but shredded lettuce .
0	the coleslaw was a couple pieces of lettuce with some carrots .
1	the salsa tasted like tomato paste with pepper .
0	possible the most frustrating company i have ever interacted with .
1	tomato slices were not ripe .
0	for one , the service was terrible .
1	my salad had a rotten tomato and a hair ( not mine ) .
0	consider where this place is , the prices are really really high .
1	not a great selection , but cheaper than sweet tomato .
0	it does n't change much .
1	after i ordered asked for no tomato but , of course they added tomatoes .
0	the management at this restaurant is horrendous .
1	you can keep your rotten tomatoes and sour salsa , jerks .
0	most places allow return of items within _num_ days , even if a mattress .
1	like the fresh tomatoes but lacking in flavor from the other toppings .
0	our waitress carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude .
1	this sandwich has lettuce , tomato and tartar sauce .
0	Neutral
1	i had a bowl of tomato basil bisque soup that was really bad .
0	the service was the worst i 've ever encountered .
1	i get my sandwich and on it are three red tomatoes slices .
0	this place just keeps getting worse and worse .
1	when our food arrived , my collard greens had tomatoes and onions .
0	while the greens were decent , there were barely enough for a few bites .
1	i asked for no tomatoes and it was covered in them .
0	waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks .
1	i ordered _num_ jr hamburgers plain but one with lettuce and tomato .
0	at noon on a friday i called getaway to place an order for wings .
1	the tomato and vegetables like uncooked .
0	the sauce is very forgettable and watery .
1	after i took a bite , i noticed they forgot the tomato .
0	it is my pet peeve .
1	cheese , refried beans , tomatoes , sour cream and guacamole .
0	terrible crab bisque .
1	least no one is going to tell my fianc to eat tomatoes there .
0	bouncer was extremely rude .
1	i did n't get a damn tomato .
0	the wild boar ravioli tasted fine , but the presentation was seriously lacking .
1	the cheese was ok , the tomatoes were flavorless .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	the tomato was hard as rock .
0	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
1	tomato soup was great , calamari was thinly breaded and with a great sauce .
0	i chose the hot and sour soup .
1	the sauce tasted like tomato paste with a little spice .
0	but would it kill you to spend a little to upgrade your rooms ?
1	the salads were made with wilted lettuce and sore looking tomatoes .
0	horrible customer service !
1	it was yellow rice with some boiled chicken some sliced jalapeo and tomato slice .
0	the desk ) until i 've given the room the all clear .
1	overly salty meat , dry and stale pitas , with mushy onions and tomatoes .
0	but this was not what i had in mind .
1	relish , soup and tomato juice with lemon were the highlights tonight .
0	but then two waitresses kept coming and going without even looking at me .
1	salad came first then bruschetta ( wtf ) toast and tomatoes and cheese .
0	the service is awful .
1	: d ) , tomatoes , black olives and cheese .
0	have n't you been to any restaurants , like , ever ?
1	sugary tomato sauce , cheese is like aged american cheese .
0	someone needs fired !
1	i used miracle grow , nothing ; organic tomato plant food , nothing .
0	no no .
1	and you forgot the lettuce and the tomatoes are tasteless .
0	the worst customer service ever !
1	also on the plate were three slices of cucumber and a slice of tomato .
0	i 'm not even sure they bothered to cook that .
1	thankfully i just dislike tomatoes and it was n't an allergy issue .
0	apparently , we were out of luck .
1	but as it is onions lettuce and tomatoes are falling all over the place .
0	no big deal .
1	we wo n't be back , no sweet tomatoes in michigan .
0	the chicken wings tasted like fake butter and rubber .
1	it was supposed to have tomatoes , cheese and sausage .
0	it was a sandwich mostly of slaw and fries .
1	the tomatoes were not ripe , and the brown core was in the tomato .
0	obviously that feeling is long gone .
1	for starters i got the mozzarella basil tomato salad .
0	firstly , this place used to be free to the public .
1	medium cup of tomato soup : $ _num_ do n't expect a roll .
0	and beware of the prices : what 's on the website is wrong .
1	the tomatoes , no where to be seen .
0	the mediocre : everything else .
1	i 'm not sure why sliced tomatoes were impossible , but they were .
0	nothing special just around average !
1	the time prior , i went and they were out of tomatoes .
0	panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant i have ever been to .
1	they said there are no tomatoes on that sandwich .
0	it was like an old sweet an sour sauce with a little spice .
1	no lettuce , no tomato , no pickles or peppers of any kind .
0	that was not to be found here .
1	i ordered a pasta in creamy tomato sauce .
0	the only downfall was their delivery time .
1	low sodium tomato soup !
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	plain tomato sauce , no flavor .
0	description said grain mustard cole slaw and pickles .
1	bread , meat , lettuce , tomato , some sort of special spread .
0	needless to say i refused to pay for them .
1	the salad was mediocre at best , just lettuce and one tomato .
0	i was really disappointed with this visit .
1	had two pieces of tomato very few onions and some tzatziki sauce .
0	do n't care .
1	requested tomato to be added and payed _num_ cents extra to do so .
0	i very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first .
1	appetizers included fried pickles , fried green tomatoes , & fried corn fritters .
0	strange odor - musty old smell .
1	but first bite in , it was packed with tomatoes .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	it tasted of plain tomatoes and tin can .
0	there was a little bit of a wait which is expected on saturday night .
1	the tomato sauce is overly sweet and basically flavorless .
0	maybe i just got an old cake , i do n't know .
1	the homemade tomato soup with asiago cheese was delicious as well .
0	food was only just ok and service was even worse .
1	it was like watered down tomato soup with the nasty chicken chunks in it .
0	no problem , we were seated right away .
1	the fried green tomatoes had a very heavy batter on them .
0	the worst mani/pedi of my life .
1	when my food arrived , it had lettuce and tomato on it .
0	i said to myself , this is unsanitary practices being used here .
1	the okra and tomatoes were alright .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	they left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich !
0	ignoring the fact that i was unhappy and i did n't like it .
1	my spicy bloody mary tasted like tomato juice and vodka .
0	and , in looking at other reviews , i am not the first .
1	my sandwich had onions , tomatoes , and bacon on it .
0	we finished our dumplings .
1	it was really a bowl of chunky tomatoes seasoned with peppers and oregano .
0	i just ca n't imagine having to deal with this a year .
1	plain dont mean please put tomatoes and bacon , onions in it .
0	i was exceptionally disappointed .
1	the tomato sauce is too sweet .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	no lettuce no tomato .
0	stomach hurts all night .
1	it tasted like store bought tomato sauce , not hearty bolognese .
0	not so much .
1	suppose to have lettuce , tomato , onion , pickle and mustard .
0	jimmy wan 's offers white and brown , no extra charge .
1	the tomatoes were soggy and the pita bread was a little dry .
0	shrimp and scallop with garlic was bland as hell .
1	the sandwich was reasonably thick with meat , greens and tomatoes .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	it tasted a little like flavored tomato paste as well .
0	my recommendation would be to not buy suits , shirts or shoes here .
1	a tomato creamy and a tomato basil garlic .
0	so far i have not found a good chinese food place here in charlotte .
1	sauce surrounding it seemed like just thin bland tomato paste .
0	the concept is n't that ridiculous either .
1	the tomato sauce was overly tangy in a weird way .
0	maybe it 's nostalgia for the cigar but i thought he looked ridiculous .
1	the tomatoes were so hard and pink they were borderline inedible .
0	extremely poor service .
1	bland chicken , sad tomato and lettuce .
0	there were no other veggies or anything .
1	20+ bucks and it was dried up pasta with tomato sauce .
0	lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people !
1	my entree was shrimp with bacon , cabbage , and tomato .
0	i probably wo n't be returning for a hair appointment .
1	dressing and one slice of bad hot house tomato .
0	no appointments available for tomorrow .
1	the sauce came on the side watery , didnt even taste like tomato sauce .
0	it is not safe for kids !
1	- cheese soup + chunky tomato soup = delicious bowl of soup .
0	i was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant .
1	the salad was small and had lettuce , tomato and that 's it .
0	the only plus was the shuttle service and driver .
1	their rice , tastes like instant rice in the microwave smothered in tomato sauce .
0	service was horrible !
1	then came the ravioli which was watery with some canned tomatoes on top .
0	if answer is yes , then maybe this place is for you .
1	the atmosphere was like i was eating from the movie fried green tomatoes .
0	so i had to eat my sides cold .
1	- fried green tomatoes were bland and `` hard . ''
0	our waitress was very polite , though .
1	both came plain , with no lettuce , tomato , or mayo .
0	i would give our experience zero stars .
1	doubt the tomato sauce was homemade .
0	i just have n't been impressed by anything i 've ordered there .
1	walk over to the produce and pick up a tomato !
0	and i am certainly not a fan of the olive garden .
1	the tomato chicken tasted like beef jerky .
0	and i quickly remembered why !
1	i do n't understand what is so hard about not putting tomatoes .
0	do not order steak or prime rib here .
1	the flavor of the sea bass was lost in the tomatoes .
0	never again will i spend money in this place .
1	the fried green tomatoes were blah .
0	he is not !
1	cold and soggy lettuce and tomato .
0	it was hardly halfway full .
1	the selection was similar to sweet tomatoes , but lower quality .
0	what i got was dry and totally tasteless .
1	tomatoes that were dried out .
0	_num_ of us plus drinks was $ _num_ .
1	the collard greens had an excessive amount of uncooked onions and tomatoes .
0	avoid this company if you can .
1	the coupons at sweet tomatoes are worthless .
0	there was no noise control so sleep was impossible .
1	i got a bacon cheeseburger , with tomato , no mayo , cheddar cheese ?
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	eventually , i found bland tomatoes and shredded iceberg lettuce hidden far below .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	there was one sliced tomato and no mushrooms .
0	i did n't get sick from it , so that 's a bonus .
1	then we split a medium pesto , tomato , and basil pizza .
0	trust the reviews , it 's not worth the wait or the money !
1	rock hard flavorless tomatoes , etc .
0	real bad .
1	it isnt just tomato .
0	terrible customer service !
1	chili had no flavor , just meat in tomato broth with a few beans .
0	nothing fancy -- short on the sides and back , an inch on top .
1	no tomatoes , no okra , no celery , no onions , nothing .
0	the reason why i rate this place low is the atmosphere is abysmal .
1	the pizza lacked flavor , cheese was cheap with opened canned tomato sauce .
0	as mentioned by others , this road is not in the best shape .
1	the lettuce is frozen and the tomatoes are sometimes rotten .
0	my appetizer was cajun shrimp , which was way over seasoned .
1	what , no tomato at least ?
0	food is limited and all fried , that 's not a good thing either .
1	no lettuce , no sprouts , no tomato , no cheese no mustard .
0	i could barely pick the shrimp out because the sauce was that gross .
1	then we added half of sun dried tomatoes .
0	no complaints there .
1	too many tomatoes piled on a soaked crust and box .
0	unacceptable .
1	it also had canned tomatoes , and no basil .
0	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
1	thee buffalo chicken sandwich had no lettuce or tomato on it .
0	worst chinese food i 've ever had .
1	the other problem was the size of the tomato cuts .
0	this made my food experience not good .
1	fried green tomatoes were tasty but the tomatoes were half ripe ( pink ) .
0	located in not such a great part of town .
1	we asked for mild salsa and it came out like tomato juice .
0	we also got an order of _num_ hot wings .
1	i ordered the tomato bruschetta , which was the worst i 've ever had .
0	you 're better off with a garden hose .
1	she asked for tomatoes , but no sauce .
0	ca n't understand the big secret about that one .
1	they used cherry tomatoes in the sauce which is a big no no .
0	the lettuce tastes old and rubbery ... not in this case .
1	my wife ordered a chicken salad on pita , minus lettuce and tomatoes .
0	i called garden ridge to speak to a customer service rep .
1	it did n't have cherry tomatoes or roasted peppers as described .
0	will never return to the restaurant .
1	for example , the fresh tomato salsa served with my fajitas was spent .
0	fuck that i do n't need to be disrespected like that .
1	it looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich .
0	this trip was bad , even for the price .
1	it had huge chunks of tomatoes , sausage , and cheese .
0	you wo n't find me at an olive garden back in new jersey !
1	plus , they did n't even provide a leaf of lettuce or tomato .
0	the service was bad and unfortunately the haircut was even worse .
1	there was no tomato on the burger .
0	after standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check .
1	instead of the amazing tomato bread i got plain rye .
0	unfortunately our waiter was not up to par .
1	there 's no flavor to it except raw tomato .
0	i do n't normally get my beer from there .
1	i really do n't like tomatoes in caesar salad .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our drink order .
1	it was served dry with tomato and lettuce if you wanted it .
0	the salad 's ginger dressing was awful and watery .
1	i ordered a sub with out tomato and mayo .
0	that was unacceptable .
1	all that does it make the sauce soggy and the tomatoes very bitter .
0	also , my package was stolen twice .
1	the tomatoes were not ripe , and the other toppings were very disappointing .
0	fianc ordered bison burger and ended up getting a 2am with egg , etc .
1	my sandwich did n't even have true tomato slices .
0	it was not flavorful or moist nor worth the calories .
1	dried tomatoes in my tomato salad , dried out salad , black guacamole .
0	the deal also comes with either a small app or a dessert to share .
1	they tasted like boiled , watered down tomato juice and a hint of oregano .
0	the two times i 've been there i was unhappy .
1	caramelized onions , tomatoes , peppers , and chicken .
0	the waitress was extremely rude .
1	the tomato taste was so overbearing that you could not taste anything else .
0	man , was i wrong .
1	one could still eat like crap at sweet tomatoes .
0	also , do not use multiple credit cards .
1	no flavor on the crust whatsoever and the tomato paste .
0	you know what was the worst thing , though ?
1	of course my plate w covered in pico & no tomatoes .
0	and cheese sauce that you get for your nachos at the gas station .
1	my husband 's lasagna might has well been tomato soup with some noodles .
0	worst customer service .
1	seriously , when was the last time you just bit into a tomato ?
0	fast forward to july ( _num_ weeks before the wedding ) .
1	it was delivered to me with tomato and american cheese .
0	if you can help it , do n't get cable from this cable company .
1	the bbq tomato sauce was ordered spicy , but needed more heat .
0	i replied `` no , you never served me any . ''
1	the pizza sauce tasted like tomato soup ( ?
0	unfortunately zero stars is not an option .
1	i have been to better sweet tomatoes .
0	this time , it was ridiculous .
1	they threw some tomatoes on it .
0	meaning , i never saw her full face .
1	i get the sandwich , there are two tomatoes on there .
0	he talked loudly across the whole restaurant to staff members back in the kitchen .
1	my salsa was watery and it had one huge tomato chunk it .
0	the spring rolls were completely soggy .
1	they also had a tomato and mozzarella salad .
0	yeah , that 's why i booked one at your salon .
1	i was told that the burgers come with lettuce , tomato , and onion .
0	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
1	i am not that impressed with sweet tomato .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	the slice of tomato that i had them add was not ripe .
0	he was not asian .
1	very little salmon and green tomatoes .
0	_num_ more minutes for drinks , and to order .
1	no lettuce , tomato , or mayo .
0	cheap food but my chicken was burnt .
1	-- just lettuce and tomato , nothing else .
0	it was neither busy nor a late hour for lunch .
1	the sun dried tomatoes were huge , but overpowered everything else .
0	we wo n't be back to this one .
1	i ordered the cheese ravioli with tomato sauce .
0	or maybe i 'm wrong .
1	salsa tasted like tomato sauce .
0	his key does not work either .
1	fried green tomatoes were good .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	eggs benedict with spinach , bacon , tomato and avocado .
0	the food was also not too good .
1	the tomato was practically mush and the lettuce was wet and limp .
0	friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
1	the salsa tasted like tomato and onion .
0	the mussels were barely seasoned and were hardly edible .
1	i ordered fried green tomatoes and chicken .
0	my acrylic nails are crooked and shorter than i asked .
1	tomatoes do not sweat .
0	the fries are very salty .
1	rotten tomatoes ruin your taste for anything .
