0	_num_ .
1	then our day took a turn for the worse .
0	but all of the pretzel bun sandwiches are n't that great .
1	turned out that was a big mistake .
0	it was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died .
1	it seems like there is extremely high turn over for patio servers as well .
0	wrong it was smaller portions at a higher price .
1	it turns out this was a terrible idea .
0	the light roast coffee was cold .
1	but it turned out to be a real bad experience .
0	this was really disappointing .
1	the water is turned off every other week .
0	and i might add , he knew i was sitting there waiting .
1	the short blonde then turned her back to me and walked away .
0	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
1	*** turns out the picture i put up was of the wrong guy .
0	the only thing that was efficient was the valet service .
1	the gold would probably turn out to be just plated .
0	a complete waste of money , avoid at all costs .
1	the food was delicious but the dining experience a large disappointment at every turn .
0	it is april and there are no grass tees yet .
1	quickly , things turned from exciting to horrible .
0	-they did not install tires correctly .
1	as it turns out , service was what it usually is , slow .
0	i ca n't hold it against them though .
1	it turned out that they do n't take my insurance .
0	_num_ .
1	more often than not the rice turns out undercooked and the chicken is dry .
0	needless to say , she would n't leave us alone .
1	_num_ hour layover turned into _num_ and then finally a cancelled flight .
0	our waitress carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude .
1	i turned around and saw it was inches away from me .
0	disgusting !
1	he also offered me a free lunch on the house which i turned down .
0	frozen , greasy , tasteless , heavy on bland batter and light on fish .
1	my meal here turned out to be a very odd experience .
0	do not waste your money at this restaurant .
1	i said hello and she just turned around not even smiling .
0	in the end , that bridesmaid got a partial refund for the dress .
1	my _num_ minutes turned into closer to _num_ .
0	i mean thin like salad dressing , runny , thin .
1	a 3-5 mile hike turned into _num_ miles .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	turns out they do n't have mixed vegetables which is on the menu .
0	this is the first , and probably only , negative review i have posted .
1	it turned out that a tech had died and they were short handed .
0	the food was awful .
1	it just turned to mush .
0	i do n't have that problem at other arby 's .
1	it turned out she was the only server for the whole lounge !
0	no desk type chair .
1	if you are lucky turn down service will happen .
0	i did n't hear back .
1	what really turned me off about the place was the car hop .
0	from start to finish , the entire evening was a terrible experience .
1	turns out this was n't the case .
0	( all same kind of cookie ) .
1	it turned out he gave me the wrong directions .
0	tons of garbage and food under these carts .
1	twice , they turned it off without coming in .
0	i 'll limit my visits until i find that treasure .
1	_num_ turned into all day .
0	ugh .
1	the water in the apartments get turned off randomly without any warning .
0	as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready .
1	that turned out to be the problem .
0	in fact , the menu is , to me , kinda boring .
1	they turned out to be a huge disappointment and we will not return .
0	anyway port authority to sum it up , is a hot damn mess .
1	so this was a bit of a turn off .
0	it has been nothing but bad service .
1	so after several more wrong turns we finally get home .
0	i signed up as they knocked at my door .
1	turns out they do n't have soup .
0	that should have tipped me off .
1	the staff was not helpful and in fact turned out to be extremely rude .
0	very disappointed .
1	the beef turns out to be $ _num_ .
0	my recommendation would be to not buy suits , shirts or shoes here .
1	guess i turned invisible for _num_ minutes there .
0	the salon is so dirty we left before i let them cut me hair .
1	pedicure turned out good , but manicure not so much .
0	dirty place and horrible service .
1	the breadsticks are alway delish and hard to turn away eating more .
0	one word ; gross .
1	someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be .
0	the server even tried pushing a diners club program on us !
1	how ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids .
0	another _num_ minutes pass and we finally got our order .
1	well _num_ turned into _num_ .
0	_num_ .
1	really turned me off .
0	i may return if craving a good caesar .
1	overall the food was a big turn off , we will not be returning .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	they turn off the pepsi machine so you ca n't get a refill .
0	the quote was $ _num_ dollars .
1	a turn off .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	this purchase has turned in to an unfortunate experience .
0	the guy was obviously knowledgable about mattresses but he was rude and condescending .
1	_num_ arrival for _num_ gal of jet a and a quick turn .
0	and while you 're eating too ... it 's so disgusting .
1	god turned water into wine well i will never be back .
0	at that point our drinks were empty .
1	i 've never ever went to a dentist in pain and got turned away .
0	try their calamari over angel hair yum !
1	we saw them turn away at least _num_ other families for the private party .
0	update ... shadyside inn refunded the charges from our stay .
1	my finger turned purple and i was in pain the rest of the evening .
0	the flavor was meh and the black truffle butter was surprisingly boring .
1	this has completely turned us away from wanting to eat here .
0	terribly ran !
1	they did n't turn off the lights or anything to signal it was closing .
0	the corned beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special .
1	as it turns out , i celebrated a bit too soon .
0	the sandwich at best was mediocre .
1	he turned my experience around for such an awful beginning .
0	wo n't be back .
1	however , it would seem things have took a turn for the worst .
0	spicy and thick it went down easy enough .
1	made the turn and it was horribly slow .
0	do not shop at best buy .
1	turn over monthly in that place .
0	they were again completely flavorless , but warmer .
1	i could have done them myself and they would have turned out better .
0	to be honest this place was not that good at all .
1	this turned out to be a good thing since the burrito was awful .
0	it 's really frustrating .
1	things have taken a big turn for the worse .
0	it had a huge hair in it , all wound around the crab .
1	it turned out that there 's no expired date printed on the box .
0	this was our first time trying this place since moving to castle shannon .
1	we had to have them turn the fireplace off as it was too hot .
0	that was the worst meat that i have seen since junior high school .
1	turns out she was sorely mistaken !
0	first off , i kept hearing about these pancakes i got ta try .
1	as soon as we got off the shuttle things turned unorganized .
0	they 've ruined my clothes on _num_ separate occasions !
1	sad to see this place turn such a corner .
0	this was not a four star dining experience .
1	but the night took a turn for the worse when the entertainment started .
0	honestly i do n't consider this place a mall .
1	it was overcooked and turned gray .
0	this is the strip district after all with many stores for crying out loud .
1	turned around , went back in , and told the hostess .
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	tasted as expected but the process to get to it turned me off .
0	go to sesame inn in north hills and other locations .
1	even overheard another table state they thought their food had turned bad .
0	ugh .
1	turned out to be way more hassle than it was worth .
0	bad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around .
1	to make a long story short , it turned out that dr .
0	sorry chef jeff .
1	turned around , drove back to the clubhouse and asked for a full refund .
0	_num_ .
1	this customer experienced turned out to be a confused mess !
0	we would be paying several hundred dollars to get the doors installed .
1	she was counting change and turned to look at the clock on the wall .
0	not only was my order wrong but the lady was very grumpy .
1	a few simple items turned into a large bill .
0	terrible .
1	disappointing at every turn .
0	the spicy yellow tail was not spicy .
1	so finally i turned the car off and went inside .
0	i was presented with ... an empty plate .
1	turns out the salesperson did n't order the install .
0	if i could give negative stars i certainly would for this place .
1	what really turns me off is the clientele and it just feels ... dirty .
0	with all that said we tried all _num_ flavors of the empanadas they offered .
1	the quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor .
0	yeah , do n't order from here , unless it 's for dumplings .
1	what turns me off a bit , it always seems dirty .
0	sub-par sushi .
1	there was already someone being service and i looked around waiting my turn .
0	pizza is pretty bland and there is nothing remarkable about it .
1	the young man who greeted me seemed a little turned off by my coupon .
0	so not worth the walk that we took to get here .
1	so all in all , our $ _num_ turned into over $ _num_ .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	rob you blind at every turn .
0	arrangement was just ok .
1	when it was our turn he handed phone to the person .
0	i 'm glad i took my money elsewhere .
1	he needs to put the lamp shade on and turn on the light !
0	rude .
1	but nothing to note that will turn heads , just average .
0	zero stars .
1	turns out i was n't .
0	have never experience such a rude interaction with a car shop .
1	instead of offering napkins the girl just shut the window & turned around .
0	i would put _num_ star if it was possible !
1	that is where the efficiency and service took a turn for the worst .
0	greasy and the batter was peeling off .
1	that completely turned us away from this restaurant .
0	there is no grass on the range .
1	i ca n't believe what an ordeal this has turned into .
0	avoid this place even if free .
1	as it turned our , i should have listened to my stomach .
0	to say the least , i was disappointed in my soup .
1	turns out the feature was n't playing .
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	she just turned and walked away .
0	i would not revisit the westin convention center .
1	this place is definitely turning into a hipster place yuk .
0	yeah , that 's why i booked one at your salon .
1	that is a huge turn off , especially if you are out of town .
0	for my car the average oil change runs about $ _num_ .
1	my stomach had turned at this point so i said `` no . ''
0	now it 's just crap .
1	quick _num_ hour visit turned into _num_ hours of pain !
0	the sandwich was just gross .
1	they turned no wait off and said they tried to call me .
0	utterly , totally unbelievable .
1	and i did n't turn it on to find out .
0	the pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a _num_ year old .
1	she then turned and rushed to get a new receipt .
0	i needed a cut so i went for it anyway .
1	i turned to the internet to find answers to my problems .
0	when we did finally get our food , it was ice cold .
1	i would 've had an extra beer but this turned me off immediately .
0	at that time , i even had a terrible interaction with the owner .
1	turns out they would have charged me less for my breaks .
0	what a horrible experience !
1	they office staff has a ridiculous turn over .
0	the store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards .
1	my stomach turned and i instantly wanted all that food out of my stomach .
0	we ate our dinner quickly because of how hungry we were .
1	she came back stating the turtle was indeed turning himself over .
0	my room came with an awesome jacuzzi .
1	first thing that turned me off was printed in the menu .
0	i 'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the french onion pot roast .
1	them to turn the fan off ... flat no response .
0	there were no parked cars visible from the road ; and _num_ ) .
1	i can not image turning away business in a poor economy .
0	one star for the ridiculous overcharge .
1	when my turn came , nobody was answering at the drive thru .
0	the potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall .
1	turns out , the dark brown layer was actually rotten avocado .
0	what a terrible experience .
1	i was quite turned off to the whole experience at this point .
0	i did n't see a piece of lump crab anywhere .
1	things took a turn for the worse .
0	long story short , i wo n't go back .
1	fix it or turn it off .
0	they do not take responsibility for their mistakes .
1	drove over to mesa and walked in to be instantly turned away .
0	eggplant parm was a little better than average .
1	i tried to turn on the television and the remote control did n't work .
0	the pittsburgh auto show was held at the david l. convention center .
1	that 's the ultimate turn off .
0	go to any other pharmacy in town , avoid giant eagle .
1	then , turns around and walks off .
0	man were they wrong !
1	a $ _num_ dollar groupon discount turned into a $ _num_ discount .
0	so very rude .
1	my ring started to turn gold .
0	i suspect it would be really delicious cold , for breakfast .
1	really turns me off .
0	none of the pastas had any flavor .
1	turns out our name was never on the list .
0	brandy was the worst .
1	but who can turn down amazing chicken strips ?
0	we had to flag down our waitress just to get refills .
1	my wait turned into _num_ minutes and no one said a word to me .
0	sure , it 's friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable .
1	turned out to be the absolute worst bowling experience ever .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	she turned out to be the only pleasant person during my whole experience .
0	this represents a real problem for the city .
1	when they are below _num_ , they turn on the heat .
0	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a lot more flavor .
1	it turns out , she 's not even old enough to drink !
0	even at the discounted price we paid for queens feast we felt robbed .
1	this visit turned us off , and we will not likely return .
0	owners should know how they are being represented at the front register .
1	what was originally an average lowe 's has turned into lowe 's hell .
0	the bread was the worst part .
1	was told a _num_ minute wait that turned into _num_ .
0	the room had a musty smell to it .
1	turns out the other two girls that went with me had the same problem .
0	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
1	it actually turned out to be _num_ .
0	very unappetizing and i was unable to continue eating .
1	that quickly turned into an hour and a half .
0	everything was overpriced ; drinks , entrees , and dessert .
1	on the 2nd load every it refused to turn off .
0	my overall point is just be careful working with them .
1	not such a great idea , as it turns out .
0	worst chinese food i 've ever had .
1	turns out i was wrong .
0	he said , oh about $ _num_ or $ _num_ .
1	there was an additional location listed for champaign which turns out to be closer .
0	however , each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller .
1	raise your hands high turn around and walk away .
0	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
1	what should have been a _num_ hour visit , easily turned into _num_ .
0	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
1	so turned off by this club .
0	$ _num_ / salad ?
1	it was turned into gray meat and cost almost _num_ dollars .
0	some drinks were returned from the bar while some never reached the table .
1	this is a poorly run business that could be turned into something great .
0	oh , and like _num_ slices of meat and a slice of cheese .
1	living here has turned out to be a complete nightmare .
0	last week i went in with a busted window screen frame .
1	then it took a turn for the worse .
0	they did n't .
1	to which i turned around and walked out .
0	because of number two our service in general was not good .
1	turns out the service team is n't very good here .
0	i would not recommend them .
1	something that was supposed to be a treat for me turned into a headache .
0	we ordered the `` pitt burger '' and boy was it disappointing .
1	it should have been my first sign to turn around and leave .
0	number of other guests is often zero - uncomfortable .
1	i then turned around and walked out .
0	not worth the $ _num_ .
1	we actually turned around and walked out because this place smelled so bad .
0	walked out without making purchase .
1	then they turn around and try to charge me for breaking the gate .
0	is n't the rule `` customer is always right '' ?
1	i was just really turned off from that experience .
0	i 've been meaning to go back to the fish market for so long .
1	your neighbors will break the rules in the lease agreement at every turn .
0	they used real garlic and it was served with it - minced .
1	they asked me for paperwork multiple times that i had already turned in .
0	the cupcakes were average at best .
1	they turned off my water without notice .
0	tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
1	i ran out of gas almost immediately after the fuel light turned on .
0	conference rooms were poorly set-up , freezing cold , and loud !
1	my moms phone just would n't turn on this morning .
0	then shortly after , i needed to replace the alternator or the like .
1	so standing over me taking my order made my stomach turn .
0	however , i 'm mainly rating their food and service .
1	i set up an appointment , showed up on time but was turned away .
0	really poor service and way overpriced .
1	a $ _num_ cab ride turned into a $ _num_ ride !
0	both were not unique in flavor or presentation .
1	this is now completely unfair to the people she initially turned away .
0	which i was , and i was not allowed in .
1	why would n't you just turn people away at the door ?
0	and , its not good .
1	he put the tv in my truck turned around and walked away .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	this guy tells me i need my rotors turned and a brake pad replacement .
0	_num_ .
1	a normal routine filling turned into a $ _num_ root canal and crown .
0	i ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and was disappointed .
1	when it was my turn , i was shipping out a prepaid box .
0	plus i was served teriyaki fajitas .
1	total travel of what could be _num_ turned into almost _num_ hrs .
0	do n't understand the hype .
1	the turn around time is brutal and the customer service is even worse .
0	the bar food is typical .
1	my group of _num_ was turned away because i did n't have a reservation .
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	staff has been rude or non-existent at every turn .
0	that 's where the praise ends .
1	i had low expectations of the hotel , which turned out to be accurate .
0	i said no thanks .
1	chefs can have an off day and food can turn , i get it .
0	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
1	wait out turn in er .
0	in addition to being condescending , they hung up on me .
1	not today , i turned right around and walked out .
0	i would give them zero stars if that was an option .
1	a once phoenix staple has turned into complete and utter crap .
0	the technique of the haircut is so poor .
1	turned out to be a big disappointment .
0	i literally walk past this subway _num_ times a week .
1	this place has constant management turn over .
0	he just said `` sorry man '' and did n't offer any solutions .
1	my iphone is _num_ 1/2 years old and was turning off on me constantly .
0	terrible .
1	go ask the nurse twice for your meds after she turns you away ?
0	lidia should spend more time in her restaurants to see first hand .
1	it turned into a giant mess .
0	we sat down for lunch after checking into our hotel room .
1	third : why would you turn away paying customers ?
0	typical fast chinese food .
1	and turn around and walk the hell out of there , seriously .
0	i have no idea why it ever left the kitchen .
1	it turns out that they had just forgotten to turn the sign on !
0	it is definitely not _num_ days free with no questioned asked .
1	i was right , i should have just turned around and leave the place .
0	surprised someone has n't been hurt yet .
1	11:00 turns and the gate does n't open .
0	if i could less than a star i would .
1	the teriyaki sauce was so watered down it turned my rice into soup .
0	it was nasty .
1	if u warm them up wow they turn into a hard crumb making mess .
0	the cashier was very polite , inviting , and helpful .
1	despite the good food the customer service has turned me away from this restaurant .
0	worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location .
1	instead of going off on everyone there i just turned around and left .
0	first time nothing unusual happened .
1	we just turned around and walked out at that point .
