0	unless you have no other choice do not shop here .
1	and the vegetables just did n't have a clean taste to them .
0	the host was horrendous and extremely rude .
1	that use frozen , poorly cooked vegetables .
0	rode my bike out to meet my old man .
1	i ordered veggie pho and substituted the noodles for extra vegetables .
0	nothing special .
1	frozen dough with chopped vegetables on it , little or no sauce .
0	the bedroom however seemed to dull car noise a little better .
1	i ordered an expensive chicken dish with potatoes and a vegetable .
0	so no , no thank you .
1	i ordered the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and vegetables .
0	i would not recommend them .
1	this chef does n't even know how to cook vegetables .
0	i try calling bj 's and wait over _num_ minutes on hold .
1	the green vegetables looks yellow .
0	basically , reservations mean nothing here .
1	the vegetables on both plates were not even luke warm .
0	i booked this hotel stay for a business ( military ) event .
1	the vegetables provided was obviously not fresh also .
0	the fries were cooked to perfection , but lacked flavor .
1	sweet sour chicken had no vegetables .
0	i 'd give it zero stars but yelp wo n't let me .
1	the mix of flavors with the vegetables is very off .
0	not worth the time and money to go here .
1	i ordered the usual , chicken with vegetables .
0	the only thing worse than the food is the service .
1	their vegetables were not fresh and very old .
0	suggestions , hmm not entirely sure since nothing i ate here impressed me much .
1	the vegetables had flavor , but not a good flavor .
0	worst .
1	fresh produce and extra convenient to have vegetables and fruits cut and packaged .
0	no way .
1	they also cooked the vegetables up fresh for you .
0	overall , i just was n't very impressed with the food .
1	and dinner is no better , just blah food and real poorly cooked vegetables .
0	why even keep this historical , old , dingy , dirty room ?
1	i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables .
0	not a good start .
1	the vegetables were bland and salty .
0	this is no mike and tony 's or big greek gyro in market square .
1	it was steamed vegetables on top rice !
0	you 'll save $ $ , time , and frustration !
1	assorted vegetables & tofu in yellow curry .
0	the egg roll 's did n't even have shrimp in them .
1	my vegetables that accompanied my dish were mostly just a pile of red onions .
0	i do n't understand all the rave reviews for this place .
1	i ordered the steak kabobs with roasted vegetables and potatoes .
0	rolls small lacking substance .
1	the vegetables were overcooked .
0	i do n't like coleslaw .
1	the moo shu vegetable could not have been more lackluster .
0	it was kind of uncomfortable .
1	$ _num_ + not to mention no vegetables came along with it .
0	i 've had appointments with salon owners and never had to leave payment info .
1	the vegetables were cold .
0	avoid this place at all costs !
1	the vegetable they used in the noodles were cheap .
0	dirty paper towels all over the women 's bathroom .
1	the shrimp fried rice is great , good with vegetables .
0	it was a small side salad of iceberg lettuce and croutons with italian dressing .
1	had chicken and vegetables in brown sauce in a bowl .
0	this place is way over priced .
1	no vegetables at all .
0	the location also seemed a bit sketchy ; i 'd avoid this one .
1	the tomato and vegetables like uncooked .
0	i wish someone had informed the port authority of this .
1	my husband had the same but with tofu and vegetables .
0	this is by the far the worst hibachi restaurant i have eaten at .
1	vegetables limp and overlooked .
0	i read about good stuff here but was very disappointed .
1	had the prime rib with sauteed mushrooms and steamed vegetables .
0	shame on you .
1	the food was flavorless and the vegetables were limp .
0	i you want chinese go to how lee , or china palace .
1	i ordered chicken piccata ( which comes with mashed potatoes and vegetables ) .
0	clearly she had a nasty cold and should 've stayed home that day !
1	it 's not like it was out of season , it was vegetables !
0	i also ordered boneless ribs , which were pretty good .
1	maybe some vegetables .
0	we were in a hurry because of limited visiting hours .
1	we both ordered grilled and steamed seafood dishes with salad & vegetables .
0	further , they were unapologetic when i complained .
1	great selection , good vegetables and fish .
0	you should avoid it at any time .
1	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
0	did n't like the presentation of the buffet .
1	vegetables were overcooked , cheese filling was bland , and the sauce was oily .
0	entire place smells like wet dog .
1	ordered the chicken shawarma , humus , and roast vegetables .
0	that 's not how it 's done in philly .
1	picture it , two scoops of rice with various vegetables .
0	i waited two hours today in the freezing cold to get to work .
1	only vegetables at the bottom of a large bowl of practically cold broth .
0	they do n't c are .
1	they could not have overcooked the vegetables , shrimp , and fish more .
0	garbage !
1	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
0	it 's my fault , i guess .
1	comes with vegetables and a drink for around _num_ bucks and change .
0	i am so disappointed .
1	my mother-in-law found that her crab cakes were overwhelmed by the accompanying vegetables .
0	the fries were fairly soggy and otherwise par for the course .
1	the vegetables that were served were overcooked and pretty tasteless .
0	small dark not very opening or friendly place .
1	vegetables and sides were awful .
0	i would not bring a spider there .
1	their dishes are severely lacking in vegetables , freshness , and flavor .
0	_num_ .
1	chicken curry very good - lots of vegetables and lots of flavor .
0	very cheap over breaded and not fresh at all .
1	i ordered an egg white omelette with vegetables and a side of buttermilk pancakes .
0	only after the third time returning did anyone apologize .
1	the vegetables were mush and again just luke warm .
0	everything was bland , nothing had seasoning , not even basic salt .
1	the vegetables were a joke .
0	unfortunately the food was a let down .
1	there was a great selection and variety of fresh vegetables which were well priced .
0	it was n't the best meal as far as service was concerned .
1	so it 's the same thing as just steamed vegetables , i asked ?
0	i walked in sat down , greeted by friendly staff and great decor .
1	there were n't many vegetables on my veggie mountain pizza .
0	sadly , they prepared kung pao beef instead .
1	the appetizers consisted of quiche ( blech ) and raw vegetables .
0	horrible experience .
1	well take your lazy butt to the back and chop up some more vegetables .
0	very bad .
1	it just show that this place does n't properly wash their vegetables .
0	what i was into was the german potato salad .
1	it came with wilted bean sprouts , no vegetables !
0	therefore , that left junior stylists to wash and dry my hair .
1	and my husband did n't even get his vegetables for his soup .
0	do n't use the drive-thru .
1	their vegetables were so old -- and it was what they recommended .
0	the salesperson walked away and proceed to start helping other customers .
1	this was more like garlic vegetables !
0	_num_ .
1	came with vegetables that did n't look terribly healthy .
0	the chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot .
1	our meals included soup or salad , potato , and a vegetable .
0	the price was fair and the delivery driver was nice .
1	do you like ordering a chicken dish and it is mostly vegetables ?
0	i 've had way better chinese sushi at giant eagle of all places .
1	its like they are mixing two recipes , chinese vegetable in the salad dish .
0	tasted very good , but i was disappointed in how dirty this place is .
1	all the vegetables are fresh and the pupusas are excellent .
0	i 'm certain they notice , they just do n't care .
1	they also use a lot of canned vegetables .
0	would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
1	the pad thai tofu with vegetables was so delicious and generous in portion size .
0	the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful .
1	our potatoes were cold the vegetables were n't cooked and our steak !
0	our food was cold .
1	it came with gnocchi and assorted vegetables .
0	needless to say we left , and we will not be going back .
1	vegetables are hit or miss , but some items worth the trip .
0	absolutely horrible customer service .
1	the `` vegetables '' were horrid bland tasteless .
0	waited _num_ minutes for drink , waitress got my order wrong .
1	moo goo gai pan was salty and all of the vegetables overcooked .
0	the old woman was not nice .
1	the only vegetables included potatoes and an occasional pea .
0	yelp need to have a zero rating for places like this .
1	it was incredible -- served over rice with sauted fresh vegetables .
0	the worst part was checking out .
1	mediocre selection of vegetables .
0	no tofu , no seasoning or sauce .
1	i was trying to be healthy by getting my vegetables in .
0	the pizza was n't bad , but it was n't great either .
1	why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked ?
0	never received a refill on my soda .
1	the vegetables here are high quality and presented so nicely .
0	we did n't realize most of the restaurants are closed on mondays .
1	mashed potatoes and vegetables were forgettable , too .
0	go for drinks and nothing more .
1	everything was delicious : seafood , meat , vegetables .
0	i will not recommended anyone to ever come here .
1	the asian stir fry vegetables were decent .
0	conference rooms were poorly set-up , freezing cold , and loud !
1	no vegetables .
0	hmm a bit misleading .
1	every dish has a beautiful palate of vegetables .
0	second , the sodas are not free refills !
1	not only that , but there was hardly any vegetables or chicken in it .
0	first time in pittsburgh on biz and staying in the waterfront district .
1	it was a chicken with stuffing , mashed potatoes , and fresh vegetables .
0	the service was horrible .
1	the used to have good vegetables and it used to be cleaner .
0	the breadsticks are alway delish and hard to turn away eating more .
1	i wanted more vegetables with the chicken teriyaki .
0	finally this place was stale like the bread !
1	potato , sauteed mushrooms & vegetables were good .
0	horrible salon ... dirty , also , just as a side note .
1	i got a veggie omelet that was supposed to include broccoli among other vegetables .
0	try $ _num_ , for real .
1	_num_ ) kids meal should could with fruit and/or vegetable .
0	the pasta at applebee 's are definitely not worth the $ _num_ they charge .
1	omelette is a very good size and full of vegetables .
0	but kitchen has a lot of problems .
1	the vegetables were cooked well but tasted mostly of salt .
0	unfortunately , the wi-fi here is miserable .
1	the side of vegetables were well cooked , buy again lacked any real flavor .
0	wow , this was just embarrassing ( for them ) .
1	the vegetables tasted old and were inedible .
0	the food was not good .
1	i was excited about all those yummy vegetables .
0	this rink just did n't blow my mind .
1	no meat or vegetables at all .
0	i had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce .
1	the vegetables are always overcooked , mushy and taste oily .
0	started with the bathrooms ... rarely cleaned , rarely working .
1	decent selection of fresh vegetables including an organic area .
0	maybe i just got an old cake , i do n't know .
1	bland tasteless meat , mushy vegetables , plain bread .
0	skip it !
1	turns out they do n't have mixed vegetables which is on the menu .
0	the last visit i overlooked the $ _num_ gnocchi special .
1	not enough properly cooked vegetables in soup and/or entrees .
0	the biggest disappointment was the veal chop .
1	the vegetables were mushy , but that was the least of its problems .
0	i also ordered a bowl of chili which was too spicy for me .
1	the vegetables and potatoes looked the same on every plate ( pet peeve ) .
0	the said they would get back to me within _num_ hours .
1	there were very few vegetables to order with it .
0	gross !
1	the few vegetables available were limp and over cooked .
0	_num_ mins .
1	i could hardly find any damn vegetables in the entire thing .
0	i end up picking half of my sandwich apart .
1	there were few vegetables in this curry , and the beef was exceptionally tough .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	however , the vegetables were fresh and tender and the potato slices tender .
0	yeah , that sounds like `` nothing 's wrong '' .
1	vegetables first time accompanied that dish not tasty .
0	do n't recommend buying a car of another make here .
1	curry was watery and thin , with barely a cup of vegetables per entree .
0	the owner called me to apologize .
1	i think it has vegetables , maybe . ''
0	i will say it was cheap and the spring roll was edible .
1	the vegetables taste fresh , too .
0	over time i 've been ignored , greeted with `` what do you want ?
1	my vegetables were overlooked as was my steak .
0	shame on you lincoln to run a bakery like this .
1	i had tofu mixed vegetables , which is my go-to .
0	our greeting at the front desk was awful .
1	digging into the teriyaki chicken i found a lot of vegetables and little chicken .
0	no thanks .
1	the rice is always fresh and the vegetables as well .
0	price was as i expected for a nice looking salon .
1	i really like the pizza and marinated vegetables .
0	do n't waste your time eating here .
1	my husband chose the special : scallops over risotto with vegetables at $ _num_ .
0	minus _num_ stars for not being much better than starbucks .
1	the vegetables on his plate were `` steamed '' to the point of trash .
0	nothing to recommend .
1	my friends vegetables were mush .
0	nothing to rave about .
1	side of vegetable was clearly a frozen vegetable mix .
0	had a friend who went here .
1	ordered salmon with vegetables .
0	wow , not so much .
1	the vegetables were overcooked and the dishes lacked flavor overall .
0	the romaine is especially pitiful .
1	the broth combined with seafood and vegetables is flavorful and delicious .
0	there were some pieces which could not be cut by my knife .
1	the name should be garlic with some vegetables and _num_ bites of chicken .
0	the breaded shrimp tasted weird too .
1	the reply was '' oh , yes , another vegetable . ''
0	not really .
1	they serve raw vegetables in their soup ?
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	i substituted the rice that it normally comes with for vegetables .
0	shortly after , another lady comes over .
1	ordered the shrimp and mixed vegetables , was served the shrimp and broccoli .
0	i do n't know why people are giving it such rave reviews .
1	and why do all the vegetables have the same taste and texture as tofu ?
0	are you kidding me ?
1	the vegetables were served last and were burned .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	vegetables were slimy .
0	i was tired , packed bags , and waiting to get to the airport .
1	i do n't know how they get away with selling moldy fruits and vegetables .
0	worst fast food i 've ever been to .
1	canned , mushy vegetables .
0	the food was also not too good .
1	the staff was pretty stingy with the vegetables too .
0	hostess was very awkward when seating us .
1	what really cracked me up was the vegetables .
0	`` it 's not coming off !
1	they pack plenty of meat in the sandwiches and use plenty of fresh vegetables .
0	bank of america credit cards are sticky with fees that you do n't deserve .
1	one thing about whole foods is they specialize in fresh fruits and vegetables .
0	_num_ .
1	the vegetables were cut too thin and ended up overcooked .
0	the `` lobster '' was sparse , tough , and flavorless .
1	apparently they have vegetables but i would n't call them healthy .
0	they never reached out to me , not once !
1	my plate was basically all vegetables , little to no noodles .
0	go back to the way it was done before .
1	the vegetables were n't even cooked .
0	i 'm not a fan of that .
1	my japanese teriyaki with shrimp tasted off as did the vegetable spring rolls .
0	the salads are small and nothing to write about .
1	i eat the first bite , the vegetables and meat were sort of cold .
0	very disappointed .
1	those cooks in the back really need to wash their vegetables better .
0	what a terrible experience .
1	the vegetables were limp and flavor less .
0	yesterday they were undercooked , gritty , and gross .
1	over cooked vegetables and really confused on what the meat was .
0	highly disappointing philly cheesesteak !
1	they hardly put any fresh vegetables in it , and the vermicelli is overcooked .
0	sunday went by then monday went by .
1	what part of `` grilled veggie burrito '' is supposed to have cold vegetables ?
0	the business is not run the way it has been in the past .
1	their vegetables are ok , but it 's not called nevada vegetable caf .
0	so i wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff .
1	our vegetables were so soft , they all tasted the same , mushy .
0	i stand by my decision : pass .
1	a great variety of fresh fruits and vegetables squeezed as i watched .
0	he did not seem to be too enthusiastic with his job .
1	vegetables for the salad were separate and not properly cut .
0	he was very rude to us .
1	the meat was quite chewy and tough ( i had beef with vegetables ) .
0	_num_ stars because the beer was good .
1	they said that each vegetable would be $ _num_ each .
0	person on the taking orders was rude when i called back with a problem .
1	i ordered chicken and shrimp w/ white rice and vegetables .
0	ridiculous .
1	breaded chicken was just ok , vegetables were still raw in sauce .
0	once again , they were not prompt .
1	watch out for the spicy lentils and vegetables though !
0	the main waiting area is also empty .
1	plus i think i found a fry or two with the vegetables .
0	slow kitchen right .
1	vegetables on the sandwich were sparse .
0	ugh .
1	none of our pho had side vegetables .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	good vegetables .
0	really bad service !
1	the vegetables were dry as well as the salmon .
0	if this establishment were to be in any other city they would be closed .
1	it was flavorful and spicy with fresh vegetables and basil .
0	not like you starbucks !
1	little meat or vegetables .
0	what a wreck .
1	the vegetables were n't even cooked , i 've never seen onions so raw .
0	very quick but kinda confusing to find the place .
1	the vegetables were not just mediocre quality , but clearly past their prime .
0	i had to walk around the whole restaurant to find my husband .
1	they always tend to carry unique vegetables needed for mexican meals .
0	luckily we had a fabulous dinner at another restaurant instead .
1	like its the same sauce , just with different meats and sometimes vegetables .
0	_num_ cents per slice for every topping ?
1	and old vegetable and only _num_ or _num_ choices ... all gross .
0	it was awful .
1	it 's supposed to have chicken , clear noodles , and mixed vegetables .
0	loud , loud , loud !
1	it was really lacking flavors and the vegetables just felt thrown in .
0	why would you even try to seat us like that ?
1	all vegetables were undercooked .
0	service was absolutely dismal for no good reason .
1	very limited choices in regards to meat , vegetables , and sauces .
0	nothing special , it is kmart after all .
1	most of the meat is made with alot of vegetables .
0	we just turned around and walked out at that point .
1	the vegetables were old , and the potatoes were soggy and flavorless .
0	both were so bland i could have prepared a better version at home .
1	limited choices of vegetables at salad bar at lunch .
0	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
1	large portions of noodles and vegetables .
0	everyone else in my group was disappointed in some way with our visit .
1	the sauce and vegetables was just okay , but definitely edible .
0	my only regret is i can not leave a 1/2 star rating .
1	wish they put more vegetables .
0	at that point i would 've just taken a plain biscuit !
1	on the choice of cheap vegetables to accompany the cheese .
0	there were no complaints with the chicken , the only star of this evening .
1	the vegetables are wilted and look old .
0	there 's a reason it cost that , because it was n't very good .
1	uncooked vegetables in the soup .
0	tandoori salmon was average .
1	my vegetables were obviously charred and they still sent me the dish .
0	i did n't get a chance to try any food and i never will .
1	also , i ordered the udon vegetable .
0	worst experience at a restaurant ever .
1	rice noodles and vegetables with seafood were also excellent .
0	the front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer .
1	the vegetables were undercooked and hard .
0	ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
1	there are no vegetables or egg or taste .
0	at our table and then left prior to ordering .
1	i chose the buffet because i wanted some vegetables .
0	possible the most frustrating company i have ever interacted with .
1	wife ( vegetarian ) got the mixed vegetables with brown sauce .
0	i had made the reservation several weeks prior , with guaranteed late arrival .
1	and our vegetable chow mein was a bowl of soupy vegetables .
0	avoid the valet at all costs !
1	the lo mein was bland and lacked in vegetables .
