0	i asked for a pen , not a kidney .
1	there was dirt on our veggies in our spring rolls .
0	the food on the other hand - absolutely horrible .
1	veggies hard as rocks .
0	puts it into a glass and serves it to someone else .
1	i ordered the supreme which had veggies , sausage , and pepperoni .
0	was she having a bad day ?
1	the veggies were the only high spot .
0	if that does n't work , then they try to scare you w/ it .
1	thinly sliced beef with assorted veggies ( some greens , noodles , mushrooms ) .
0	rude .
1	there were n't many vegetables on my veggie mountain pizza .
0	poor attention to detail , poor quality .
1	cold eggs , cold potatoes , cold bacon , cold sauted veggies .
0	i understand , you ca n't try them all .
1	no sauce , no veggies , nothing on the noodles .
0	very unappetizing and i was unable to continue eating .
1	hardly any veggies in their entrees .
0	good groupon deal but terrible food - will not be back .
1	the soup and noodles were passable , but the veggies were super bland .
0	this place is a bad idea all around .
1	i got a chicken burrito and she had a bean or veggie burrito .
0	it was super busy and only _num_ employees were making food .
1	the eggrolls were filled with cheap veggies .
0	no taste at all .
1	it 's greasy , soggy limp veggies served on rock hard dried out rice .
0	the team went out of their way to get us in quickly and efficiently .
1	the veggie wrap was not the best i 've had by far .
0	every time , we have a worse experience with customer service .
1	the veggies were a very mushy and lacking in flavor .
0	they will not get another dime of mine .
1	the food ( even the side of veggies ) was sooo greasy and fatty .
0	i did n't feel welcome here .
1	but the veggies were old and wilted .
0	i 'll be honest , i just do n't get it .
1	bread selection and veggie selection is limited .
0	not good .
1	selection of veggies are ok .
0	i think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients !
1	i am a vegetarian and was horrified to find meat in my veggie soup .
0	too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
1	i ordered a veggie burrito with a side of fruit and some salsa .
0	will never go back to that place again .
1	they even messed up a veggie burrito .
0	so many fountains , open areas , gardens to visit .
1	no chicken , or fajita veggies or chips !
0	the server apologized and offered to get the correct sandwhich for me to go .
1	the sauce was alright , the chicken and veggies were good .
0	the staff is the most unfriendly and have a carefree attitude .
1	togo 's is not the place to go if you want a veggie sub .
0	there is no lobby to hold people before a show .
1	it was mainly cheap rice noodles with sauce and green veggies .
0	i chose the fiesta chicken chopped salad and new chicken tortilla soup .
1	a curry dish with barely any veggies ?
0	no more smoking allowed .
1	recently i got the veggie fajitas .
0	i 'm a guy , i 've got a short haircut .
1	veggie on whole wheat was loaded with peppers and mushrooms and more .
0	however the experience here was not very good !
1	the veggies they put in it were green and tasted fresh .
0	they screwed up a club sandwich & fries .
1	generic brown sauce thrown in with different veggies to make different dishes .
0	but sometimes , you just have to , ya know ?
1	add insult to injury they did n't even include my side of veggies .
0	i should not be responsible for the bill .
1	the veggie quesadillas were ok .
0	not at this location .
1	was pretty much coconut water with very little veggies and almost no taste .
0	also , parking is a big problem .
1	loose fruit and veggies - um , no .
0	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
1	the only vegetarian lunch item is the cold veggie sandwich .
0	i gave the bartender $ _num_ and only received $ _num_ back .
1	the sauce surrounding it was too much sauce with very little veggies in it .
0	ridiculous policies and move out fees .
1	there were very few veggies , and no extras , included in the burritos .
0	i would never come back .
1	i ordered veggie fajitas but actual fajita veggies cost extra ?
0	i ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard .
1	that is the only reason to not just take some veggies out .
0	the place is empty .
1	not even any rice or veggies .
0	mixed drinks are way too pricey for the location .
1	the veggie burrito was sad with undercooked pink rice and flavorless veggies .
0	they seem overpriced , too .
1	not a huge selection of veggies .
0	staff very rude .
1	the veggies were overly salty table round .
0	some things cold , when they should be hot .
1	the veggies were honestly just plain wrong .
0	nothing but breading .
1	unfortunately there were no grilled veggies in it !
0	pamela is a bad representation of this location !
1	not of this place but of the super healthy veggie .
0	very disappointed with this restaurant .
1	we had a half pepperoni , half veggie .
0	overall , this joint was not that great .
1	it was like hospital cafeteria veggies .
0	while it has a somewhat trendy looking menu , do n't be fooled .
1	the chef came out then promptly dumped the veggies and raw meat together .
0	after _num_ more min .
1	pick off most of the veggies to make them passable .
0	would n't come here again .
1	not enough veggies or peanuts ( which seemed kind of stale ) .
0	very rude and unprofessional , do n't go there !
1	the veggies and cheese were barely cooked .
0	terrible customer service .
1	veggies that are plain but buttery .
0	do n't say i did n't warn you !
1	and fried rice was very oily and with frozen veggies : ( .
0	altogether , spent $ _num_ and left with a great disappointment !
1	we had a medium pizza , half new yorker and half veggie .
0	check my purse , yes , but leave my purse with complete strangers ?
1	we ordered steak of course , with garlic potatoes and some veggies .
0	not worth the time and money to go here .
1	a lot of veggies very little steak or chicken .
0	quickly losing stars .
1	grilled veggies tasted cold and _num_ hours ago .
0	i tried the pasta once and it was tasteless .
1	safe w/ grilled veggies .
0	however , i knew my husband wanted to use the gift card .
1	the veggies were not cooked still raw .
0	not a fan of this `` german '' place .
1	nothing wrong with a little veggie feast every now and again .
0	no salad .
1	i go every january and february to get my veggies not this coming year .
0	did n't go so well .
1	sometimes they will pack the sandwich full of veggies , often not .
0	they are completely mean and disrespectful .
1	the veggie stir fry was terrible .
0	the prices here can be ridiculous .
1	$ _num_ for steamed veggies in soy sauce ?
0	but i do n't think i 'll be going back anytime soon .
1	the mashed potatoes had no flavor at all and the veggies were cold .
0	did n't eat here ... this review not about the food .
1	it was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top .
0	i did like the home fries , very yummy !
1	i paid extra for grilled veggies and extra chicken .
0	i would be careful ordering food here .
1	it 's like they do n't keep their veggies in a cooler .
0	worst ever at everything they do .
1	hardly any veggies , no egg or meat , inconsistent color throughout the rice .
0	just totally inconsiderate .
1	the veggies were wilted and watery .
0	the waitstaff saw what was happening and did n't care at all .
1	they are not pleased when they have to say which veggies they have .
0	personally , i was n't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza .
1	the only thing available were frozen veggie burgers and really thin fried pork .
0	i could n't even see the shrimp underneath the thick crust of cajun seasoning .
1	where 's the beef and overcooked tofu , with very little veggies .
0	i 've experienced better '' ) because i have .
1	even with the salsa the chicken was dry and the veggies were soggy .
0	was also told i get free $ _num_ gift certificate at restaurant.com .
1	barely any veggies and not nearly enough lettuce even after i asked for more .
0	the only thing they did n't want to do was flush my brake fluid .
1	the veggies are n't fresh .
0	i do not support this unethical business practice .
1	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
0	i ordered the bone in fillet , they brought me a ribeye .
1	hell no ... they eat mostly meat and some veggies .
0	i have to wait _num_ days to have service restored .
1	the burrito was just veggies folded into a burrito .
0	but there 's nothing special about this place .
1	you get literally _num_ pieces of veggie tempura .
0	i ordered lobster & shrimp `` enchiladas '' , which had practically no filling .
1	veggies were mushy .
0	i will say it was cheap and the spring roll was edible .
1	full of yummy , crispy veggies .
0	but rather good could n't complain .
1	a couple of steamed veggies would have paired nicely .
0	did n't wait long to be seated .
1	i had a veggie hoagie and cheese fries .
0	slow kitchen right .
1	both portions were broth & veggies , no meatballs at all !
0	fish tacos - _num_ people in our party got these .
1	my sauce was missing flavor as equally my veggies and beef were bland .
0	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
1	half of the condiments and veggie bins are empty .
0	either way , on a saturday night , i would n't recommend going here .
1	i ordered the pho veggies and was sadly disappointed .
0	the wifi signal is weak .
1	the pizza is soggy especially the veggie .
0	needless to say we will never go there again .
1	- the veggies on the side to put on the burger were n't crisp .
0	crust tasted like frozen pizza crust .
1	this time no steak , no veggies , and a lot of people waiting .
0	they lack skills .
1	i loaded my bowl up with steak and chicken with a lot of veggies .
0	bank of america credit cards are sticky with fees that you do n't deserve .
1	the mixed veggies that came with my meal tasted like reheated frozen veggies .
0	needless to say .
1	the garden veggie soup is watery , not recommended .
0	the sandwiches they serve are gross !
1	the meat were tasteless and dry and so were the veggies !
0	did n't live up to my expectations at all .
1	chicken was dry , veggies & egg rolls were soggy .
0	the waitress was rude and tried to rush us .
1	veggies were not cooked .
0	if only they could train their employees better .
1	the broiled flounder was n't very hot and neither were my steamed veggies .
0	continuing on , check out was a nightmare !
1	so was the veggie beef soup .
0	huge disappointment .
1	first off , i ordered the veggie burger without cheese or mayo .
0	it was hard to find a machine .
1	the veggies were cold and there was a piece of hair on the broccoli .
0	maybe the waitress was having a bad day .
1	hardly any beef , the veggies were all previously frozen .
0	i talked to him for _num_ minutes and he was polite and friendly .
1	once to tell me that they could n't do the veggies .
0	followed with an arrogant face !
1	the veggies looked sad .
0	there are other better pizza places in the area .
1	veggies and chicken were okay too .
0	honestly , it looked like someone had already starting eating this .
1	i even asked for veggies well done .
0	the food just is n't that great .
1	it was more like veggie fajitas .
0	only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it !
1	i ordered a shrimp and veggie stir fry to go .
0	this place charges $ _num_ for _num_ minutes .
1	i had ordered the veggie burrito , which was absolutely awful .
0	our waitress carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude .
1	so i switched to a veggie patty and bbq chicken .
0	in a very rude voice .
1	i ordered the veggie burger with no cheese and a side of fruit .
0	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
1	was i wrong to expect that a veggie burrito would contain veggies ?
0	are you freaking kidding me ?
1	it was just a tortilla stuffed with veggies .
0	for a sandwich advertised to have delicious bacon , this fell way short .
1	i ordered a veggie dog , which i 've had before and is vegetarian .
0	he put the tv in my truck turned around and walked away .
1	they use a sub-par amount of veggies .
0	mussels were freezing cold .
1	i ordered a skinny slice pizza with veggies on it .
0	and pittsburgh has some pretty bad chinese places .
1	her veggies were burnt so badly she did n't eat them .
0	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
1	for the main course , we ordered some grilled veggie burritos enchilada style .
0	bad service !
1	my preferred sandwich is a veggie and cheese with extra cheese and add avocado .
0	poor food poor excuses and apparently poor ownership .
1	the veggies were old and wilted , and there was no dressing on either .
0	noise level -- painful ?
1	i was looking forward to steamed veggies , but they did n't have any .
0	the coffee was disappointing -- it came with plastic cups of half & half .
1	the second sandwich was another veggie .
0	everything took a long time to come out and the service was very poor .
1	but the veggie tempura was terrible !
0	the karaoke host was just lame .
1	this limited me to lo mein , chow mein or rice with veggies .
0	it was average , but not restaurant quality .
1	there was virtually no sign of the sauce or veggies i had requested .
0	i am giving it a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	steamed veggies $ _num_ , total bill for three $ _num_ , total ripoff .
0	she and i were both a little nervous about getting poor service .
1	no veggies .
0	he did not understand and said , no coupon .
1	veggie burrito was ok.
0	service was really bad even though the place was half empty .
1	my veggie burrito was almost $ _num_ and not very appetizing .
0	else , you will find better value and experience elsewhere .
1	$ _num_ for my veggie burrito !
0	painfully mediocre : small rolls , $ _num_ miso soup , drinks were reasonable .
1	i ordered the chicken and shrimp with mixed veggies for my entre .
0	the wait staff is slow and management has no clue .
1	the chicken was diced so small that could have passed for a diced veggie .
0	could n't do that !
1	cheese was melted but the veggies on top were cold and raw .
0	she showed me two options and i chose one .
1	it 's hard to screw up miso soup , edamame and veggie rolls .
0	there are better places in pittsburgh to get a burger and fries .
1	also my veggies were n't seasoned at all and were not even steamed .
0	gone is the famous gm bill .
1	i order veggie fried rice , veggie egg rolls and fried chicken wings .
0	i 'm not asking too much .
1	the brie was really thin and sparse and the veggies were definitely not fresh .
0	cheap , everyone seems to say that .
1	veggies and bacon looked unappetizing .
0	i again had offended by my request .
1	the veggies , although fresh and crisp added nothing to the dish .
0	they do not stand by their mistakes .
1	as far as veggies goes , not tasty is for sure .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	some food was inedible salty and the veggies had no seasoning whatsoever .
0	disappointed !
1	rice and the veggies i got were no problem .
0	i would always suggest it when friends asked me where to go .
1	i just waited one hour for a veggie omelette that tasted like fish .
0	and , a table of _num_ leaving and all paying separately .
1	nothing was comped , not even the side seasonal veggies .
0	you 'll save $ $ , time , and frustration !
1	the veggies were cold and the tofu had never touched a pan .
0	i ca n't even guess how unsanitary it might be .
1	with grilled veggies and mashed potatoes .
0	avoid .
1	i can see extra for avocado or bacon , but not the basic veggies .
0	what a mistake it was .
1	no veggies or meat , basically white rice .
0	real bad .
1	my `` waitress '' asked me if i wanted pork or veggie .
0	i fed my whole family breakfast ( _num_ of us ) for $ _num_ .
1	it is dirt cheap and if they had veggie alternatives i would definitely return .
0	very disappointed that i can not be seen sooner .
1	when my dish comes out , it 's literally just steamed veggies and rice .
0	this place is awful .
1	the chips are topped with pickled veggies and sprinkled with spices .
0	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
1	the salad was basic iceberg lettuce and a few other veggies .
0	nah ... why bother when there are so many other options around .
1	anyway the meat and veggies were good but no seafood available .
0	i told him they are too noisy .
1	veggies and toppings were fresh , but limited .
0	the bathrooms were gross and probably never clean .
1	it is like white rice with veggies mixed in .
0	_num_ .
1	i left the veggies and walked away .
0	at that point our drinks were empty .
1	i only order for either a veggie bowl or a chicken bowl .
0	do n't waste your time , order from somewhere else .
1	i ordered the veggie burrito with no cheese .
0	my sides , german potato salad and braised red cabbage , were equally awful .
1	a veggie burrito for example is _num_ calories .
0	i 'd have to say it was no where near an awesome experience .
1	veggies were fresh , some of the quantities pretty skimpy .
0	they also have fake sales .
1	this time it was runny bland mushy rice with extra mushy veggies .
0	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
1	ordered a noodle bowl two veggie egg rolls and tom yum soup .
0	i walked in and was ignored .
1	the veggies are ice cold with tons of butter and barely cooked .
0	however , be sure to ask for a tour and see the space .
1	me , the veggie burger with kale salad .
0	unfortunately what i got tasted like a canned sauce with minced onions .
1	they tend to skimp on toppings here though especially the veggies .
0	this place is sad .
1	even the stir fry veggies were bad -- how do you mess that up ?
0	the cheese was loaded on the top with almost no crab flavor .
1	the veggies were piping hot and the baked beans were tasty .
0	awful customer service !
1	my wife 's veggie sandwich was very plain .
0	this particular location is horrible .
1	breading that is inedible and over cooked veggies that were limp and tasteless .
0	i did n't think it could get any worse ... .
1	no flavor , no heat , and no veggies .
0	it 's horrible .
1	veggies for the soup - no so fresh .
0	a completely clueless one , that 's what kind .
1	what part of `` grilled veggie burrito '' is supposed to have cold vegetables ?
0	anything dealing with food is a train wreck .
1	so sad to see this neighborhood gem go veggie .
0	poor service that leaves tenants to fight mildew on their own .
1	no sauce , no veggies , nothing .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in ages .
1	i ordered chicken pad thai and wanted to replace the shrimp with veggies .
0	pricey and does n't live up to it at all .
1	could have used more sauce and veggies .
0	literally the worst experience ever .
1	not a good meat to veggie to tortilla ratio .
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	hardly a veggie in their food .
0	while they are remodeling this is no longer a business class hotel .
1	we had to wait a long time for our veggie sandwiches .
0	first of all , the gym in pretty cheap .
1	the steamed veggies were ok and the parmesan fries were good .
0	but for a few seconds , water completely stops .
1	the bowl of rice and veggies is kind of hard to screw up .
0	the quality of service from the staff was inconsistent .
1	we ordered the veggie plate and tried all _num_ different sides .
0	very bland .
1	there were no other veggies or anything .
0	over crowded , loud , and not a relaxing experience .
1	the only two good things are the veggie rolls and the vegetable soup .
0	way overpriced for just ok food .
1	no additional veggies or croutons .
0	hope i have better luck next time !
1	the veggies under it were not mexican !
0	i feel like everything i say is wrong .
1	my snow crab legs were good , but the side veggies were not .
0	thats as american as fortune cookies .
1	my veggie burrito came out quickly and steaming hot .
0	as if the food is not the real star of the show .
1	one veggie taco being $ _num_ ?
0	the pizza was really really greasy .
1	the veggies were not fresh , they seemed to be canned .
0	unfortunately , i hung up feeling like a major inconvenience .
1	the second star for the veggie loaf i tried from someone else 's plate .
0	there are much better choices in uptown charlotte !
1	produce has rotten fruits n veggies , grocery had out of date products .
0	this food is just crap .
1	i simply ordered a veggie and cheese .
0	i assure you this place is n't it .
1	steamed veggies were steamed to goo .
0	i was not impressed with my sandwich there .
1	it was mostly broth with few veggies .
0	but overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason !
1	second , it just did not seem like there were extra veggies .
0	they can not even cook edamame , it was undercooked and cold .
1	our veggie moo shu was boring & had no egg in it ?
