0	once again , they were not prompt .
1	i came in for my first visit and was very disappointed .
0	overall , haircut & style = _num_ stars .
1	my first visit to blue a few years ago was fabulous .
0	- mushroom pasta : again quite rich and salty .
1	visit another club , this one is n't it !
0	thee buffalo chicken sandwich had no lettuce or tomato on it .
1	but this was our first visit , and we wo n't be back .
0	shame on you benihana .
1	after my visit last night , i have no desire to ever go again .
0	this was done _num_ years ago .
1	i will not visit this place again .
0	and def not as good !
1	third ( and i 'm afraid final ) visit was a disaster .
0	horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts .
1	the first visit took almost seven hours , not _num_ .
0	all that money spent elsewhere because of one power trip .
1	so something weird to begin our visit ... .
0	so i had to eat my sides cold .
1	the visit i am reviewing was for take-out .
0	the sheer size of it all was just too much too .
1	i will not visit jordan 's again .
0	not acceptable .
1	however , this past visit was unfortunate .
0	just getting our drinks out was confusing .
1	we were visiting friends in charlotte and chose macaroni grill to meet .
0	however , they have several cooked selections .
1	there , we would visit a dozen times per year .
0	and the prices too high .
1	my last visit they ran out of shopping carts .
0	what i got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich .
1	she proceeds to tell me that today 's visit is $ _num_ .
0	this giant eagle market district is garbage .
1	i will not be going there nor will i be recommending anyone to visit .
0	what a disappointment .
1	please save your money and visit another store or company .
0	parking sucks .
1	this is something that tram 's has gotten badly wrong every time i visited .
0	it is ridiculous !
1	however i do not plan on visiting another burger king any time soon .
0	very rude and condescending .
1	miso soup had an odd taste this visit .
0	will never return to any location !
1	each visit was more bizarre than the time before .
0	the food was not bad but it was not good .
1	needless to say we wo n't be visiting ever again .
0	heavy and bland .
1	however , my last two visits were terrible .
0	the store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere .
1	the place was much less noisy and crowded at my second visit .
0	no wonder it is for sale .
1	everyone else in my group was disappointed in some way with our visit .
0	from there , it takes them another _num_ minutes to fill one prescription .
1	i have visited luna four times now and each time is worse than before .
0	they 've ruined my clothes on _num_ separate occasions !
1	on this visit i choose the grilled chicken and steak tacos .
0	so long story short , this place is packed .
1	this was our first visit to this restaurant .
0	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
1	thank you for your feedback regarding your visit to spaghetti warehouse .
0	a simple `` sorry for the wait '' would have been nice .
1	our ears ringing , we wandered around visiting the exhibits .
0	and then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too .
1	this visit was nothing more than q & a .
0	then , they are n't even that nice !
1	panera quality should be consistent no matter what location you visit .
0	it must not have been bad because i do n't remember anything about it .
1	no parking = no visit from me .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	my first visit i went for normal x-ray and cleaning covered by insurance .
0	what a complete waste of time .
1	i recently visited mert 's for a brunch date and was so excited .
0	boring sandwich .
1	i am visiting from california and was very disappointed with the service and food .
0	it tasted like charcoal .
1	he apologized for the error and waited on us the rest of the visit .
0	she failed to follow-up when she promised .
1	i visited this restaurant with a phoenix dining card and never got my discount .
0	based on all the other reviews , probably safe to stick to pho .
1	it will be a long time before we consider another visit .
0	the sub was not one bit better than subway .
1	on my last _num_ visits it was for over $ _num_ .
0	if you 're not getting that , do n't bother .
1	the last visit last night was the third strike and sw is out !
0	it is just disgusting .
1	to add insult to the visit , i got food poisoning !
0	this giant eagle maybe the worst supermarket i 've ever been to .
1	i took my children here while visiting my sister in champaign .
0	_num_ .
1	will not return or recommend anyone else visits this establishment .
0	for an appetizer , _num_ entrees , and naan .
1	the only good thing about this visit was the receptionist .
0	the manicure was very quick and not at all thorough .
1	not our first visit , not our first choice .
0	the parking lot is miserable .
1	unfortunately on this particular visit we did n't get a hot waitress .
0	it took _num_ months for them to resolve this situation .
1	on most visits it takes em about _num_ minutes .
0	further , they were unapologetic when i complained .
1	this is the last time i visit this establishment .
0	the first time i went it was okay , but was very forgettable .
1	so , obviously will not be staying there on future visits to charlotte .
0	food takes forever and it does n't come out right .
1	this is n't a facility that i would ever visit again !
0	_num_ weeks later , no title ?
1	horrible experience again made sandwich wrong for 3rd visit .
0	i was starving so at this point i just made do .
1	but ... i will visit _num_ more times for a total of _num_ .
0	after waiting another five to ten minutes someone finally came .
1	i suppose the entire visit was lackluster .
0	zero stars .
1	i am usually extremely satisfied with champaign restaurants but this visit was pitiful .
0	there is no lobby to hold people before a show .
1	i visited around lunch time and the food was not that good .
0	half the time our drinks were empty .
1	second visit was as underwhelming .
0	horrible customer service and they always screw up our orders .
1	i just remembered why i do n't visit chain sit down restaurants .
0	my first time at primanti bros in pittsburgh , pa .
1	i 'll try that if i ever visit g & d again .
0	i 'm not even sure where to start .
1	my family visited the restaurant recently .
0	the service , however , was terrible .
1	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
0	ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired .
1	we will not visit this location again .
0	it was messy .
1	i visited recently and i will not be returning , ever !
0	this was the only place where nothing tasted like any of them .
1	visited for the first time on friday , july _num_ .
0	no wonder the store was empty .
1	i had visited this restaurant in the past and remember it being much better ?
0	after _num_ years i 'd hoped they would have improved but i was wrong .
1	so not a great visit but not the worst , either .
0	i did n't get what i ordered .
1	never again will i visit this store .
0	the beds are very comfortable so you can get a good night 's sleep .
1	overall myself and my friend were deeply disappointed in our visit .
0	overall it was just ok food served by an incompetent waiter .
1	recently visited modern lighting , and would never purchase from that store .
0	do not get married here !
1	wo n't be visiting there again .
0	so , i am assuming they were delivered by a neighbor .
1	extremely disappointing first time visit .
0	i was a little dissatisfied in how poorly i welcomed to the hotel .
1	my pet 's annual visit was over well $ _num_ .
0	our main dishes were equally mediocre .
1	i go there often but my last three visit were terrible .
0	i guess i expected fabulous -- but everything was just good , nothing spectacular .
1	i was really disappointed with this visit .
0	it came with mashed potatoes which were definitely from a package .
1	went on the visit and nothing was done .
0	the room i stayed in was old and run down .
1	they definitely lost a customer today -- and for all future visits .
0	for $ _num_ with the owner .
1	my last two visits there were very disappointing .
0	service was ok , birthday dessert was a bowl of whipped cream .
1	i had a great visit here .
0	the collards were authentic and would get them again .
1	visited with a party of _num_ last weekend for a friend 's birthday .
0	unacceptable .
1	i visit phoenix frequently and this is my first stay at this location .
0	came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service .
1	for example , at my most recent visit i ordered the steak gorgonzola alfredo .
0	i was very disappointed .
1	not a place i will re visit .
0	everything was just bland and disappointing .
1	i 'm done with this place and not visiting this again .
0	it 's annoying , i get it .
1	it 's not worth the visit .
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	our visit on may _num_ was less than stellar .
0	perhaps next time we 'll just stop by for drinks instead .
1	service , worse every visit .
0	there was no internet at the time .
1	i will definitely not visit this place ever again .
0	literally disgusting .
1	it ruined our first visit in charlotte .
0	i over cooked greasy fries like everyone else .
1	we used to visit this place most every time we went to pittsburgh .
0	i was definitely not wowed by the sushi here .
1	i am consistently disappointed when i visit monty 's .
0	the main courses themselves were a disaster .
1	it took many visits to ensure the job was done correctly .
0	nothing has changed .
1	my mom was coming into town to visit and wanted to hire a car .
0	this used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat .
1	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
0	not anymore though .
1	it was totally different from all other og restaurants i 've visited .
0	the worst part , though , is the service .
1	cherry blossom will not be getting any more visits from us .
0	the side soup is luke warm , soup should always be hot .
1	hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain .
0	will not be coming back to this place unless i 'm dragged .
1	this was my second visit and alas , my last .
0	it less than _num_ minutes to cook both the burgers and fries .
1	every time i visit this starbucks , it is completely slammed .
0	i 'd never had the food before .
1	never been to another macayos but not gon na try after that visit .
0	i think we waited about _num_ mins , which was n't bad .
1	i 'd give only _num_ star , but previous visits were acceptable .
0	it 's not what i was looking for , but thank you '' .
1	last nights visit to buca was less than i expect from this restaurant .
0	and nobody smiled at anyone else .
1	do not , i repeat , do not visit this establishment .
0	my appointment was at 8:30 am , i was on time .
1	after a recent visit , i still have no idea .
0	weekend : dont bother .
1	we were very very very unhappy with our visit .
0	sucks , sucks , sucks .
1	not only this visit , several past visits .
0	the quote was $ _num_ dollars .
1	never again will i visit this office again .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	i visited nc and thought this place was disgusting , i sure was right !
0	i just do n't get how anyone could like it ?
1	i was n't too impressed with my visit here .
0	pasta trio - _num_ out of the _num_ was passable .
1	i visited g & d during the light rail pub crawl .
0	as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready .
1	i 'll limit my visits until i find that treasure .
0	my steak was not cooked to the right temperature - well vs medium well .
1	i wish i had taken pictures of my visit today .
0	i have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed .
1	unfortunately tonight 's visit was far from superb as we are used to .
0	not very complicated .
1	worst service i have ever had two visits in a row .
0	just awful .
1	the worst part of this last visit was the service .
0	its really too bad , they are super close to my apartment .
1	wo n't be back when visiting again .
0	fridays seems to have gone down hill .
1	i had visiting family and they tried to sit us at separate tables ?
0	it was so dirty i could barley contain myself .
1	on my second visit here , i had a very unpleasant experience .
0	no quick and easy app or beers on the house .
1	never spent more than _num_ minutes with me in any of the visits .
0	_num_ beer per hour maximum .
1	after my last visit ( my 4th to this location ) , i quit .
0	the quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor .
1	visited on a friday night and it was pretty crowded .
0	`` nah '' it was _num_ .
1	on morning one of my visit i accidentally broke the waffle batter machine .
0	fyi - prices are scheduled to go up jan _num_ _num_ .
1	please be very careful if you still want to visit this showroom .
0	learn from my mistake .
1	had such high hopes for this place on our visit to pittsburgh .
0	i want so badly to like this place !
1	wo n't visit again .
0	they did n't even get their drinks .
1	the most disappointing aspect of our visit was the smoked beef brisket .
0	no drinks .
1	i will never visit this place again .
0	however , from the get go , our host was absolutely terrible .
1	my last visit was months ago and i could n't wait to leave .
0	is n't that what baked ziti is ?
1	all in all , i 'm quite a bit disappointed with this visit .
0	i 'm not sure its all made in-house anymore .
1	i will not visit this restaurant again .
0	never going back .
1	but after our most recent visit , i 'm not feeling the love .
0	they said they had an appointment to taste wedding cakes .
1	what a terrible visit !
0	however , i can order a salad with french fries on it .
1	visiting charlotte from los angeles while husband is in town for business .
0	we finally got our money back , we did n't even eat the food .
1	so many fountains , open areas , gardens to visit .
0	the menu is small with very limited choices .
1	not at all like other bojangles i have visited .
0	what a horrible experience .
1	the visit i made on my birthday jan _num_ , was the absolute worst .
0	if you want rock bottom food , head to rock bottom .
1	the worst best buy i have ever visited .
0	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
1	this has happened the last _num_ out of _num_ times i visited this location .
0	we left einstein 's because it was crowded .
1	we were not pleased and will definitely not be visiting this restaurant again .
0	sad to see it go .
1	unfortunately for olive or twist , the visit would probably be our last .
0	but i ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo , nothing to rave about .
1	did get a coupon for a return visit .
0	apart from that , i do n't know why you 'd return .
1	would not visit again .
0	overall just a really bad experience .
1	the second time , we visited in the afternoon for lunch .
0	the spring rolls were completely soggy .
1	i will never visit this location again and will also write outback personally .
0	i do n't think their menu is limited though , it seemed fairly typical .
1	i did n't mind my overpriced drink that visit .
0	nothing raw , nothing green , nothing fresh , not even as an ingredient .
1	we did n't , as this was our first visit .
0	i was extremely disappointed w/ my experience at alexander 's last evening .
1	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
0	what the hell is going on people ?
1	the friendly service is probably not enough to get us back for another visit .
0	they are in terrible shape .
1	major disappointment as that stuff is the highlight of a hibachi visit !
0	it 's fairly disgusting ( sticky tables , trash everywhere ) .
1	no repeat visit for me .
0	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
1	i visited here at 6:30 p.m. on a saturday night .
0	was n't impressed by their sunday brunch .
1	visited juan 's after reading the numerous complementary reviews .
0	ugh .
1	drinks sat empty most of our visit .
0	the galleria ... it 's definitely catered to the upper class .
1	i have tried radio maria on visits to cu .
0	no greeter so we were n't sure where to go .
1	they kept the beer and wine flowing at our table at every visit .
0	how disgusting .
1	i gave this place _num_ visits and each time i was left disappointed .
0	the sandwich was just gross .
1	however , on my second visit we had terrible service .
0	kind of disappointed but it was five dollars for the shrimp basket i got .
1	restrooms are always dirty at every visit i 've been there .
0	never coming back again , it was such a waste of money !
1	this family of _num_ wo n't be visiting china sea ever again .
0	confusing , and a pain .
1	service was just barely adequate on this visit .
0	glad i tried this place but wo n't rush back .
1	i was very disappointed with the entire visit .
0	however , i wo n't be back .
1	we would not visit here again .
0	she just kept trying to cover her ass instead of listening to my concerns .
1	unfortunately , out of _num_ visits they have only had the bagged ice once .
0	go here to die !
1	my latest visit was not the best .
0	service was rough .
1	we visited due to the outstanding yelp reviews , but were extremely disappointed .
0	some drivers can be surly or just downright ignorant .
1	lastly , my friend come to visit me in summer .
0	after sitting there and being ignored for _num_ minutes we just left !
1	on our last visit it took us _num_ minutes to get our waitresses attention .
0	it is difficult to get under my skin .
1	this was my first time visiting cherry blossom noodle cafe .
0	my other dining companion had the osso bucco which was dry and stringy .
1	this is my 2nd visit and i am highly disappointed .
0	the flavor was meh and the black truffle butter was surprisingly boring .
1	and the second visit totally ruined my hair .
0	his key does not work either .
1	sorry buca , a previous visit was much better than this one .
0	tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
1	the chicken sandwich was on the second visit was just as bad .
0	now i am forced to put in another quarter to finish my load .
1	nothing about the visit stands out to me .
0	man , the rent has to be so cheap !
1	sorry to say that will be my last visit .
0	the walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass .
1	i would not recommend to visit second time .
0	delivery was good for a salad but for everything else i was sadly disappointed .
1	last week my husband and i visited pittsburgh for a rock concert .
0	styrofoam plates and plastic forks .
1	my first visit was to the one in south hills .
0	it 's sad .
1	i had purchased tires here a year prior to my most recent visit .
0	nasty !
1	this is the first and only showmars i 've visited .
0	she could n't tell me how much longer we would wait .
1	because i 'm not prepared to pay $ _num_ for a single visit ?
0	well sports rock failed on all accounts .
1	both visits here were not the best .
0	never going back .
1	i 'm sure i will be back as my coworkers visit this place frequently .
0	first thing i realized is that there 's no bathroom in the room .
1	also , between each visit from our waitress , there is a long wait .
0	not so great ?
1	i have never visited a store with such a bad staff .
0	could n't even call me to let me know .
1	i 've visited this store _num_ times .
0	you 're better off with a garden hose .
1	but it 's not good for longer stays or repeat visits .
0	the pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible .
1	after visiting this location once , i will not be back .
0	wait which i left to run some errands .
1	the last visit i overlooked the $ _num_ gnocchi special .
0	went there last night about 5:30 , the place was maybe half full .
1	this time i visited the oregano 's on camelback and was pretty disappointed .
0	i will never be back .
1	my boyfriend and i visited for the first time ever on thursday .
0	i should 've known better .
1	our first visit deserved a _num_ but this visit was a _num_ .
0	the food was gross , greasy and very bad .
1	this was our 3rd visit to cherry blossom .
0	i was ok with this and it sounded fair enough .
1	i got my money refunded and walked out that was my final visit .
0	and they smoke around the food .
1	my visit was on a saturday between noon and _num_ pm .
0	still , i think there are newer hotels that provide the same .
1	next time i visit phoenix this will not be where i go .
0	!
1	i gave it three visits before passing judgement .
0	all the sales associates are extremely useful and educated .
1	i have family visiting from out of town .
0	the drinks and salads are also soooo pricey .
1	i will not visit this restaurant anymore and can not recommend it .
0	she then rings me up .
1	i will not be visiting this restaurant again any time soon .
0	i spend _num_ dollars on soggy food that lacked flavor .
1	on july 2nd , _num_ , we visited this applebee 's .
