0	i really could n't believe this .
1	the waiter did offer to get me a third bowl .
0	the server went out of her way to make us feel uncomfortable .
1	we were a group of _num_ for dinner our poor waiter had no help .
0	two different people in my office were reduced to tears .
1	waiter did not bring us a bread .
0	so gross !
1	our waiter dropped off my boyfriend 's beer .
0	this is a pretty big hotel , so that is ridiculous .
1	the waiter was loud and annoying and our drinks ran out several times .
0	what kind of italian food has no garlic ?
1	waiter was rude rest of the night .
0	most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
1	really really upset ... the waiter was horrible !
0	this explains why i got my haircut there so many times .
1	of course our `` wonderful '' waiter failed to inform us of this .
0	i called restaurant.com for a refund , and told them what he said .
1	took about _num_ minutes to get our drinks because our waiter was also bartender .
0	i paid _num_ at my local giant eagle .
1	no , the waiter was quick to tell me i ordered medium rare .
0	extremely rude lady works there on sundays .
1	the worst part about this night was our waiter bob .
0	that reminds me - the slices are huge , and are $ _num_ .
1	there were no apologies from the waiters for the wait .
0	the flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland .
1	the hostesses and waiters were all under _num_ .
0	not a spot of pink to be found .
1	when our waiter arrived he tried to leave after taking the drink order .
0	i did not , however get the best .
1	waiters are not pleasant , choices are spaghetti dishes and chicken dishes without spaghetti !
0	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
1	i 'm usually not harsh on waiters , they have a hard job .
0	unfortunately , the good feelings did n't last long .
1	the cocktail waiter offered no wine suggestions .
0	i 've contacted the hotel manager twice and have received no response from her .
1	right off the bat , our waiter seemed to be annoyed with us .
0	this was sorely lacking .
1	our waiter was friendly , he came to refill our waters twice .
0	i was absolutely horrified !
1	there is an older waiter who is rude and inconsiderate .
0	the presentation of the food was awful .
1	it even smelled bad as the waiter put it in front of me .
0	just terrible .
1	our waiter was in no hurry to take care of us .
0	sub-par sushi .
1	food was mediocre and the waiter should not be working in he service industry .
0	i stop in every week for it .
1	the young waiter was ok but clearly scared of the woman .
0	he was very rude to us .
1	good view with bad breath waiter !
0	bad food , slow service and rude managers .
1	the bartenders , waiters and servers said nothing about it .
0	it should n't have take an hour to do it anyway .
1	however , compliments to the waiter , who was very friendly .
0	i also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink .
1	our waiter had the personality of a cardboard box .
0	the drinks were n't anything special either .
1	the waiter did n't even check in on us while we were eating .
0	why did n't i have to show some email to get the free treatment ?
1	very disappointed with the waiter and manager 's attention .
0	and then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too .
1	there is no waiter service .
0	fortunately , i 'd gotten that info when i ordered .
1	the waiter was rude & the table was dirty .
0	highly questionable hygiene for a food store !
1	the waiter brought our drinks and some house bread .
0	there was the powder parmesan on the table which i added myself .
1	the waiter was friendly , attentive , and not a pest .
0	truly , if at all possible , avoid her !
1	the waiter did n't seem to thrilled to serve us .
0	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
1	the guy waiter was not much nicer .
0	she just sat there and read a magazine .
1	the wait was over _num_ minutes and the waiter was next to the worst .
0	it then took quite awhile for our dinners to start arriving .
1	- rude waiters , specially the guys that work here .
0	we checked in , put our stuff in our room , and left .
1	we only saw our waiter perhaps _num_ times the entire evening .
0	but its definitely not worth the money .
1	our waiter was clueless and disappeared during our ordering and our meals .
0	sent the mussels back .
1	a few uninterested waiters wandering in back .
0	the entrees , however , left much to be desired .
1	second , our waiter brought it out with the other salads .
0	i was definitely not wowed by the sushi here .
1	the waiter finally comes over ... does n't say hello .
0	wo n't be coming back .
1	_num_ minutes later our waiter arrived and took our order .
0	service was slow for soup and a salad .
1	my waiter was the managers son , apparently .
0	i can barely taste any calamari or zucchini .
1	he then proceeded to chat with some waiter buddies in plain view .
0	it tasted nothing like pork , or meat for that matter .
1	poor management and only one waiter or waitress .
0	terrible customer service !
1	only good thing was our waiter , he was doing his best .
0	sad to say the other reviews i read of this place are accurate .
1	i gave it one star because of the waiter .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	the waiter never did refill my water glass .
0	this is not giant eagle !
1	we were seated promptly without a reservation and the waiter quickly took our order .
0	even if the food is great , the customer service is terrible .
1	the waiter gets mad ... at me ?
0	if this is personalized service , i 'd rather stay at a motel .
1	the waiter said she only comes to town twice a year .
0	also , the service was not that good .
1	jamie , our waiter , was awesome .
0	terrible place to eat and not very clean at all .
1	and my waiter was n't the most attentive .
0	sub par at best , go to any of the other big burrito restaurants .
1	but i ca n't fault the waiter for that .
0	their market square location worse .
1	our waiter was just lost .
0	the food was mediocre and full of msg .
1	the waiter then offered us dessert to make up for the problems .
0	they do n't care about your clothes .
1	the waiter added another dollar to the tip i had already written .
0	no more .
1	the waiter is rude and really just horrible ( the make waiter ) .
0	risotto , while one of my favorites , is n't pasta .
1	expensive wine list and our waiter pulled a wine scam on me .
0	i hate to rate a local shop down , but man my toes hurt .
1	still waiting even longer , the waiter finally returned to take our orders .
0	did n't get all of the items i ordered and paid for !
1	annoying waiter .
0	i 'd give the comedians _num_ stars , and the food zero stars .
1	rude waiter .
0	very disappointing .
1	our waiter had no personality and was invisible most of the time .
0	i can not eat salad so ordered the soup .
1	our waiter was so-so .
0	i 've eaten there many times in the hopes that maybe i missed something .
1	our waiter ( vincent ) had _num_ tables .
0	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
1	did n't see my waiter .
0	overall not impressed .
1	the waiter appeared confused about what he was doing the whole time .
0	they are completely mean and disrespectful .
1	the waiter was terrible .
0	waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks .
1	the waiter asked me if i wanted cheesecake .
0	he could n't have told me that prior ?
1	waiter was not attentive .
0	avoid harris grill .
1	the waiter needs to learn proper etiquette .
0	the food was all bland and tasteless .
1	our waiter was horrible obviously he was n't hired for being a good waiter .
0	but unfortunately they had already sold out of the special .
1	first off , our waiter only understood about _num_ % of what we said .
0	for dinner , not that great .
1	our waiter is attentive at first but things slowly grew worse and worse .
0	as for my mushroom and cheese omelette , the cheese was lacking .
1	we would have a drink empty and wait and have no waiter show up .
0	the dishes that night were sub-par , which was a first .
1	it 's noisy , crowded , disorganized , and there are not enough waiters .
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	ordered steak and waiter did n't ask how wanted it done .
0	never going back .
1	our waiter smelled horrible !
0	he make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly .
1	the waiter was nice but had no clue about a single menu item .
0	this used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat .
1	i thought i ordered some , but maybe the waiter got confused .
0	the bread was cold and hard .
1	the waiter seated us -- close to the kitchen , i realized with disappointment .
0	it , technically is in shadyside so your mercedes will be safe !
1	finally i flagged down the waiter and asked where the plantains were .
0	they said yes , and i just confirmed it had not been .
1	waiter brought by dessert menus .
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	when we were finally seated , the waiter was snooty .
0	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
1	waiter was rude and obnoxious .
0	these people are totally incompetent .
1	no waiter .
0	it pains me to leave any tip for them .
1	i feel sorry for the waiter for having to work at olive garden .
0	the food was decently made and the environment was welcoming .
1	the waiters pretty much ignore you once you are seated .
0	it 's all cheap but that 's not reason to be terrible .
1	they were very drunk , and the waiter continued to serve them .
0	not crowded but service was quite slow so i took off a star .
1	then we had a hard time finding our waiter .
0	_num_ beer per hour maximum .
1	i gave our waiter our groupon and it came down to $ _num_ .
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	waiter tried to sit us at a table that was in the sun .
0	um no , its like $ _num_ extra for delivery .
1	the waiters were horrible .
0	maybe we just went to the wrong primanti bros location .
1	terrible experience all around and the waiter should be fired !
0	i drove _num_ minutes for overpriced `` german '' food .
1	the waiter never poured the wine after the initial pour .
0	bland food .
1	probably _num_ mins later our waiter came with our drinks finally .
0	very limited color selection .
1	our waiter greeted us nearly as soon as we walked through the door .
0	i think the food is boring .
1	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
0	they may also want to schedule a couple more servers on a saturday night .
1	our waiter was awful .
0	it was topped with an olive and a mini pickle ... odd .
1	i 'm rating this place based on the last waiter we had .
0	_num_ .
1	unfortunately our waiter was not up to par .
0	if you want bland tasteless food , then stop here .
1	the waiter was a bad mood jerk .
0	came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service .
1	a waiter was screaming at a customer from the other side of the restaurant .
0	i just kinda stared at her in shock , unable to speak .
1	i was obviously disgusted and i told the waiter .
0	my husband & i ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time .
1	the waiter comp my meal out .
0	i 'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the french onion pot roast .
1	our waiter delivered the soup and salad , but forgot the dressing .
0	the thermostat must have been set at _num_ .
1	the waiter ( new ) did n't have a clue .
0	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
1	the waiter was short and was very impersonal .
0	do not waste your money .
1	our waiter was cordial but inattentive .
0	i do n't even really know where to begin with this review .
1	also , our waiter sucked !
0	my food was cold and bland , my kids food was cold .
1	the waiter offered us comp deserts for the trouble , at least .
0	6am is too early for her . ''
1	not enough waiters , the chef has to come out to serve by himself .
0	when we said no she said she would be back .
1	the waiter said that nobody else complained about it .
0	i will give sushi kim another chance because i know others rave about it .
1	we were seated and our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable .
0	it was n't the best meal as far as service was concerned .
1	i had a small side salad to start which the waiter described as greek .
0	when i checked in , the front desk staff was missing .
1	we stopped going after we got some serious attitude from our waiter .
0	ugh .
1	waiters standing talking and having fun but not working .
0	if not , then go .
1	once seated , we then wait for our waiter to arrive .
0	long wait time for initial service and drink refills .
1	worst waiter ever !
0	we ca n't pay something if we do n't know how much to pay .
1	other waiters were not all in the same uniform , which them look unprofessional .
0	this place sucks the cashiers are either very rude , slow and incompetent .
1	i called over the waiter and explained .
0	i would n't wish this place on my own worst enemy .
1	had a very nice waiter though , but he never refilled our waters .
0	mediocre and poorly made !
1	our waiter was just kinda sloppy .
0	more screaming and yelling than the night before .
1	the waiter was horrible and barely checked on us .
0	i 'm shocked , never thought men 's dress clothes were so pricey .
1	terrible service , waiter was extremely rude .
0	maybe it is really just me who prefer cold sodas .
1	we were picking up our purses to leave when the waiter finally came over .
0	are these the same people running this restaurant ?
1	anyway that aside ... our waiter was the absolute worst !
0	the service was slow and lukewarm .
1	the waiter brought out dinner plates which i passed out .
0	`` no , it 's not ready yet .
1	good waiter but horrible food .
0	ordered a grilled chicken salad , take out .
1	our waiter said she could choose one so she chose the chocolate cake .
0	$ _num_ burgers , $ _num_ domestic bottles .
1	the waiter said they `` were out of bags '' .
0	as others have said you never know what kind of service you will get .
1	our waiter was not very attentive .
0	unfortunately , it seems there is zero attention to food quality .
1	the waiter was not nice at all !
0	well what a mistake i made .
1	however , our waiter was extremely rude .
0	i will never spend money here again !
1	no waiter or waitress service .
0	not up to it 's previous brunch standards .
1	the whole time , we wished we had the other waiter .
0	i poured my own wine refills .
1	waiter was awful and food ( pad thai ) was not much better .
0	it 's never horrible .
1	the waiter was n't very friendly , his service was very poor .
0	the portions are not worth the price .
1	he ruined my new years eve meal ... do not assume things mr. waiter .
0	the pizza was n't terrible but it certainly was n't good in my opinion .
1	the waiter did n't give us napkins but was overall okay .
0	we stuck it out and left with no intention to return .
1	the only good thing about tonight 's experience was the waiter , bryan .
0	terrible experience !
1	the waiter was very young and a bit clueless .
0	first of all the sandwich was on sliced bread ( lame ) !
1	the only bright spot was our waiter who was very attentive .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	while the food and atmosphere were great , our waiter was anything but .
0	wild dogs could n't drag me back .
1	another waiter brought us out our food .
0	the coffee was disappointing -- it came with plastic cups of half & half .
1	our waiter was n't attentive at all .
0	not because of the food but the attitude of those cashiers .
1	it was not crowded , but the waiter was almost useless .
0	everything else was yucky .
1	waiting trying to flag my waiter while she runs around ignoring me .
0	it was my last time , i will ever stop again .
1	waiter was extremely inattentive .
0	true , this is n't capital grill , nor was i expecting 5-star service .
1	our waiter took _num_ minutes to greet us and the busser apologized _num_ times .
0	it happens !
1	our waiter , who had no personality attempted to take our order .
0	clearly , i must not love myself or something .
1	i walked in to the main counter , and a waiter approached me .
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	at 6:30pm after many apologies from the waiter that the kitchen was behind .
0	this mall is dead !
1	just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off .
0	this is piss poor excuse for a turkish restaurant .
1	the waiter asked me _num_ minutes later if i still want that water .
0	lo and behold at _num_ minutes it comes out .
1	i never received a refill , but our waiter was hard to find .
0	there is no lobby .
1	anyway , so my bro and i get this one young waiter .
0	so sad .
1	the waiter should have said something to us and did n't .
0	do n't expect great performances here , expect a talked up mediocre performance .
1	seriously , you ca n't afford to hire a couple of waiters ?
0	it looked like someone 's basement or garage with tables in it .
1	so our waiter took our order ( and did n't write anything down ) .
0	it 's a tiny long bar just like the old irish pubs .
1	after being seated , it took our waiter forever to come to our table .
0	the food was bad .
1	i flagged our waiter down , and asked for a refill again .
0	they ripped me off .
1	after we placed the order we never saw our waiter again .
0	my boyfriend had their philly cheesesteak and he could n't finish it .
1	waiter no where in sight , i flag down someone for a steak knife .
0	would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
1	first , i would like to say that the staff and waiters were nice .
0	sorry allison b , ai n't no butter here .
1	finally a waiter stopped by but he literally just stood there .
0	not even to just get drinks or an appetizer ordered .
1	waiter was not thrilled to be at work on a wednesday at 5pm .
0	there was no aroma from garlic or onion .
1	after we got our food our waiter never checked on us .
0	do n't waste your time with this place .
1	the waiter did n't even question why i did n't eat my entree .
0	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
1	your my waiter , own the situation .
0	described as being served with butternut squash , brussel sprouts and cauliflower .
1	apparently restaurant week offended our waiter ?
0	they are n't very friendly there at all either .
1	waiter ( diego ) comped it , thankfully .
0	it should n't take _num_ minutes to get a dozen bagels .
1	terrible food and a pushy waiter !
0	our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
1	for my entree , i tried the lasagna recommended by the waiter .
0	worst mcdonald 's ever .
1	it was weird getting full waiter service for an easy little bagel sandwich .
0	i suppose , then , i should n't have been surprised by the food .
1	the worst part of it was when we asked the waiter for the manager .
0	further , they were unapologetic when i complained .
1	had to wait _num_ minutes before our waiter to even acknowledge us .
0	this place has the worst service i 've ever seen .
1	when we sat down we waited _num_ minutes before waiter came by .
0	i 'll stick with trader joe 's for my alternative market , thank you !
1	the waiter did n't know how much wine came in a wine glass .
0	worst service ever !
1	great pizza , they should hire more professional waiters .
0	_num_ .
1	i considered giving this place another star just because of the waiter .
0	finally , we felt like the whole restaurant clientele has declined .
1	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
0	the service is ok but rather slow .
1	our waiter kept trying to rush us the whole evening .
0	quickly losing stars .
1	when i informed waiter he apologized and said he was so sorry .
0	it was very crowded due to little italy days in bloomfield .
1	i had to stop another waiter to get us water .
0	why give french fries with most of them burned ?
1	overall it was just ok food served by an incompetent waiter .
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	before sitting down we asked a waiter if the table was available .
0	when the oysters came out , they did n't even look like oysters .
1	our waiter was very generous , unfortunately i forgot her name .
0	very sad .
1	the only downside was the waiter .
0	_num_ .
1	the waiter disappeared for about twenty minutes at a time .
0	almost all of the tires sold on site are foreign .
1	so there are n't enough waiters to handle three tables instead of two ?
0	i was less than impressed .
1	we did n't see our waiter again until he brought out our appetizer .
0	i got the steamed chicken dumplings and a order of edamame to go .
1	the table was not well cleaned , the waiter got an attitude and ignorant .
0	we also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good , also .
1	the waiter seemed apologetic afterwards but i do n't think i will be back .
0	in fact , i could n't finish it .
1	the waiter did n't want to be there and should not have been .
0	i find it acceptable , but nothing special .
1	the waiter said they get really busy so they bring the check first .
0	they 're banking on this lack of competition .
1	service here sucks our waiter martin who goes by jesus was not welcoming .
0	avoid this tourist trap !
1	we flagged down another employee who got the waiter .
