0	not good .
1	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
0	the last visit i overlooked the $ _num_ gnocchi special .
1	our waitress was nice but not very professional .
0	not the best dinner they have eaten .
1	waitress : our food was served with rice and meat .
0	very poor customer service at this location .
1	there was only one waitress on for the whole restaurant , upstairs and down .
0	they were very flat ... thinner than your typical frozen chicken nugget .
1	seems like our waitress had n't told her .
0	i came away with none of it .
1	however it was unprofessional of our waitress to pass buck .
0	it was disgusting .
1	our waitress noticed we had n't received anything yet and went to go check .
0	it makes no sense .
1	what a horrible waitress .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	the waitress was extremely rude .
0	it does n't work .
1	worst waitress ever .
0	the music the guys played was all stuff from like _num_ .
1	waitresses do not make much of an effort .
0	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
1	maybe the waitress was having a bad day .
0	it was that bad .
1	the waitress even apologized for her lack of attention .
0	the delivery driver arrived about _num_ minutes later .
1	more pear shaped , waitress was no where to be found for _num_ minutes .
0	the red velvet pancakes were chocolate pancakes with red food dye added into them .
1	the waitresses were extremely fast , except for coffee refills .
0	people are crazy about it but that thing tastes extremely ridiculous .
1	the waitress was nice but overall i would n't dine here again .
0	you can not pay me money to eat here again .
1	then the waitress asked me if i knew the chicken itself was spicy .
0	they also lose things , more than once .
1	the waitress was n't very friendly and seemed to be uninterested in being pleasant .
0	i signed up as they knocked at my door .
1	please hire a waitress that has a brain and is n't slow !
0	i was very disappointed with my meal here .
1	our waitress came over after a good _num_ to _num_ minute wait .
0	very disappointed that i can not be seen sooner .
1	only people in the place and the waitress messed up a simple order .
0	it 's also really expensive .
1	staff was very friendly ( hostess , waitress and chef ) .
0	once seated , service was extremely slow .
1	i told the waitress and she said , `` oh , ok '' .
0	i wish there were zero stars .
1	then the waitress just continued to disappear over and over again .
0	there is no excuse for the poor service and food .
1	the waitress was very curt and disrespectful .
0	two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess .
1	the waitress said `` no '' .
0	but i am not rushing back .
1	the waitress was so impatient .
0	i 'm not holding up a line .
1	from a very snobby waitress , i was immediately put off .
0	we finished our dumplings .
1	however , they only have two waitresses outside for about _num_ tables .
0	it really is a pittsburgh staple but come on ... .
1	waitress did apologize for cup but it was too late - chose to leave .
0	to add insult to injury , the only restaurant in the hotel sucks .
1	waitress was not friendly either .
0	fried rice super bland .
1	but then two waitresses kept coming and going without even looking at me .
0	but was a winning season too much to ask for ?
1	the waitress was rude and tried to rush us .
0	honestly , there were _num_ people in the restaurant .
1	waitress was rude and avoided my inquire of service .
0	not happy about the new staff .
1	our waitress did not seem very enthusiastic .
0	this was our first time trying this place since moving to castle shannon .
1	i asked the waitress ... did n't this come with the mango salsa topping ?
0	the beer was good , service was ok , but the food was terrible .
1	waitress could not tell us anything about the beers on tap .
0	ummm no ?
1	waitress never checked to see if i wanted another drink .
0	i will not go again .
1	i had to get up and find my waitress myself .
0	it literally killed me to leave a tip .
1	it was almost empty and twice we had to have someone find our waitress .
0	service is always slow .
1	the waitress did offer to get the fried rice .
0	there were no parked cars visible from the road ; and _num_ ) .
1	all the waitresses know me and stop by and talk .
0	that 's _num_ minutes to be next .
1	fifteen minutes later , the waitress returned , but not with our food .
0	no apologies , no offer to comp a side or a dessert .
1	waitress did n't even ask how my food was .
0	suggestions , hmm not entirely sure since nothing i ate here impressed me much .
1	we also ended up with _num_ waitresses .
0	we were a party of _num_ adults and _num_ kid .
1	the waitress was n't rude , but she just was n't there .
0	furthermore , i have ordered the shrimp with garlic sauce .
1	however they ( waitresses ) were nice and apologetic .
0	fish tacos - _num_ people in our party got these .
1	first , our waitress was not well informed of the offerings that evening .
0	the owner is very pretentious and rude .
1	the only waitress i 've had there is pretty rude .
0	bad food - ordered a bagel sandwich - yuck !
1	finally got a table and the waitress was awful .
0	the chicken was slimy and not many pieces at that .
1	waitress has n't checked on us in half an hour .
0	the breadsticks were sitting a in pool of oil .
1	i immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again mia .
0	well , papa j 's has officially priced itself out of our budget .
1	`` ill tell the waitress . ''
0	the worst bakery i ever shopped in !
1	the waitress was not attentive to our drinks .
0	it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
1	the waitress did n't charge us for the soup .
0	my hope is that they fix their problems .
1	beyond that our waitress was rude .
0	cant wait to move on .
1	our waitress was very rude and did n't make me feel welcomed at all .
0	what 's worse ?
1	some of the ladies who were waitresses there , however , were not friendly .
0	she did n't refill drinks .
1	i was disappointed the waitress did n't say anything either .
0	i will not be going back .
1	waitress was throwing plates on the table .
0	i said he was being rude to my mother , a paying customer .
1	also , the waitress got our order wrong on my friend 's dish .
0	avoid this place .
1	the waitress who seemed to be rushed did not offer any recommendations .
0	prices were okay , but no great bargain .
1	the waitress seem irritated that i just did n't take what she brought me .
0	service was okay not the greatest but not the worst either .
1	we sat down no waitress came to ask for our drinks or introduce herself .
0	very sad that there are people out there taking advantage of per owners .
1	the waitress the first time i went was a little short , not personable .
0	when it was brought back , there was a small hair in it .
1	waitress was not the best .
0	tastes like crap but whatever , they serve it .
1	waitress was ok in attitude .
0	i will not return to new china .
1	the waitress had a bad attitude .
0	the rooms are not worth the money .
1	the waitress , i know not her name , was incredibly rude and inattentive .
0	found out he left less than a month after this incident .
1	after kindly explaining this to my waitress she again was not very professional .
0	the service , was not the best .
1	the waitress was really nice , i think her name was sarah .
0	prices too high for strip district beer .
1	we should have requested another waitress at that moment .
0	i proceeded to say , '' are you laughing at me ? ''
1	i got uncomfortable with the waitress so i told another waitress about my situation .
0	thee buffalo chicken sandwich had no lettuce or tomato on it .
1	and the waitress did n't return until after we were done eating .
0	it sure is n't the food .
1	hello , rude waitress .
0	this was more than _num_ hours after i had placed the order .
1	no waitress no one else walking around .
0	i ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker .
1	waitress also did not know anything about menu items .
0	no , but you know that better is out there .
1	after ten minutes my waitress returned and informed me they could do egg whites .
0	she just kept trying to cover her ass instead of listening to my concerns .
1	she was a horrible waitress .
0	send it my way , i 'll get you payment .
1	overpriced food with shady looking waitresses .
0	the wings were the most mediocre wings i have ever tasted .
1	the waitresses said little to nothing ( which is the usual case ) .
0	the sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive .
1	waitress delivered our water and drinks then nothing further for about ten minutes .
0	for starters , the portion of the pho is extremely skimpy !
1	there were waitresses everywhere , and it seemed _num_ or _num_ managers .
0	i 've never posted a yelp review before .
1	the waitress was awful .
0	mash potatoes were dry and tasted gritty like it came from a box .
1	service was slow , but there was only one waitress in the restaurant .
0	the answer , so bad !
1	the food was tasteless , place looked dirty , and rude waitress .
0	i would never recommend this boutique to a bride unless you want added stress .
1	our waitress was good , but the manager ruined any positive experience .
0	urban spoon rated _num_ % favorite .
1	the only bright side of this dinner was the pleasant waitress .
0	like i said , i wo n't be back .
1	waitress tells me no , i ordered scrambled .
0	i sent that back , and ordered the sea bass .
1	but , our waitress was helpful , and our food came out pretty quickly .
0	my big issue is that the employees stand directly outside and smoke .
1	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	waitress said i could double rice , but no soup change .
0	thinking back and forth on it did n't seem right .
1	our waitress did not know what was going on the entire time .
0	horrible service .
1	waitress comes back to tell me that i 'm wrong and walks away .
0	that was unacceptable .
1	i have no picture to add because the waitress did n't let us stay .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	_num_ mins later our waitress comes back and finally asks if we need anything .
0	the most disappointing part is the sushi itself .
1	still , our waitress was never around .
0	cold food ?
1	the waitress would grab the beer and scoop out the ticket .
0	they get maximum money for average seafood ( or anything else ) .
1	both the waitress and the bartender were extremely rude .
0	the worst part were the soy beans .
1	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
0	do not do business with these people .
1	our waitress was also terrible .
0	man were they wrong !
1	diner with overly hovering waitresses and bad orange juice .
0	my mom had spaghetti with meat sauce and said it was just mediocre .
1	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
0	do n't order from this shop if you want a timely delivery .
1	i feel bad for the waitresses .
0	i have never been treated that way with any owner of a business .
1	waitress gives you wrong food then says you ordered wrong .
0	: ( i ordered the salmon cakes which were really hard .
1	waitress showed up _num_ min later .
0	service is sketchy here at best .
1	the only bright spot was the waitress .
0	pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or _num_ .
1	our waitress was rude and did t want to fix the issue .
0	so painful !
1	the waitress just was too young and inexperienced .
0	it tasted like it came out of a walmart freezer on clearance .
1	another review said that the waitress had been on for _num_ hours .
0	the cashier had no idea what we were asking for .
1	from hostess crew to the bar to the waitress , it was bad .
0	i probably wo n't be back .
1	waitress nowhere to be found .
0	i explained to her that this has been going on for weeks .
1	on our last visit it took us _num_ minutes to get our waitresses attention .
0	oh , with _num_ pitiful shrimp on top .
1	furthermore , it took forever just to get our waitress 's attention .
0	no management present that we could see .
1	i felt like this one waitress was very rude .
0	we continued to wait another _num_ minutes then decided to leave .
1	good food but terrible waitresses .
0	a party of _num_ , we agreed to sit _num_ and _num_ .
1	that waitress says sure she 's the lady over there in the red shirt .
0	no greeter so we were n't sure where to go .
1	the waitress did n't even bother to bring me the check !
0	management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize .
1	the waitress then proceeded to say the mussels were ready .
0	why does this place always smell bad ?
1	waitress was nice but it 's obvious that this place is run poorly .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	also , between each visit from our waitress , there is a long wait .
0	terrible .
1	the waitress made it seem as though it was my fault for bringing him .
0	i ordered food that i believed was gluten free .
1	the waitress could have cared less that we had to wait .
0	the service is most often rude .
1	the waitresses have bad attitudes and rush you when ordering .
0	even the atm was boarded up , which is really not a good sign .
1	the waitress was hot , though .
0	harris grill , i think your menu is trying too hard .
1	we also asked for extra ice and such , but our waitress never remembered .
0	$ _num_ burgers , $ _num_ domestic bottles .
1	the only thing good there was the waitress , who was attentive .
0	this place sucks .
1	waitress standing around .
0	it was runny and bland .
1	on arrival , waitress seemed lost .
0	_num_ dollars for two that i 'll never see again .
1	the old guy continued to drink wine and yelled at another waitress .
0	the sauce was disappointing .
1	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
0	did n't even offer a food menu .
1	as i could see there was one bartender and one waitress .
0	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
1	our order was lost from the waitress to the kitchen .
0	yeah , that sounds like `` nothing 's wrong '' .
1	the waitress says she sorry and puts a quick order in right away .
0	i do not like this company !
1	the waitress there are extremely rude .
0	not much of a coconut taste either .
1	a while later , the waitress refilled our drinks .
0	my husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap .
1	waitress walked away two times while opening our bottle of wine .
0	i ordered the lemon grass soup with shrimp and the papaya salad .
1	brittany , you are a terrible waitress .
0	very long wait .
1	the waitress and/or kitchen got our order wrong .
0	i ordered honey walnut chicken and was served honey walnut shrimp .
1	the service was slow waitress did not know the menu or the ingredients .
0	my date ordered a hot sausage hoagie .
1	waitress was rude to them and the manager never came to address the issue .
0	we do n't care !
1	the first time , i had a horribly rude waitress and slow service .
0	the quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor .
1	finally try to get a waitress .
0	the wait staff is slow and management has no clue .
1	after another _num_ minutes i asked the waitress if i should come another time .
0	nothing special .
1	extremely slow service and a rude waitress on top of it .
0	no beer either .
1	waitresses were overwhelmed and avoided us .
0	this is the worst line i have ever seen in my life .
1	especially waitress was lack of enthusiasm .
0	coming here was usually pretty exciting .
1	as my boyfriend was talking with the cab company , a waitress walked by .
0	otherwise , it would have been pretty good .
1	and then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages .
0	furthermore , the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par .
1	the waitress was rude .
0	was going to try the buffalo pizza .
1	especially multiple employees , hostesses , waitresses , and bus boys .
0	might have been a stomach bug but it is kind of strange .
1	our waitress was very friendly but slow .
0	i open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed .
1	we had to flag down our waitress just to get refills .
0	thanks for starving us avis and making us sleep in our cars .
1	our waitress was absolutely horrible .
0	evening started pretty badly and did not get much better .
1	the waitress was slow getting around to us .
0	sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment !
1	the waitress seemed to be a little rude .
0	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
1	i went there once and had a horrible waitress .
0	i ordered steamed broccoli and he ordered mashed potatoes .
1	as noted by other posters the waitress was the bartender .
0	quite possibly the most miserable hotel experience of my life .
1	we managed to flag down another waitress and asked for silverware and napkins .
0	horrible in every sense of the word .
1	waitresses bad talking customers and the manager yelling at them to pick up orders .
0	you 've been warned !
1	here on vacation and the waitress seemed annoyed we wanted food .
0	all in all this place is n't that bad .
1	lastly , when she took our check , the waitress yet again disappeared .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	two waitresses ignored us , one cleaning a table that was obviously not needed .
0	no such luck : it came on her sandwich just like everyone else .
1	( not the waitress ) .
0	the potatoes were very bland despite being served with warm butter on the side .
1	the waitress did n't take the coke off of the bill until i asked .
0	after _num_ minutes we gave up .
1	both the waitress and the bartender were downright hostile .
0	she walked up the stairs and ignored us .
1	waitresses was pushing hard on the chicken tenders that she loved .
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	the waitress could have been quite a bit more attentive .
0	it was not even blackened .
1	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
0	servers are chatting , not paying attention to tables .
1	was not busy but waitress was hard to find .
0	unfortunately , the hair did not stop there .
1	it took our waitress nearly _num_ minutes to collect come back with our bill .
0	why the hell are you in such a hurry '' .
1	the waitresses were very rude and didnt care about your orders .
0	a group was sat without the reservation ahead of us .
1	our waitress was hit or miss and we waited awhile for the bill .
0	service was mediocre but the food was poor .
1	five minutes later my waitress returns asking me what i ordered .
0	in a bad frame of mind , i tried my food .
1	our waitress carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude .
0	$ _num_ credit card minimum .
1	they were busy , but our waitress was slightly cold and barely around .
0	one star for the ridiculous overcharge .
1	first off , our waitress just was n't good .
0	below par on every way .
1	pretty obvious the waitress did n't know the table numbers .
0	there is no lobby .
1	i was mortified , my boyfriend was mortified , the waitress looked mortified .
0	never will be coming back here again .
1	i ordered the chicken marsala ( waitress 's favorite ) and it was disgusting .
0	not my scene .
1	there are about _num_ tables and _num_ waitresses !
0	this is an average chinese buffet .
1	she complained and the waitress brought out a side of broccoli .
0	my main issue is that i did not receive what i paid for .
1	we wait during _num_ minutes or more and never receive any waitress .
0	this appetizer was recommended and was garbage .
1	the waitress was poor .
0	however , we ordered the veal stuffed banana peppers which arrived cold .
1	we complained to the waitress but nothing was done .
0	but i already had a bad taste in my mouth .
1	the waitress said any other manager would not do this .
0	the food here is awful .
1	our waitress was very polite , though .
0	it was just all around bland .
1	our waitress was one of the most surly servers i 've ever had anywhere .
0	i 'm sure you can find better accommodations in this price range and location .
1	waitress never apologized .
0	i would like to stress again though that my feet look awesome .
1	waitress then looked at her tip with me sitting there .
0	this review is more for the repair end of bbb .
1	i talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side .
0	it was bad .
1	could n't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve .
0	despite the size , the flavor was lacking as well as texture .
1	waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks .
0	i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
1	with _num_ waitresses .
0	and cheese sauce that you get for your nachos at the gas station .
1	waitress wiped off table and pushed crumbs into my lap .
0	it was not a gluten free menu at all !
1	our first experience was ruined by a very rude waitress .
0	my date did n't like her steak either .
1	the waitress did n't give us refills and nothing was clean .
0	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
1	our waitress was mia most of the night .
0	i would probably only go again on an all-you-can-eat wings night .
1	tried sitting outside and the waitress did not make us feel welcomed .
0	who cares what i think though , everyone has a different taste .
1	the waitress was rude and less than helpful .
