0	i really do n't see the hype .
1	the water was cold .
0	this is on a weekend ( saturday night - sunday morning ) .
1	there were tons of water bugs that would come up daily in the pipes .
0	we 'll feed these to our dogs when we get home .
1	it blew my crappy tacos out of the water !
0	fortunately , i 'd gotten that info when i ordered .
1	not once did my water get refilled .
0	just do n't take your dry cleaning here .
1	drinks watered down .
0	do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
1	i did not even get a water glass !
0	it is very dense and flavorless with no crunch at all .
1	beans were floating in broth and tasteless ... like watered down bbq beans .
0	does zero good to complain .
1	the only thing they bothered to refill was water .
0	you pay fees , they make laundry and garbage more and more inconvenient .
1	then she brought out water about 10-15 minutes or so later .
0	then , my brother got the prosciutto and arugula pizza .
1	it was like they actually used the stain water to clean the entire car .
0	it must not have been bad because i do n't remember anything about it .
1	our chicken sizzling rice soup was flavor less and completely watered down .
0	place was a little bit of a disaster .
1	our waters were never refilled .
0	this store is not customer service friendly .
1	all of this cost me $ _num_ and i drank water .
0	this is probably the worst business in carnegie .
1	hot water in the morning remains limited .
0	from the bakery , you walk along a long meat wall .
1	he immediately brought our waters over and we ordered drinks .
0	true , this is n't capital grill , nor was i expecting 5-star service .
1	the worst part was the water in the shower never got hot .
0	they do n't take debit or credit cards .
1	we ended up with our glasses 3/4 full and a watered down juice cocktail .
0	the screens were tiny and the women 's restroom smelled of stale piss .
1	zero menu , zero water and zero waitress .
0	so i was appalled by a lousy not fresh dirty salad !
1	we need more irish pubs and local old time watering holes .
0	it was just awful and the service was terrible .
1	high prices , watered down drinks , impersonal management .
0	i get there , look at their giant selection and get excited .
1	dirty plates , coffee was horrible and the water tasted like linen .
0	yep , this place is terrible .
1	the steamed mussels arrived in a grey broth that looked like sewage water .
0	probably wo n't be back .
1	no hot water ( are you kidding ?
0	the noodles were very bland and almost chewy .
1	the drinks tasted like sewer water and the manager didnt care one bit .
0	i asked wth and they told me , management change .
1	no apology , no can i get you bottle of water , no nothing .
0	answer : pretty bad !
1	my water glass was empty almost half the evening .
0	i ordered two double cheeseburgers and waited over twenty minutes for them .
1	chips were just extra greasy , salsa watered down , meals without much taste .
0	tonight was the worst experience we have had for a very long time .
1	hot water , not much of it low water pressure as well .
0	two of my colleagues also have lost stuff in this hotel .
1	still no water .
0	she talked to the computer screen instead of to my face .
1	sent one of my companions to get me some water .
0	no one has gotten back to me yet .
1	we waited almost _num_ minutes for water glasses to be brought to the table .
0	visited with a party of _num_ last weekend for a friend 's birthday .
1	the service was terrible , took _num_ min to get a water .
0	my recommendation would be to not buy suits , shirts or shoes here .
1	god turned water into wine well i will never be back .
0	she said there was no time to order another dress .
1	when the bill came , it said waters w/ lemon .
0	i am able to help move , i just could n't do it alone .
1	but for a few seconds , water completely stops .
0	extremely disappointing .
1	no water , no bread , pathetic service .
0	this place is one of only a couple open in the burgh _num_ hours .
1	kettle one with soda - everyone knows that 's soda water right ?
0	i was horrible .
1	any liquor drinks taste like watered down juice .
0	they really overload the sandwiches with coleslaw and french fries .
1	it tasted like water before .
0	you 're better off with a garden hose .
1	i drank water since i had lost my appetite .
0	the bathroom was gross .
1	there was no hot water for _num_ days .
0	but i already had a bad taste in my mouth .
1	at that point , she said i 'll grab you water and bread .
0	food came slow and was cold .
1	i could n't even get my water refilled .
0	sadly , this was the last time that she ever came to our table .
1	a few times throughout our dining experience here , our water was empty .
0	seriously the worst mcdonalds i 've ever been to .
1	also the margaritas were very weak and tasted like water .
0	just when we thought the worst was over we were wrong .
1	it was water boiled spicy beef .
0	the aisles feel more narrow than they should be for a store this size .
1	the ceiling looked like it had water damage .
0	if this is personalized service , i 'd rather stay at a motel .
1	the water did not heat up well and was more on the cold side .
0	worst service i 've ever had !
1	our waters were n't refilled but once .
0	i guess that 's what they say to excuse the lack of proper a/c .
1	before we could ask for waters our server ran away .
0	disgusting .
1	chips and a bottle of water showed up pretty quickly but unfortunately no glasses .
0	( _num_ ) i called multiple times but could n't reach anyone .
1	did i mention the over-priced , watered down drinks ?
0	and i am certainly not a fan of the olive garden .
1	i 'm not joking about the water .
0	that 's total bullshit .
1	the guacamole tasted watered down and tasteless .
0	they do not have ice cream , only soft serve .
1	water does n't taste very good .
0	no one else in the same dining room .
1	it took _num_ minutes just to get our waters .
0	party involved said it was fine and asked me not to say something .
1	their water is cold .
0	$ _num_ and we both left and ate pizza .
1	my ribs were tough and the sauce seemed watered down .
0	after _num_ minutes without getting closer to the register , i gave up .
1	one time there was no water for _num_ hours .
0	had such high hopes for this place on our visit to pittsburgh .
1	tasteless egg in water is definitely not something you want to keep eating .
0	but good lord , they 're just so loud !
1	the menu was extremely old , small and the coffee was pure water .
0	the bread was cheap and tasteless .
1	water was never refilled and extra napkins never appeared .
0	disappointed but not giving up , we ordered one of each and proceeded .
1	some time had passed and we were all out of water with no service .
0	the coleslaw was a couple pieces of lettuce with some carrots .
1	i did not receive water or any service for _num_ minutes .
0	the buffet was really terrible .
1	when i went to take a shower the water was not hot .
0	received bad service today .
1	no water cups .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	there is no hot water .
0	i was there on a weeknight , for over _num_ hours .
1	drinks ... he 's on the ball with refills of my water .
0	this place is trashy .
1	plus my husband was out of water and she had n't come around .
0	they do not take pride in their work .
1	someone else brought us water tho .
0	will not be coming back to this place unless i 'm dragged .
1	the room i was given has water damage in the ceiling near the window .
0	appalling !
1	i did n't know what i wanted , so i said , water .
0	_num_ .
1	my water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it .
0	the lobster inside was a small amount , cold and tough .
1	the water in the apartments get turned off randomly without any warning .
0	i had the chicken ramen soup for a main course .
1	the soda is watered down .
0	service was n't too bad - nice people .
1	both of our meals came out to be $ _num_ with only drinking water .
0	i am hoping that my experience here was an off night .
1	still no water after _num_ minutes and no asking us anything !
0	have consistently had rude customer service .
1	never offered water or bread and just not impressed .
0	i feel like the food is not flavorful and are always missing something .
1	they also roll water and sewer into your rent price .
0	now , their service : really lackluster .
1	there 's no option for fountain drinks or even local bottled water .
0	if i could rate it zero stars i would .
1	the water is turned off every other week .
0	you should skip this place for sure .
1	flies on the lip of the water pitcher dirty .
0	it just is n't up my alley though .
1	water was slow to be refilled .
0	i only go there when dragged by coworkers .
1	watered down sauce .
0	this place charges $ _num_ for _num_ minutes .
1	again still had empty waters and did n't ask if we needed anything else .
0	not impressed .
1	no water , no extra chips for the table of four , nothing .
0	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
1	no bread , no water , no hello , nothing .
0	just bad service overall .
1	there was absolutely no hot water for my shower .
0	the thermostat must have been set at _num_ .
1	tasted like they just boiled the steak in water and served it to us .
0	it was topped with an olive and a mini pickle ... odd .
1	it is all watered down and gross .
0	they put oil on the sandwich , but no other dressing .
1	even for watered down italian style food , i was disappointed .
0	i wo n't be going here again .
1	no hot water .
0	nothing but flavorless , americanized chinese food .
1	i assume she washed with water and soap if we 're lucky !
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've ever had in pittsburgh .
1	_num_ more minutes go by , our bus boy comes again to refill waters .
0	when i finally get someone on the phone , they are rarely helpful .
1	they tasted like kool-aid ( but without adequate water ) and lacked tequila .
0	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
1	my purse and phone were taken but not my car keys or smart water .
0	if someone had been standing there , this would have caused serious injury .
1	no water fountains inside .
0	and the wait was always ridiculous to boot .
1	not very alert , begging for water or ice chips .
0	it was really disappointing .
1	the water was very hard .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	whole city block is out of water .
0	the wait staff -- not too pleasant !
1	no offer to refill drinks or for water .
0	this place is dirty and the coffee is horrible .
1	_num_ employees confirmed no more waters in back .
0	just order from one of the two sites i listed above .
1	waitress delivered our water and drinks then nothing further for about ten minutes .
0	bottom line , enterprise ca n't be trusted .
1	a water refill should n't take longer then preparing _num_ dishes .
0	i 'd give the comedians _num_ stars , and the food zero stars .
1	she then acted annoyed that we did n't want something other than water !
0	i would be happy to get my _num_ back .
1	and ... my vodka soda tasted like water .
0	i would never give these people my money again .
1	my water was empty for most of the meal and it never got refilled .
0	it was dry and average , at best .
1	but the outside had tons of water spots and was n't done very well .
0	the manager here needs better training .
1	salsa is watered down .
0	convenient bank hours though til _num_ pm .
1	if they do have water , it is also filthy .
0	i had a bite of a chocolate torte , and was very impressed .
1	even the water tasted weird .
0	i would not entertain having an event for any more than _num_ people .
1	another _num_ minutes go by before we get our coffee ... but no water !
0	sushi might be good , but i do n't eat sushi .
1	our bill was $ _num_ for five people drinking water .
0	it was fried tofu in soy sauce with red pickled chinese chilli .
1	avoid the water .
0	_num_ stars .
1	so the soda was watered down , the pizza was greasy and tasteless .
0	avoid eating or drinking anything here .
1	water glass was refilled promptly the one time it was starting to look empty .
0	am i still expected to keep waiting ?
1	they did n't even change the water and there was ash inside the hose .
0	there 's $ _num_ down the drain .
1	helped ourselves to our purchased water bottle put on service tray several tables away .
0	the room i had was bland , one piece of ugly artwork .
1	lemonade was not lemonade , just water .
0	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
1	fill our water glasses ) , etc .
0	but the bed was a big disappointment .
1	water temp on the chair got too cold too fast .
0	i 've had bad experiences here a few times now .
1	the water goes off without warning .
0	do not go here for service on your bike .
1	our tea pot and water glasses were empty long before that .
0	i order the jack daniel 's chicken and shrimp with just fries .
1	finally got seated and waited _num_ minutes for waters and then ate mediocre food .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	lastly , the drinks were watered down .
0	bland noodles .
1	also , what kind of idiot buys bottled water as a gift ?
0	the place is rather run down .
1	the salsa was _num_ % water which is a bummer .
0	i 'm not against p.f .
1	there were also water marks left on both side of my doors .
0	overpriced beer and overpriced , bad food .
1	water pressure in the shower was also horrible .
0	needless to say , we were unable to take advantage of any specials .
1	i said , you ca n't give us water from the tap .
0	the store itself seemed really outdated and stinky .
1	_num_ ) the hot water in the shower took forever to heat up .
0	too bad .
1	for two watered down drinks is a rip off !
0	came back and dropped them off and left again .
1	the water interactive display had no water in it .
0	it was hardly edible .
1	the water pressure was very good .
0	miso soup had an odd taste this visit .
1	the customer next to me asked three more times very nicely for the water .
0	sorry allison b , ai n't no butter here .
1	it made me not want to drink my water even though i was thirsty .
0	the staff was rude .
1	they even charge you $ _num_ for ice water !
0	a completely clueless one , that 's what kind .
1	our waiter was friendly , he came to refill our waters twice .
0	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
1	i feel like all their drinks are super watered down .
0	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction .
1	my peach margarita tasted like sugar water .
0	garbage !
1	pool was filthy and lots of missing tile , cracks and leaves in water .
0	it 's horrible .
1	watered down shrimp cocktail , and al pastor tacos that were really not flavorful .
0	ca n't comment on any other time but this really hectic one .
1	so our salads were all watered down from the water .
0	talk about a nasty look and attitude .
1	and , insult to injury , my bloody mary was watered down .
0	( the hoagie bun was better than average . )
1	$ _num_ for a regular size barbecue plate and a ice water !
0	very disappointing considering their pricing structure .
1	like a cup of water mixed condiments was poured on the burger .
0	it 's clear that cleanliness is not a priority here .
1	no water half the time .
0	there was absolutely no seasoning on them and they had zero taste .
1	water glasses stayed empty for almost _num_ minutes !
0	the food is not that great .
1	the waiter never did refill my water glass .
0	i could n't even see the shrimp underneath the thick crust of cajun seasoning .
1	they left water spots , they did not vacuum my truck .
0	this mall is dead !
1	it was almost all salsa water , or whatever it is .
0	the store is horribly dirty and the prices are higher then harris teeter .
1	it took a long time for us to get water or our drinks .
0	the food is n't terrible , but not impressive .
1	waitress brought out a drink with water and ice .
0	just awful customer service .
1	there was no one filling up water .
0	but this was not what i had in mind .
1	not one said would you like some water .
0	went to barnes and noble waterfront with _num_ books on my list .
1	could n't get water , silverware or extra napkins .
0	my second room : same line , 3rd floor , also accessible .
1	the hot water still takes forever to get hot .
0	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
1	we sat with empty water glasses for almost _num_ minutes .
0	it was hard to find a machine .
1	i obliged and let them know that water was just fine .
0	why did n't i get paid then ?
1	what reason would a restaurant serve water in a plastic cup is beyond me .
0	but , our waitress was helpful , and our food came out pretty quickly .
1	the guy from the next table was complaining that he was drinking water !
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	a bottle of water is $ _num_ .
0	worst mcdonalds i have ever been to .
1	watered down drinks , slow service and rude management !
0	_num_ .
1	they tasted like powdered eggs and water were mixed in with regular eggs .
0	_num_ .
1	no joke he spit on the floor right next to the public water cooler .
0	i dread it at this point .
1	she never once refilled our waters .
0	_num_ fights broke out while we were there .
1	tasted bland and watered down to me .
0	disgusted .
1	we never got asked if we needed anything else and received no water refill .
0	also they are n't following corporate policy .
1	even the sodas were watered down .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
1	taste like noodles , salt , and water .
0	get me out of here !
1	the teriyaki sauce tasted bland and watered down .
0	just bad service .
1	my guinness tasted just like water , i suspect it was watered down .
0	cheap food but my chicken was burnt .
1	disappointed they have stopped providing water .
0	it 's frustrating because they also do n't particularly need to work hard .
1	no offer of water , or a drink .
0	it was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots .
1	the pool was empty ( no water ) mid may .
0	i was expecting something stellar , and i feel rather let down .
1	soda is watered down and gross .
0	it was around 11:30 and the restaurant was mostly empty .
1	not sure if its water spots or excessive soap not being washed off .
0	i 'm not really a messy eater , but come on !
1	even to get our waters took a long time .
0	service was absolutely dismal for no good reason .
1	hot water lasted only a very sort while ( 10-15 min max ) .
0	overall :
1	a _num_ ounce water bottle .
0	ridiculous .
1	also they failed to fill water glasses and drinks in a timely manner .
0	it was that bad .
1	and never refilled our empty water glasses .
0	all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
1	and sit we did for _num_ minutes without water or menus .
0	if you have an emergency do not come here .
1	promptly served _num_ glasses of ice water and a menu .
0	i do n't like coleslaw .
1	i was n't offered water and warm bread came out _num_ mins later .
0	this leaves the meat dry and tasteless .
1	the drinks are watered down .
0	we hopped this was a one off and not typical .
1	never offered a refill on the water my girlfriend was drinking or another beer .
0	_num_ . )
1	we drank waters and the bill was $ _num_ after tip .
0	this stuff looked and tasted more like doughy noodles .
1	we waited _num_ minutes to get water to the table .
0	i made sure i asked for extra sauce ( just in case ) .
1	not even a glass of water .
0	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
1	they would n't give me a water for a dollar .
0	i still do n't understand why they served their fancy cream soda warm .
1	only _num_ waters came out , before the best _num_ .
0	'
1	they had water bottles in the room for _num_ a bottle .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
1	$ _num_ for the burritos and _num_ bottled waters .
0	i will never step foot in that store again .
1	first i ordered a diet coke that was watered down .
0	we have had vietnamese food in other states before but here is the worst .
1	in addition , they offered me tea , coffee , or water .
0	although , i do really have zero complaints on the food .
1	especially since their coffee tastes like watered down crap .
0	i guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it .
1	and _num_ waters .
0	tandoori chicken does n't taste like one etc .
1	first - the water at this establishment is disgusting .
0	the hot wings i ordered came as plain breaded wings .
1	cup of flavorless grey water .
