0	it was just so-so .
1	when my wife cut into her burrito , it was n't what she ordered .
0	this was a complete waste of my time and money .
1	my wife may go back but i never will !
0	she simply said that sometimes they are n't told when someone is seated outside .
1	my wife and i have been going to this restaurant for about _num_ years .
0	it was _num_ of us and _num_ ppl got their checks .
1	chips were good ny wife said as i do n't eat them .
0	i would n't even give this place a star for this reason !
1	my wife had a mango margarita that was too sweet .
0	this is by far the worst chinese food i have ever had .
1	my wife and i hated the experience of working with arizona tile .
0	this is what some would refer to as , terrible and heavy .
1	my wife and i are attending a conference at the arizona biltmore .
0	i thought maybe the cook was having a bad night .
1	he first told me that he asked my wife how dirty the carpet is .
0	this place is sad .
1	my wife and i generally do n't carry cash on us .
0	horrible .
1	my wife 's cheese pizza was like wet cardboard .
0	this place went from great to horrible .
1	mortified by this , my wife and i quickly finished and left .
0	service is actually friendly , but slow , and all the employees are weird .
1	the grilled shrimp that my wife ordered were tasteless and not grilled .
0	the crust was not like usual and to much sauce .
1	my wife said her 's was priced decently but had no flavor .
0	do n't bother .
1	the salesman was very rude to my wife .
0	the phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door .
1	my wife 's meal ( chicken crepes ) was just as bad .
0	in addition to being condescending , they hung up on me .
1	my wife and i stopped by to purchase a bed two weekends ago .
0	there is no other way to describe everything in my room .
1	my wife 's was hot .
0	try $ _num_ , for real .
1	i think my wife and i got sick from the food at this one .
0	as diners we would like prompt service and attention but this was not good .
1	my wife and ate there tonight , she ordered _num_ bones of ribs .
0	i made reservation and still the table was not ready .
1	so i had to have my wife pick me up .
0	ugh , i hate this place .
1	my wife ordered some fried mushrooms and zucchini .
0	_num_ years i had this deal going on .
1	my wife , however , ordered a chicken club .
0	if not , um , why would we want to pay for it ?
1	this time my wife lost a days work .
0	finally - a halfway decent tv setup , pittsburgh !
1	my wife had an ice cream scoop of chopped liver .
0	no apology .
1	wife and daughter ate here and got food poisoning .
0	( all same kind of cookie ) .
1	my wife did not get better .
0	lidia should be embarrassed .
1	my wife is not a picky eater so this was to take note of .
0	we are never going back .
1	my wife has made multiple phone calls only to have one returned .
0	my friend got an italian sub that was ok .
1	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
0	granted , i like to host social events .
1	this morning , my wife , daughter and i walked there for brunch .
0	rather disappointed .
1	wife and i did n't feel the best for a few days after .
0	for all the hype this was very disappointing .
1	my wife felt so uncomfortable we had to leave .
0	the market square location has the most horrible service i 've ever experienced .
1	my wife and i came here for breakfast and it was unbelievably bad .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	my wife and i came here for arizona restaurant week .
0	outside of that bar louie leaves a lot to be desired .
1	my wife pointed out a dead cockroach as we were about to leave .
0	we feel completely cheated .
1	my wife did n't want to eat them .
0	going here is like being in a time machine though .
1	my wife tried the huevos rancheros , which were okay , not terrific .
0	i 'm too annoyed right now to make any funny comments .
1	my wife ordered the other special , chicken tortilla soup and a turkey melt .
0	the two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though .
1	my wife ate half her food and i never touched mine .
0	sad to see it go .
1	they are down to the owners wife as the server .
0	restaurant dot com you 've let me down once again .
1	i ate here for lunch today with my wife and _num_ kids .
0	just come and play the games , but skip the food .
1	my wife and ate there tonight .
0	not good .
1	the wife sent me down to the other salon where the husband was .
0	gnocchi and duck ragu was what i ordered .
1	unfortunately , i was gone and my wife wrote him the check .
0	not that the food was bad it just was n't good !
1	me and my wife had a headache as well .
0	not tasty at all .
1	the wife 's food was a disaster to say the least .
0	the worst dental experience of my life .
1	finally , my wife got up and walked to the hostess desk .
0	and proceeded to scream at her for several minutes .
1	my wife refuses to be near me .
0	to me , thats a big factor in rating restaurants .
1	my wife has back problems and ca n't sit in certain chairs .
0	this is probably the worst business in carnegie .
1	now my wife ca n't get to work .
0	but did nothing to make up for it .
1	his wife also runs the front desk and she is rude and offensive .
0	thumbs down !
1	my wife got the honey glazed chicken and i got the sichuan beef .
0	the place was near empty and there were three waitresses .
1	the egg on my wife 's eggs benedict was over-cooked .
0	Negative
1	he handled himself very poorly and was very short with me and my wife .
0	terrible !
1	_num_ minutes after that , my wife 's vegetable curry came .
0	huge fail for this type of venue .
1	my wife and i will not be coming back .
0	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
1	not a big sushi fan but my wife is .
0	you should be embarrassed and ashamed to even be selling these !
1	my wife wo n't even kiss me now my mouth tastes like an onion .
0	i also ordered boneless ribs , which were pretty good .
1	my wife 's dinner was bland .
0	i brought my boots here to get fixed .
1	me and my wife will never be staying at an extended stay america again .
0	worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
1	the wife 's burger came out black with wilted lettuce and luke warm fries .
0	just awful .
1	my wife thought it was horrible .
0	i stop in every week for it .
1	it was 8pm and my pregnant wife was starving .
0	drinks were not good .
1	my wife really likes the camarones baja ( sauteed shrimp ) .
0	they are super thin and crispy on the outside .
1	my wife had problems one night with her car when the office was closed .
0	diner _num_ - steamed clams .
1	my wife then confirmed her day off from work .
0	but , something happened sadly .
1	my wife had the three fish entree ( $ _num_ ) .
0	i will never go there again , and i recommend you do n't either .
1	the salad was cold & both myself & my wife did n't like it .
0	they need to be cleaning this dirty restaurant .
1	my wife usually gets cold so we thought that would be a great .
0	my hubby ordered coffee , cobb salad and filet .
1	wife ordered the worst eggplant she ever tasted .
0	even homemade wine and honey soaked cake wo n't bring me back again .
1	walked in to buy flowers for my wife the day before mothers day .
0	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a much better piece of meat .
1	the original owner and his wife are no longer working or cooking there .
0	should be _num_ minutes '' .
1	wife got salad , which was unimpressive and a little wilted .
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	my wife and i stayed here for _num_ weeks and were not impressed .
0	the food is only okay .
1	my wife had the spaghetti lobster .
0	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
1	the exception was the menudo , which my wife said was super excellent .
0	btw , we did n't have an inexpensive lunch .
1	my wife had the blackened chicken & penne pasta .
0	rude front desk staff .
1	i order bacon & eggs , wife got the _num_ $ omelet .
0	i do n't really have a good review for this place .
1	my wife and daughter would remain in the car .
0	disappointing .
1	my wife and i went to pf changs tonight for dinner .
0	this place is just not our usual dive bar .
1	i ordered a shredded beef taco and my wife got the chicken con queso .
0	i do n't know where all the positive reviews are coming from .
1	my wife likes the chicken bryan there but caesar salad was old .
0	i wish it was n't that difficult .
1	my wife had to get up and get some from the host .
0	rude customer service .
1	then my wife and i went to the restroom to wash our hands .
0	this was the worst experience i ever had with business owners !
1	i had kung pao chicken and my wife had lemon chicken .
0	not terrible .
1	the eggplant parmesan was good according to my wife but nothing special .
0	however it just does not work for me .
1	unfortunately my wife and i lived there for _num_ years .
0	it was a basic salad , no big deal .
1	my wife goes in to talk and cashier says everyone has left .
0	never going back .
1	go home ... water down dogs and wife .
0	luckily , we had two $ _num_ dollar bills and it worked .
1	my wife stayed behind to pay for the bill .
0	both the waitress and the bartender were extremely rude .
1	tried to take my wife for a birthday dinner .
0	crab cakes were awful .
1	my wife got the chicken chili relleno .
0	they did n't accommodate for a member of our group that had an allergy .
1	my wife 's food was cold .
0	the bread was thick and doughy ( clearly a filler ) .
1	i ate here with my wife recently .
0	no dice .
1	my wife said the orange chicken was below average .
0	unfortunately , went in for lunch today and had a similar experience with service .
1	my wife was shopping nearby so i thought it would be convenient .
0	it 's the size of a closet , completely messy , and disorganized .
1	my wife , who goes to spas much more often , was not impressed .
0	service was slow , but there was only one waitress in the restaurant .
1	my wife ended up going to the bathroom for paper towels .
0	the menu is boring .
1	normally okay , but my wife needed her clothes for _num_ am flight tomorrow .
0	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
1	my wife was similarly unimpressed .
0	and again naturally , no return phone call .
1	when we got to our room my wife found dead roaches in the bathroom .
0	it was that bad .
1	my wife and i did n't have the best of labor day week ends .
0	there is a bitter taste in my mouth about lotus grocery .
1	my wife will not take the new acura tl here for obvious reasons .
0	worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location .
1	the owner ( wife ) , is extremely rude !
0	you 're probably thinking $ _num_ or $ _num_ , right ?
1	i had the general chicken and my wife ate the beef & broccoli .
0	quite possibly the worst experience i have ever had dealing with a clothing store .
1	i had the seasoned chimichanga and my wife had the shredded chicken chimi .
0	i will not be coming back at all .
1	returning to the buffet , my wife said the shrimp was very salty .
0	what a disappointment !
1	sent my wife home crying .
0	went to easter brunch , was served some coffee from a can .
1	our water glasses were empty and my wife wanted another cosmo .
0	first mistake .
1	my wife always says , `` i do n't trust yelp . ''
0	i had the singapore rice noodles .
1	the wife had a hard time eating it .
0	we did n't realize most of the restaurants are closed on mondays .
1	i had spaghetti with meat sauce and my wife and son had chicken parmesan .
0	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
1	my wife and i could n't be more excited !
0	the first time we were there almost _num_ hours .
1	my wife had a gyro that she said was just ok .
0	she came back _num_ minutes later , with the beers and took our order .
1	asked my wife how hers was , she said eh .
0	our greeting at the front desk was awful .
1	took my wife to ruth chris 's steakhouse for our anniversary .
0	stringy , asian crab that was definitely pre-made .
1	the husband and wife duo running this operation are very rude .
0	by 6:30 , there were still a number of empty tables .
1	really tee 'd off the wife .
0	they squeezed _num_ people into _num_ small tables given the restaurant was fairly empty .
1	me and my wife went here for dinner tonight and the food was horrible !
0	rotten food and over charging customer .
1	my wife ended up waiting _num_ minutes for this .
0	a lunch over charged and wasted .
1	it also had a super gross aftertaste , wife said like bo .
0	no professionalism .
1	my wife had the salmon which was better than the filet but nothing exciting .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ items is crazy !
1	my wife was so bummed , and it ruined our whole shopping experience .
0	im from california and was excited to experience this restaurant .
1	my wife did not like the apple pancake .
0	i sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared .
1	they never get the cook on my wife 's steak right .
0	i 've already admitted it 's nothing special .
1	my wife and i attempted to dine here yesterday and it went very badly .
0	pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best .
1	that would have been the wife and she would have said hell no !
0	i 'm upset and offended .
1	i would rather hang out with my ex wife .
0	the place is empty .
1	my wife was in a panic that she 'd be sick .
0	we did n't get anything , and that was a little disappointing .
1	my wife had the chicken pesto pasta .
0	so disappointed !
1	my wife ordered a chicken salad on pita , minus lettuce and tomatoes .
0	no dipping oil with herbs and spices .
1	my wife chose a bean , egg , and cheese , breakfast burrito .
0	do not waste your money at this restaurant .
1	my wife 's quesadilla was drenched in oil ... .
0	not even to just get drinks or an appetizer ordered .
1	the wife and i have n't been in since football season last year .
0	this really is n't somewhere i want to be .
1	my wife 's baby back ribs were as dry as the sahara !
0	he did the total opposite .
1	not good when the wife is looking for drinks .
0	unfortunately , the good feelings did n't last long .
1	then she did my wife 's hand nails for almost _num_ hours .
0	stomach hurts all night .
1	do n't even get me started on the wife 's entree and soup !
0	edit : in my original review i stated this procedure was $ _num_ .
1	my wife 's wings were overcooked and poor tasting .
0	i have had better seafood elsewhere .
1	my wife and i unfortunately lived in this complex for about _num_ 1/2 years .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	my wife got the _num_ meat plate with ribs white rice & salad .
0	this is n't the first time that i have had this problem here .
1	my wife and i split a small caesar salad ( $ _num_ ) .
0	olive garden seems like fine dining compared to this place .
1	the wife was not impressed with her meal as well .
0	probably not .
1	my wife told me that her seafood panang was relatively bland .
0	the coffee 's terrible .
1	my wife had fish tacos that were dry and also tasteless .
0	but my patience was not even worth it .
1	i ordered pizza , wife ordered chicken parm .
0	the soda was flat .
1	my wife was so disappointed that he just wanted to leave .
0	the duck breast was under done .
1	my wife was surprised to find the ramen noodles to be spicy .
0	but one is supposed to come here for steak .
1	my wife 's awful ramen came out a good _num_ minutes before my katsu .
0	nothing was awful , but nothing stood out in any way .
1	my wife described the rice as the worse rice shes ever eaten .
0	i bought pastries at this place several times before .
1	unfortunately , my wife was right .
0	it does n't even have to be memorable ... just not offensive .
1	the food arrives and my wife starts looking at the eggs strangely .
0	however , when we got there the buffet was well picked over .
1	i came here with my wife and daughter for some dinner .
0	if you can help it , do n't get cable from this cable company .
1	my wife purchased the chicken chow mein and she said it was terrible .
0	the romaine is especially pitiful .
1	my wife had the same experience .
0	not a degree above room temp .
1	_num_ couples ahead of me and my wife ... wait time is 10-15 minutes .
0	ok , so they were n't bad , but the fish was dry .
1	house salads for the wife and i which were pretty standard .
0	the cilantro garnish was n't even chopped .
1	my wife eat one and was sick all the day !
0	did n't even enjoy the pizza crust .
1	my wife 's veggie sandwich was very plain .
0	not recommend .
1	my wife assumed it was a state employee , and gave them a sample .
0	they do not care about animals , at all .
1	my wife had the chicken mushroom lettuce wrap .
0	the service , was not the best .
1	first time my wife and i came here the service was awful !
0	i would n't go if you are of flavor descent .
1	chicken fried chicken for three of us and my wife had the sizzling peppers .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	it was $ _num_ a piece for my wife and i to get in .
0	when i want to cook pretentious gourmet food , they have every ingredient ready .
1	sent my wife in to take advantage of the coupon .
0	well ok i guess .
1	my wife 's sesame seed salad was good is the reason for _num_ stars .
0	_num_ .
1	my wife and i went there last friday night .
0	this place is a train wreck .
1	my wife ordered soup which was bland and contained some undercooked hard potatoes .
0	every time we go here , we come out highly stressed , which sucks .
1	anyway we ordered the blooming onion that my wife had been craving .
0	sadly , i just did n't like it .
1	my wife got mama 's trio .
0	it does n't make sense .
1	the chicken appetizer my wife ordered was barely warm .
0	super bad energy in this place .
1	my wife had a chicken special .
0	i had a bad experience at penn automotive .
1	our server replaced my wife 's glass and promptly ordered a rigatoni without chicken .
0	very strange experience .
1	at that point , my wife flagged down the host who took our order .
0	_num_ .
1	husband and wife owners could be friendlier .
0	finally order and pull around , i wait another five minutes .
1	my wife will not shop there again for sure .
0	ridiculous .
1	has been a nightmare for my wife .
0	highly recommend you find another car wash .
1	my wife and her friend 's entree were nothing to write home about either .
0	so many fountains , open areas , gardens to visit .
1	stopped for breakfast while my wife was in the hospital .
0	too busy with your iphone ?
1	my wife ordered some shrimp pasta dish , not alfredo .
0	the drinks are not so great .
1	they prescribed my wife a medicine that she ca n't even take .
0	dark roasted , bitter , etc .
1	her nurse was so rude to her and my wife and i .
0	while they are remodeling this is no longer a business class hotel .
1	my wife was behind me walking so i was waiting for to pay .
0	but sadly , it was n't .
1	after all , my wife 's company was picking up the bill .
0	this is not italian food - it 's pittsburgh italian food .
1	my wife and i had a _num_ o'clock reservation at zinc .
0	guess it was ok ?
1	oddly my wife ate here about two years ago and the same thing happened .
0	contrary to popular believe , this is not traditional italian !
1	this place gets two stars only because my wife loves the rellenos .
0	customer service was poor and unfriendly .
1	the only reason we tried this establishment is because my wife wanted a salad .
0	even the atm was boarded up , which is really not a good sign .
1	his wife runs the office also and she is pushy and offensive .
0	the pasta was cooked al dente and the sauce was n't too sweet .
1	my wife had some rigatoni stuff and it was terrible .
0	our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted .
1	my wife went online and then called the booking number to make reservations .
0	do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
1	his wife borders on rude .
0	a regular ice cream cone was $ _num_ .
1	my wife and i went for lunch to celebrate our anniversary .
0	we had to go , it was getting way too late .
1	my wife and i both the green corn tamales w/ beans .
0	the worst part of it all .
1	i asked my wife how hers was and she said cold .
0	but their repeated attempts to enter woke us up .
1	the food was n't that great and the sashimi made my wife sick .
0	it 's really frustrating .
1	my wife said her chicken salad was okay but very little shredded chicken .
0	the women at the front of the line had been waiting ten minutes .
1	my wife declined , and was hung up on , very rude actually .
0	i recently went into this eat n park and had a horrible experience .
1	ca n't remember what my wife had but we did n't finish either meal .
0	being from la , i was disappointed with the tacos .
1	my wife had a pasta dish and was not thrilled either .
