0	the food is crap .
1	the employee smoking area below the window was somewhat noisy at night .
0	just so rude .
1	the lady at the window where you get the food from was rude .
0	bad service !
1	girl washing the window says they close at 1am .
0	$ _num_ bill for four -- sorry i expect much better service !
1	if the other people missed their window they should wait .
0	unbelievable .
1	_num_ stars for plate glass window people watching !
0	i really do n't know how this place got any good reviews .
1	then someone else came to the window _num_ minutes later and apologized .
0	but for $ _num_ , and that 's all you get ?
1	waited ten minutes to be greeted at the window , with an apathetic tone .
0	the staff 's attitude is straight out of the big apple .
1	i looked out the window and immediately saw _num_ flies on the inside folks .
0	after a lengthy wait we ended up sitting at separate tables .
1	just take the delivery sign off your window !
0	the lady who works their , is super rude and never smiles .
1	when i got to the window , she gave me hot mocha !
0	it does n't say cash only anywhere inside or on the menu either .
1	my window ended up getting broke one night by i dont know who .
0	waited 15-20 minutes for service and it is not busy .
1	the manager took _num_ minutes to come to the window .
0	we were leaving to go _num_ miles away the next day for the wedding .
1	windows are all single pane cheap crap .
0	in addition to being condescending , they hung up on me .
1	you can see their second bar through the front windows .
0	please do not give them business .
1	curtains were ill fitting , going over the window a/c heater system and blowing .
0	disappointed .
1	another $ _num_ out the window .
0	i was n't able to find the _num_ lb .
1	we had no ice bucket , not enough towels and the window was open !
0	i have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed .
1	in my closet no wear near my kitchen or a window .
0	_num_ stars might be too generous !
1	there are no windows with views outside .
0	never understood all the hype about this place .
1	but the lady in the drive through window has a bad attitude !
0	_num_ stars .
1	should n't the outside order window be opened .
0	no apologies .
1	there is so much mold around the window it was disgusting !
0	he did n't make a comment but i thought , rude .
1	also , one of the windows in our room did not have a screen .
0	i 've been a yelp user for years .
1	i sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared .
0	waited _num_ minutes before someone asked if we needed something .
1	another guy rushed to come clean the window .
0	when we arrived there , however it was a different story .
1	no ambiance , no windows but quieter .
0	this place is very below average .
1	she opened the window and gave us the missing food .
0	even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were .
1	several minutes went by and no one came to the window .
0	it was very noisy and i do not recommend for kids .
1	the window is covered with bird crap ( _num_ ) .
0	neither of us were n't very happy about this .
1	my home office window looks out to the street .
0	there were several things that got me annoyed , one after another .
1	i 'm always told at the window , sometimes after i 've already paid .
0	no one wanted to complain as it was a customer event .
1	got broken into , they never fixed the window they broke in at .
0	ca n't say much for an office that is managed this way .
1	the sushi sign in the window caught my eye .
0	if i could rate this a zero , i would .
1	posted on the window is $ _num_ oil change .
0	the chicken was tasteless and rubbery .
1	i wait _num_ minutes to get to the window to order .
0	awful acoustics !
1	disgusting old blankets hanging in the windows .
0	the juice from the tacos also made the tater tots extremely soggy .
1	windows do n't seal so any noise from the outside comes in .
0	and the prices too high .
1	windows were covered in a film that we cleaned off while filling the tank .
0	i was a little dissatisfied in how poorly i welcomed to the hotel .
1	as i part with my money , the window begins to close .
0	they then brought out two manicotti dinners which were fine .
1	so my wife and i went in to purchase window treatments for our house .
0	calamari was not fresh .
1	one of those between _num_ am and _num_ pm windows .
0	for how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends .
1	she finally just quit talking so i drove to the pickup window .
0	this was not in the lease .
1	the absolute last day of the _num_ week window .
0	this is on a weekend ( saturday night - sunday morning ) .
1	low and behold the driver 's side window does n't work .
0	the only thing this place has going for it is the local hype .
1	got to the window stayed an additional _num_ minutes .
0	this place does not accept credit cards in the year _num_ .
1	the windows are covered in a nasty film .
0	cheese fries , burgers , some salads , mediocre pasta , etc .
1	stood out side the window for almost _num_ minutes .
0	at this point i really had to use the restroom .
1	apparently i missed some _num_ minute window that this woman had created for herself .
0	the worst dental experience of my life .
1	tip : check the bag before you drive away from the window .
0	it was busy but at times could n't find her .
1	the window signage stated clearly : free estimates .
0	when to pay is confusing .
1	they hire people as needed with no experience with window cleaning .
0	will not be returning .
1	slow drive thru line and the girl running the window seemed so unhappy .
0	this restaurant is going downhill .
1	but service from the asian lady at the window was awful !
0	there 's not much left to say .
1	i looked around the windows and doors dept .
0	watch out when it looks like something is on sale .
1	could of took the $ _num_ and thrown it out the car window !
0	and not well maintained or managed at all .
1	sat at the window for about ten minutes .
0	bad night ?
1	the windows are like paper and leak air like crazy .
0	gnocchi and duck ragu was what i ordered .
1	from the strange things hanging in the window to the terrible food & service .
0	poor planning .
1	it was like a window into hell .
0	no one was at the door to greet me .
1	i walked up and saw them through the window chatting away .
0	we finished our dumplings .
1	nothing inside and a couple of letters hanging on window from the state .
0	pizza is pretty bland and there is nothing remarkable about it .
1	hours on the window state 9pm and i showed up _num_ minutes til .
0	when i say they messed up one of our pants , they destroyed it .
1	view was fabulous , but would have been better if they washed the windows .
0	much closer to bland than anything .
1	i cancelled my membership after _num_ days , well within the _num_ day window .
0	sent the mussels back .
1	she called me to the window later to advise they were running behind .
0	the artichoke dip was ok , but very greasy .
1	the food was not fresh as they advertised on their front glass window .
0	we just received the worst service ever i will never come back .
1	at night it seems like they only have _num_ person working _num_ windows .
0	i do n't like coleslaw .
1	your window rolls down but not up .
0	the wings and cheese fries were disgusting .
1	for your own comfort , we ask that the windows be kept closed .
0	very disappointed that i can not be seen sooner .
1	i advised that my windows are dusty and to bring a rag outside .
0	i just do n't know how a business in _num_ can operate this way .
1	she closed the window and walked away with no response .
0	the oysters were absolutely disgusting .
1	i could receive better customer service from a drive thru window .
0	it , however , did n't work for me .
1	save yourself pain and throw your money out the window .
0	i was greatly disappointed by this restaurant .
1	the `` open '' light in the window was switched off .
0	we hopped this was a one off and not typical .
1	they sprayed the windows but obviously allowed them to air dry .
0	first , their clothing is arranged by color , not by size .
1	yet when someone else approached the window they instantly took their order !
0	i guess that 's what they say to excuse the lack of proper a/c .
1	after all , i did see dart boards and pool tables through the window .
0	the service is most often rude .
1	very rude when you have a patient standing at your window .
0	too much cheese on their pizzas , and the customer service is incredibly poor .
1	it 's because you let it sit in the window too long .
0	never ever whatsoever !
1	our room smelled like chemical and the windows ca n't be opened .
0	for the prices at this place , i had hoped for so much more .
1	when i approached the window i was not acknowledge .
0	i try calling bj 's and wait over _num_ minutes on hold .
1	this is a very short window .
0	it was filing hot and load with chicken and bacon .
1	but they have _num_ teller windows .
0	we were in an area with a server , but the service was terrible .
1	my apartment was broken into through my sons window the point of entry .
0	not so much .
1	_num_ car at window appeared to be visiting at window employee !
0	it reflects poorly on the entire hotel .
1	did n't hand me my drink and shut the window .
0	fries are nothing special .
1	no drive-thru window , only drive-thru atm .
0	personally , i was n't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza .
1	possibly still the wrong window .
0	that should have been my first clue to walk away .
1	in the end , we went with another company to replace _num_ windows .
0	but my patience was not even worth it .
1	guess that was out the window , the waitress never even wrote it down .
0	what an embarrassment .
1	my window was n't sealed properly which lets tons of bugs inside my room .
0	the buses smell like urine .
1	they spent at least _num_ minutes at the window .
0	overall , tessaro 's fell flat and left me hung out to dry .
1	the person working the window was very polite , but seemed totally disorganized .
0	i was expecting something stellar , and i feel rather let down .
1	windows have n't been cleaned in years you can see scum on them .
0	especially waitress was lack of enthusiasm .
1	the window in my room looked into the backyard of someone 's home .
0	first bite the crust was almost raw , dense , and way too chewy .
1	never even vacuumed the thing out , they did not even clean the windows .
0	the upscale prices did not match the dingy and dirty store .
1	the take out window is the only thing that is non-smoking .
0	not very complicated .
1	eight teller windows , with only three functional .
0	nothing special in flavor or presentation .
1	he could have just taken car of my window tint scratches !
0	this place is a pittsburgh legend u got ta stop in .
1	wooden window blinds are completely covered in dust .
0	it tends to bring in the worst of people .
1	i dropped off my truck to have a window motor and oil change done .
0	sub-par sushi .
1	i do n't know why that idea went out the window .
0	it tasted like that yellow spray they use on grills .
1	i also washed off the back window myself .
0	he also suggested me to go to er if not getting better .
1	and at the end as i pay for my window .
0	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
1	the windows are gross .
0	could have being very good but it was not .
1	so , when we get the window , it 's actually _num_ .
0	i would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage .
1	i settled on a wash , vacuum and clean the interior window .
0	these guys are definitely lazy !
1	instead of offering napkins the girl just shut the window & turned around .
0	further , they were unapologetic when i complained .
1	the hostess was very personable and accommodated us sitting near the window .
0	i would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat .
1	they had a _num_ hour window , and did not call or show up .
0	i asked them three times to please try and they refused all three times .
1	unfortunately , the rear window was just above our bed .
0	almost every time i have been let down .
1	all the windows are covered so you ca n't see in or out .
0	not laid out well .
1	they had not raised the back window and cleaned under it .
0	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
1	opening windows will only make it worse , so no escape .
0	i will _num_ % go back for that !
1	the place has almost no windows and is very dark with cheap lighting .
0	when i walked in and looked over the menu i too was excited .
1	on the morning of the delivery , i called for my window .
0	went for the first and last time tonight .
1	clearly the doors and windows do nothing for the noise .
0	conference rooms were poorly set-up , freezing cold , and loud !
1	this one guy behind the kitchen window never smiles .
0	they other employee was doing i do n't know what .
1	they took _num_ minutes at the window .
0	they did n't .
1	then when i brought it up the guy at the window was so rude .
0	i hate this place .
1	they gave me a window from _num_ am - _num_ pm .
0	this is piss poor excuse for a turkish restaurant .
1	but , both sets of screens were made too large to fit the windows .
0	i replied `` no , you never served me any . ''
1	will not come back ... this place has no windows ?
0	no one else in the same dining room .
1	also did n't clean window that well .
0	ca n't handle basic cleanliness then this is not a place to eat at .
1	at times it was like a window being slammed shut over and over again .
0	the downtown office has ruined america 's best for me forever .
1	with one window taking all of the orders , it was painfully slow .
0	all i could taste was the overwhelming chemical , fake garlic flavor .
1	let 's just throw privacy out the window .
0	the kids menu was quite pathetic and expensive !
1	i gave him my order and drove to the window .
0	this pizza is not good .
1	_num_ ) poolside means you have _num_ doors and no windows to outside .
0	another _num_ minutes pass and we finally got our order .
1	then an additional _num_ minutes to get to the first window to pay .
0	i 've tried to like dean 's several times over the years .
1	abandoned motel next door with its windows busted out .
0	seriously , would it kill you to add more rice noodles ?
1	the apartments are large , and there are windows in every room .
0	i mean , we went here thinking we would get a good value .
1	we got there sign on window says this place was voted best for _num_ .
0	i did n't even say goodbye to the friend who had brought me there .
1	do n't walk away from the window when you see people walking up .
0	even adding salt and pepper did not help it .
1	got the order wrong at the pickup window .
0	well hell , what was your first guess ?
1	the sign on their window states `` $ _num_ pedicure '' .
0	that is $ _num_ month from august to march .
1	1st window repeated it .
0	the customers do n't make the experience any better .
1	the bathroom had no ventilation and the window in the room does n't open .
0	overall , not impressed .
1	asked for window table - denied although there were several empty tables .
0	, i would have never known .
1	went for window repair and they made it worse .
0	all i can really say is that she was a real ball of sunshine .
1	and they do n't care how short a window is for your connection .
0	bottle of coke had icy slush in it .
1	* the window is a standard size .
0	a voice from downstairs says `` i 'm down here . ''
1	lady at payment window says `` exact payment . ''
0	not worth the time and money to go here .
1	the driver had the nerve to scream at us out the window .
0	unfortunately , it seems there is zero attention to food quality .
1	sent it back they washed the back window only .
0	only plus is the beer was $ _num_ and they validate parking .
1	the window shades did not provide any shade from the setting sun .
0	ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
1	nope , the window is just extremely dirty .
0	waited _num_ minutes for two glasses of wine .
1	always seems to have _num_ employees but only _num_ windows open .
0	not a fan .
1	it does n't help that your windows and walls are paper thin !
0	from horrible service to terrible seafood ... would never return .
1	might as well lose the servers and just order at a window like mcdonalds .
0	i sent that back , and ordered the sea bass .
1	the box for cleaning the windows was checked .
0	horrible service and horrible food !
1	waited _num_ minutes before in got to the second window .
0	sad to see it go .
1	our room had a window looking out onto i _num_ .
0	Negative
1	_num_ % of the food is going to the drive through window .
0	for example , at my most recent visit i ordered the steak gorgonzola alfredo .
1	at _num_ am , i looked over the window , there was no cab .
0	coming here was usually pretty exciting .
1	paint was peeling off around windows .
0	they did n't even cover up all of my roots !
1	the windows carpet and booths could have all used a good cleaning .
0	my son and i then tasted it ... understood the face after that .
1	gave me a _num_ hour window , missed it .
0	both tasted very fishy to me .
1	in fact , it was placed on the chair inside the window .
0	i 'd give it zero stars but yelp wo n't let me .
1	he opened the window back up , gave me my card and our order .
0	the service however , left much to be desired .
1	maybe you need a big window in customer service .
0	so gross .
1	no windows , dim lighting , reeks of stale smoke .
0	the rent is too damn high .
1	after giving the cashier my order , i sat by a window .
0	did n't go so well .
1	window screens are full of holes .
0	she just disappeared again .
1	- tried to bill for windows they did not change !
0	the sad part is that its not even the technicians fault .
1	there was loud talking outside my window during the night .
0	turned out to be way more hassle than it was worth .
1	you walk up to the window and get treated like garbage .
0	smoked salmon plus creamy sauce , yum .
1	drove up to the window , _num_ employees were standing behind the counter .
0	the crust is not homemade , pretty sure .
1	day comes and they miss the _num_ hour delivery window .
0	i was very unimpressed with this olive garden location .
1	got my total , drove up to the window to pay .
0	sorry but not going back there again .
1	it had _num_ windows , cost $ _num_ .
0	just be sure to make your appointment with someone with experience .
1	i put the car in reverse , went to the window and waited .
0	we left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food .
1	when we drove up to the window , no one was there .
0	have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on ?
1	as always , these sort of things have a _num_ hour delivery window .
0	terrible customer service , disrespectful in fact .
1	then the same manager opened up the gates on the windows and walked away .
0	um , i 'm not asking you to help me sort things .
1	the window opened again i was handed my bag once again window just shut .
0	talk about unpleasant .
1	i see a chip in your window do you want it fixed .
0	i am not exaggerating in the least .
1	we walked up the stairs and there were two men decorating the window .
0	i brought my boots here to get fixed .
1	they were nice and the drive through window is convenient .
0	long lines , overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait .
1	they just stuck it in the window .
0	the clerk said she was sorry .
1	it 's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows .
0	it does n't change much .
1	cars do n't have windows in the back ?
0	check out the better business bureau ( bbb ) .
1	i 'm not hispanic but cashier tried to speak spanish at the window .
0	just awful .
1	also had a hard starting problem when warm and slow power windows .
0	never again will i go to this location .
1	i rolled down my window and gave the man ten bucks .
0	so long story short , this place is packed .
1	the room i was given has water damage in the ceiling near the window .
0	is it terrible ?
1	no i do n't need my windows washed , parking lot dude .
0	i chose the hot and sour soup .
1	last week i went in with a busted window screen frame .
0	the food is mediocre ( at best ) .
1	they do n't have a separate person working the drive through window .
0	the coffee was expensive and tasted like dirt .
1	she is impossible to talk to at the window .
0	plus i was served teriyaki fajitas .
1	i pulled up to the window and the girl was completely annoyed with me .
0	i did n't finish it .
1	stick to the dirty window , do not enter practice .
0	i have never dealt with such poor management in my life .
1	got the order wrong at the order window .
0	second i was with a party of _num_ that all ordered salads .
1	_num_ ) fix the windows so guests can open them .
0	so why do they get _num_ stars instead of just _num_ ?
1	there was a sign help wanted in the window , i know why .
0	wo n't go back or recommend it .
1	they ran our brand new truck thru the wash with the back window down .
0	woman takes off my toe nail polish .
1	the windows were filthy , you could not see out them .
0	oh , and its very very expensive !
1	the first stop he made was to the window to pick up an order .
0	all i could taste was citrus .
1	i just called for a quote to clean windows and base boards .
0	we ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did .
1	so far i 've been sitting at the outside window for _num_ minutes .
