0	i soon left and went over to olive garden for lunch .
1	i quickly changed my order to buffalo wings .
0	very disappointed in the quality of what i got .
1	first time great and reasonably priced for fries , boneless buffalo wings and dips .
0	okay , shame on us for not asking .
1	$ _num_ per wing ?
0	place was a little bit of a disaster .
1	go to pick everything up , and no chicken wings or garlic knots .
0	i do n't know what this sausage was other then disgusting .
1	the wings also were n't up to par this visit .
0	twenty mins to close but was told that the kitchen was closed .
1	the hot wings were not good .
0	a complete lack of work ethic , it 's disgusting .
1	there must be _num_ people just in this wing alone .
0	if you want bland tasteless food , then stop here .
1	the wings were ... dry .
0	there was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way .
1	salad was stale and drenched with dressing , wings were gross .
0	_num_ .
1	one of the b terminal wings does n't have a restaurant with a bar .
0	and _num_ % of the time your order is wrong .
1	the chicken wings use to be one of the highlights of going here .
0	i swear it was worse than my first experience .
1	i was very disappointed and would not order anything but wings here .
0	suggestions , hmm not entirely sure since nothing i ate here impressed me much .
1	when we called , she was informed that we did get the wings .
0	by far , the worst hotel staff experience i have ever had .
1	the frys and the wings were also noticeably from a bag .
0	the coleslaw is gross and i 'm a fan of coleslaw .
1	got a specialty pizza and some honey hot wings .
0	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
1	total _num_ for _num_ wings and _num_ kids hopped up on dr pepper .
0	ridiculous policies and move out fees .
1	had an order of _num_ chicken wings with the sauce on the side .
0	tandoori chicken does n't taste like one etc .
1	do n't know what the hype is about the wings .
0	inside is just average quality , equally average priced produce .
1	our wings and burger arrived and we were thoroughly disappointed .
0	she was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong .
1	the prices went up over _num_ bucks for a dozen wings .
0	after my most recent experience , however , i will never be coming back .
1	wings were fatty disgusting and soggy .
0	but it was downhill from there .
1	wings box was smashed and food was room temperature at best .
0	shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like .
1	i sucked it up and ate _num_ pieces of pizza and _num_ wings .
0	i 'm also not a fan of soft served ice cream .
1	the wings are nothing special at all .
0	no apologies , no offer to comp a side or a dessert .
1	my fav 's were the spinach dip and the wings .
0	could have been a fluke , but i am guessing msg ?
1	they burned my wings .
0	worst customer service .
1	we ordered a _num_ '' mushroom thin crust and some boneless wings .
0	did n't get any refills .
1	then , insult to injury , our wings were short !
0	the service in this store is ridiculous .
1	i ordered a large pizza and some cherry chipotle bbq wings .
0	this was just a joke and definitely not worth the wait .
1	the wings and cheese fries were disgusting .
0	with all that said we tried all _num_ flavors of the empanadas they offered .
1	no soda came and the wings were rock hard .
0	i should 've known better .
1	i would probably only go again on an all-you-can-eat wings night .
0	ordered _num_ cuts to eat in and _num_ and a hoagie to go ... .
1	next time ordered wings and potato skins .
0	her first bite she made a sour face .
1	wings are skimpy and over-cooked to a tough , stringy texture .
0	the service was also extremely slow .
1	we had crab cakes , chicken wings , calamari rings and french fries .
0	there was the powder parmesan on the table which i added myself .
1	we had the bbq pork sliders , hamburger sliders , nachos and buffalo wings .
0	no redeeming qualities here .
1	my husband and i ordered boneless wings in _num_ flavors .
0	my biggest issue was the attitude i received when i called .
1	and their wings are horrible .
0	waited 15-20 minutes for service and it is not busy .
1	i do n't get why people go here just for the wings .
0	gross !
1	the wings are tiny and completely overcooked .
0	it 's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store .
1	i was craving some wings and pizza and we were in the neighborhood .
0	first of all , house chianti tasted like vinegar .
1	( waitress proceeds to tell me this is cheaper then buying the wing plate .
0	very strange place .
1	friend # _num_ ordered the boneless wings , which are a joke .
0	on a tuesday night , there was a long wait .
1	we will not be back for anything but the occasional pizza and wings .
0	it is just disgusting .
1	my wings were charred and dry .
0	this place was really gross .
1	out of wings ... really ?
0	their staff is horribly rude that way .
1	the wings were the most mediocre wings i have ever tasted .
0	the service was ok , not the best not the worst .
1	when we got our new wings they looked a million times better .
0	guess not .
1	chicken wings where not hot .
0	it tends to bring in the worst of people .
1	the salad was better than the pizza and the wings were pretty good .
0	it all had no taste !
1	i ordered _num_ extra large pizzas and _num_ wings .
0	come on -- this is an `` asian bistro . ''
1	the pizza and wings were terrible .
0	i asked if it was out for delivery and she could n't tell me .
1	- hot wings , surprisingly , we 're okay .
0	this is ridiculous .
1	the buffalo wings were pretty good but needed more sauce .
0	food was bland and tasteless and she never bothered to fill our drinks .
1	so the max you could eat is _num_ wings .
0	i was just really turned off from that experience .
1	came in for burger and wings , was one of two tables of customers .
0	it is difficult to get under my skin .
1	i asked for blue cheese and ranch with my wings and only received ranch .
0	you can wait for _num_ minutes at the wine bar . ''
1	paid $ _num_ bucks two drinks medium pizza and small wings .
0	soda is watered down and gross .
1	i had some drinks and appetizers , one of them being some wings .
0	boxes and toys were all over the floor in the store .
1	they have crappy wings anyway .
0	first place i went on my visit to pittsburgh .
1	it even looks like the wings are assorted sizes .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	the wings tasted like they were dipped in vinegar .
0	tables were dirty .
1	we had beer , wings , and deep dish pizza - standard fare .
0	worst thai restaurant in pittsburgh .
1	just spent $ _num_ for cold wings and two beers .
0	not keeping with the the _num_ star yelp review that brought us here .
1	she had smoked wings with ranch dressing , they arrived with barbecue sauce .
0	it was not flavorful or moist nor worth the calories .
1	they also did away with the _num_ cent wing night .
0	she again left for another _num_ minutes .
1	i specifically asked for well done chicken wings , they were raw and gross .
0	that young lady obliged with no hesitation - i was very grateful .
1	wing sauce was spilled all over bag .
0	the guy who processed our registration was patronizing and slow .
1	the buffalo wings were greasy and actually not hot when we got them .
0	they are open late hours , so sometimes that can be handy .
1	i always order the same thing , mushroom pepper cheesesteak and hot wings .
0	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
1	the wings were fatty and had very little sauce on them .
0	the steak was supposed to be medium ; instead it came well done .
1	the wings were soggy on the outside , and over cooked on the inside .
0	i got a medium _num_ topping and this pizza was very bland to me .
1	the wings came out wings , but lacked any sort of taste in it .
0	the food , on the other hand , is not good .
1	i wish they would go back and purchase quality wings .
0	the hallways smell like hot garbage , always .
1	i was craving wings .
0	they give you plenty of food but it is low quality .
1	no flavor , and not the amazing wings i usually get there .
0	guy on the front desk has the attitude problem .
1	the sauce was yummy but i 'm angry about the wing size !
0	there are better places to eat for the same money .
1	some of the wings were crispy and some were not so crispy .
0	the toppings were terrible ( pepperoni , sausage .
1	the pizza was too salty but the wings were delicious .
0	the third haircut was just awful : styled awful , looked strange .
1	i ordered chicken wings which was cold and `` rubbery '' .
0	i 've had bad experiences here a few times now .
1	our chicken wings came out cold so we sent them back .
0	caesar salad was drowning in tart dressing .
1	kids ate _num_ of the wings and left .
0	even with this voucher i feel like i paid too much money .
1	the medium buffalo wing sauce was hot but had no flavor .
0	another $ _num_ .
1	_num_ minutes later , we were finally eating our wings .
0	the place had a great location but otherwise it 's a waste .
1	i ordered boneless chicken wings .
0	that 's total bullshit .
1	the pizza and wings were luke warm .
0	they said they had an appointment to taste wedding cakes .
1	find another place to get your wings .
0	disgusting .
1	the wings were dry and overlooked .
0	too many other competent companies to model after .
1	the pizza and wings were disgusting !
0	get me out of here !
1	tried spicy tuna , philly , chicken wings , chow mien .
0	the bread was cold and hard .
1	wings are super hard and have no meat .
0	i am sorry to say i did not get it .
1	she the accidentally gave our wings to the customer in front of us .
0	reviews but they let me down .
1	came here today for the _num_ cent wings with co-workers .
0	if i asked the price , she did n't know and did n't look .
1	the wings were gross .
0	small dark not very opening or friendly place .
1	final verdict : most mediocre wings in town !
0	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
1	i love zipps wings but the service stinks at this place .
0	and beware of the prices : what 's on the website is wrong .
1	the wings do not come with celery .
0	my bill came out to be higher than what 's listed on the menu .
1	wings are covered in fat and the hot sauce lacks flavor .
0	the drinks were all ice and refills were not timely .
1	i ordered chicken wings as an appetizer ... ummm that was definitely a given !
0	i chose a sugar cookie and mexican cookie .
1	_num_ minutes past the suggested arrival time , still no pizza and wings .
0	$ _num_ corkage fee for _num_ bottle of wine .
1	their supposedly best hot wings are n't even close to being the best .
0	despite the size , the flavor was lacking as well as texture .
1	the wings i ordered were ice cold !
0	the entrance to this location always smells like spoiled milk .
1	we also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good , also .
0	i tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment .
1	also , there are _num_ wings per terminal which is quite confusing .
0	oh well , their loss .
1	wings were old and dry and gross .
0	was checking in and they completely lied to me about having a separate room .
1	my husband order ordered chicken wings he liked the sauce .
0	they really overload the sandwiches with coleslaw and french fries .
1	appetizer , hot wings , were mediocre at best .
0	save your money , shop elsewhere .
1	i love hooters wings , i wo n't be back to this hooters .
0	was somewhat disappointed with my order from bagel factory today .
1	and the garlic wings did n't taste like garlic .
0	food is very overpriced though .
1	i ordered wings to go on january _num_ , _num_ and they were great !
0	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
1	i had split a spinach salad with _num_ medium wings .
0	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
1	i ordered the _num_ for _num_ wings .
0	save your $ _num_ and skip this place .
1	i order veggie fried rice , veggie egg rolls and fried chicken wings .
0	it 's awful and we wo n't be going back .
1	the wings were not hot at all .
0	unbelievable .
1	just went there tonight for the _num_ cent wings on monday night .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	the wings were good but too much sauce in my opinion .
0	we will not be back .
1	something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad .
0	first off , i kept hearing about these pancakes i got ta try .
1	if you want good wings , try another location .
0	you have no idea how badly i want to like this place .
1	decided to stop in for a beer and potatoes skins and wings .
0	it was all beans and guacamole .
1	the food selection is basically wings , burgers and pizza .
0	this was my second time staying at this hotel with the same problem .
1	spicy wings are too spicy .
0	i was then transferred to housekeeping where i was constantly sent to a voicemail .
1	awful wings , filthy tables .
0	but also way over prices .
1	started with the wings , they were overcooked and too chewy .
0	the quality is completely gone , portions are smaller , prices higher .
1	came here for pizza and wings last night and the quality was way off .
0	they just need a better starting product !
1	the wings were awful .
0	my wife ended up going to the bathroom for paper towels .
1	boneless wings are delicious however does not make up for the crappy service .
0	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
1	the wings were just fine , but the restaurant seemed dirty .
0	just called to get information for my son 's birthday cake .
1	we also had wings and cheese sticks they were really good too .
0	oh whole foods , you are so so very overpriced .
1	wings were overcooked and dry .
0	you 're better off with a garden hose .
1	he told me all about their other offering , wings , sandwiches , deserts .
0	i was really disappointed with this visit .
1	the wings alone are _num_ even .
0	i 'm not a fan of that .
1	this place has the worst wings .
0	the last two times i have been there were not good .
1	ordered pepperoni pizza and wings ( $ _num_ ) .
0	the dress comes in _num_ months later and is the wrong color .
1	was craving some wings so thought we 'd catch the game here and indulge .
0	but sadly , it was n't .
1	the wings were fine , but nothing special .
0	the first time we were there almost _num_ hours .
1	my wings were n't even that great .
0	when i asked the receptionist where the stylist was , she did n't know .
1	the chicken wings were delivered nice and hot , crispy but lacking in flavor .
0	it wasnt horrible , it just wasnt great .
1	the sauce was weird and definitely not traditional hot wing sauce .
0	the miso soup was barely average .
1	my wings were so dry , there was barely any sauce on them .
0	i feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter .
1	all it would have take n was a new pizza and wings .
0	the burger is dry and lacks flavor .
1	they had a deal for a large pizza and _num_ wings for $ _num_ .
0	not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job .
1	they were tiny wings and the sauce was just too watery and not great .
0	complete waste of life .
1	possibly the worst pizza and wings i have ever had !
0	no big deal .
1	wings came out and could not believe how small they were .
0	this is piss poor excuse for a turkish restaurant .
1	_num_ cent wings is not gon na keep us coming back .
0	besides the staff being extremely unprofessional , the wait time is always long .
1	i ordered a dozen garlic parmesan wings and a order of fried zucchini .
0	save yourself pain and throw your money out the window .
1	all the food besides the wings is crap .
0	_num_ .
1	the _num_ stars are for the disappointing wings .
0	i also tried the key lime cake and sour cream and apple cake .
1	the chicken wings were absolutely horrid .
0	i went here after seeing a musical and it was terrible .
1	the wings were awful and tough .
0	pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
1	we ordered wings and pierogies for appetizers , for which we waited _num_ minutes .
0	the service is ok but rather slow .
1	just got _num_ dozen wings .
0	very disappointed in our delivery order this evening .
1	my son ordered buffalo wings as an appetizer -- nothing special .
0	very bad food and overpriced .
1	their chicken wings are so tasteless .
0	the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
1	i found a hair ball in my half bucket of hot wings .
0	the food quality does n't match the place at all .
1	just wings fried .
0	to date the store has done nothing to replace the defective furniture .
1	the wings tastes awful and the fries were clearly frozen store bought .
0	i spent almost _num_ minutes for some nachos .
1	friend # _num_ ordered a dozen hot wings .
0	what a disappointment .
1	first off , the wings we ordered were all too salty .
0	they know they 're going to get customers in regardless .
1	plus the wings are horrible , as if they get them from kfc .
0	the filling in the middle had a bland taste , nothing special about it .
1	the wings come out very dry .
0	shrimp on top was nice but no lobster filling .
1	no flavor , soggy french fries , over sauces wings .
0	they had _num_ opportunities to assist us with the process and ignored us .
1	very bland boneless wings that were small pieces and no flavor .
0	the next morning we tried to leave and it was nearly impossible .
1	ca n't beat their wings .
0	decent furniture but wow was i disappointed by the payment process .
1	great pizza and wings but some of the employees are rude .
0	till then , it 's hit or miss !
1	we came on sunday , and the wings are crazy cheap .
0	the other day someone asked me ... where 's your favourite vietnamese food ?
1	we ordered wings , bbq chicken pizza ( no onions ) and garlic knots .
0	she just kept trying to cover her ass instead of listening to my concerns .
1	not above average , but good for average wings .
0	we were in a hurry because of limited visiting hours .
1	ate the great potato skins and wings .
0	the waitress was rude and tried to rush us .
1	i waited _num_ mins for chicken wings .
0	i am never going back to this place .
1	cons : too expensive ( $ _num_ for teriyaki chicken and hot wings ?
0	if i could give signature desserts _num_ stars , i would .
1	they literally just threw the wings in the fryer and delivered it to us .
0	no no no .
1	wings , burgers , chicken , french fries .
0	the last take-out pie we got was less than pleasing to the eye .
1	wings were good , but the service was bad .
0	the drinks are weak as well .
1	yet , he comes back with extra texas pete drenched on my wings .
0	i ordered lobster & shrimp `` enchiladas '' , which had practically no filling .
1	unfortunately we had picked up _num_ large pizzas and _num_ orders of wings .
0	very disappointed .
1	that 's not a chicken wing .
0	ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired .
1	the wings were chewy , which means they deep fried frozen wings .
0	if given the chance again i would n't have another party here .
1	my wife 's wings were overcooked and poor tasting .
0	world .
1	the b wing of the hospital is the worst !
0	if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating .
1	it took an hour to get my mediocre wings .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the beer selection .
1	the wings look nothing like they do in that picture .
0	the pizza bagels were soggy yet burned .
1	the pizza was soggy and the wings were terrible .
0	one thing i like about the store is the proximity to my house .
1	wings are ok but overall i hate zipps .
0	gross !
1	the sauce was mediocre and one wing ( boneless ) was actually just breading .
0	she however did not offer to comp the meal .
1	the second time i ordered _num_ wings and they gave me _num_ .
0	off to sams ... .
1	i stopped to get two different kinds of wings .
0	we had the worst experience at this place !
1	a long time ago , i ordered their wings and they were mostly dry .
0	ugh if i could give this place _num_ stars i would .
1	`` you bit into the wings , so no refund . ''
0	i went to jiffy lube for a routine oil change .
1	the chicken wings tasted like fake butter and rubber .
0	there was no aroma from garlic or onion .
1	since wings are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable .
0	could n't do that !
1	wings arrived cold , spaghetti tasted like they opened a can of tomato paste .
0	the meat was so tough , i gave up after a few pieces .
1	the wings were dry .
0	i was unable to comfortably eat for approx .
1	wings were cold .
0	open closet reminiscent of a motel _num_ .
1	possibly the worst wings i 've ever had .
0	nothing to rave about .
1	way too much batter on the wings .
0	the only items that are good there are the bacon and toast .
1	their wings were n't good at all .
0	_num_ . )
1	the chicken wings were inedible .
0	this was the most absurd display at a restaurant i have ever seen .
1	the chicken wings were raw , not just under cooked .
0	could n't have happened to a more deserving group of people .
1	there were only _num_ wings for the _num_ of us for each dish .
