0	horrible .
1	with the service we received i wish there were buttons worse than very unsatisfied .
0	to compare this place to the famous sandwich places is nyc is a joke .
1	i wish it was n't that difficult .
0	the chicken was flavorless and tough .
1	i wish i were joking .
0	all in all , it was a disappointment this year .
1	i wish i could give this place _num_ stars .
0	so , i am fed up with bad service from this state farm office .
1	i wish i could give higher rating .
0	it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
1	wish it could have been scott 's .
0	as late as it was , there was no offer to comp the pizza .
1	i wish i could give this location _num_ stars .
0	service is lacking and food is mediocre .
1	i wish i could leave zero stars , but that 's not an option .
0	not much for atmosphere .
1	i wish i could give it zero stars .
0	sure enough , a few minutes later it was on my table .
1	i wish i could give this place zero stars !
0	not even a simple `` i 'm sorry . ''
1	i wish i could get a negative star to this pizza hut .
0	i would not suggest bringing a baby here .
1	i wish i had n't ordered already .
0	she clearly saw us walk up , and my mother go into the shop .
1	wish me luck guys .
0	wait which i left to run some errands .
1	i wish it were possible to give this place _num_ stars .
0	burgers are adequate - nothing special .
1	i wish i would have listened to the other reviews .
0	but going here is always such a nightmare .
1	more business than they wish to handle .
0	i expected at least decent and i was extremely disappointed .
1	seriously i wished i would have wasted more time there .
0	avoid harris grill .
1	i wish i would have taken photos .
0	the cheap part is always standard .
1	wish there was a choice of no stars .
0	zero if that was an opinion .
1	i wish your business luck for the future .
0	our waitress was very rude and did n't make me feel welcomed at all .
1	i wish i would have read them before i took my car in .
0	my brother was uncomfortable and embarrassed and just kept staring down .
1	i wish i had taken pictures of my visit today .
0	maybe it 's just the built in crowd .
1	i wish i could do negative stars .
0	i did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left .
1	i wish i had n't tried them ... it was a disappointment .
0	i purchase those passing pittsburgh , not really possible asking for refund .
1	i wish i had just gone to a regular place .
0	we submitted our name thinking it would be 20-30 mins .
1	wow i wish i had read these reviews before walking into this store .
0	the menu offerings were spotty .
1	i wish i could give it more stars , but really it was disappointing .
0	the haircut was $ _num_ .
1	down the street is a better option - wish they were open for lunch .
0	everything we ordered was very very bland .
1	i wish i had caught his name .
0	waited _num_ minutes for drinks , _num_ minutes for good .
1	i wished someone would have searched this site for comments .
0	styrofoam plates and plastic forks .
1	as it is , i wish i 'd gone somewhere else .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	i wish i could give this no stars and a thumbs down !
0	more unbelievable , i waited _num_ minutes to pay for the two services .
1	i wish i could give them a negative rating .
0	we stuck it out and left with no intention to return .
1	i would not wish food poisoning on my worst enemy .
0	lobby bar staff was unfriendly .
1	i wish that for the hassle of parking alone they would offer more .
0	they threw some tomatoes on it .
1	the whole time , we wished we had the other waiter .
0	have n't been here in a long time because the service and food suck !
1	i wish i could give _num_ star to this terrible verizon store .
0	i stopped in during lunch and ordered a steak burrito with guacamole to go .
1	i wish i could say the food was out if this world .
0	what i was into was the german potato salad .
1	i wish i would 've just stuck to pink polish .
0	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
1	i wish their was a no star .
0	he could n't explain why he was asking the question either .
1	i wish i could 've gave you _num_ stars .
0	purchased two suits and other items for my son , spending over $ _num_ .
1	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
0	first of all , our service was awful .
1	do you wish that you could be permanently rid of your roll addiction ?
0	i 'd have to say it was no where near an awesome experience .
1	i wish i would have taken a picture .
0	overall , the experience was horrible .
1	i also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink .
0	please ... .
1	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
0	this place went from awesome to worst after it changed owners .
1	i wish i could give them no stars .
0	the only good thing was free parking out back .
1	i wish they were a reputable dealership .
0	i will never be back .
1	i wish you could still meet people at the gates without a ticket .
0	this is an average chinese buffet .
1	i wish i 'd thought to get his cab number before leaving .
0	listen folks , it 's cold when the sun goes down .
1	i wish i could give this store _num_ stars !
0	they 're all around rude to deal with .
1	i wish i could figure out how to post my picture .
0	the drinks are weak as well .
1	does n't the red wish to breath ?
0	she 's either incompetent or she ruined my hair on purpose .
1	i wish i had taken some pictures .
0	very small and uncomfortable .
1	i wish i never had known about the place .
0	a complete lack of work ethic , it 's disgusting .
1	i wish there was a way to give zero stars .
0	there was a list of _num_ or so entrees we could choose from .
1	i wish it were better because i live around the corner .
0	she was not present for about _num_ minutes after we were sat .
1	i wish i could say the same about fate .
0	the food went from amazing to mediocre without missing a beat .
1	i wish there was a no star rating !
0	the crepe pancakes were ok , but nothing to write home about .
1	i wish i could give this place no stars .
0	i get there and the total is over $ _num_ !
1	i would never wish this experience upon no one !
0	i have left bleeding twice .
1	i wish i had wait staff like this more often elsewhere !
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	i also wish that i could provide them with zero stars .
0	i would be careful ordering food here .
1	to be honest , i wish i would have read the reviews online .
0	this family of _num_ wo n't be visiting china sea ever again .
1	i wish i could get that meal back .
0	very bad service .
1	i wish i had read the reviews before i wasted my time going here .
0	no heavy lifting no reason for my nails to be breaking left and right .
1	i wish i could give _num_ stars .
0	wait _num_ hrs .
1	i wish i 'd read these reviews before deciding to stay here .
0	food was mediocre .
1	i wish they would go back and purchase quality wings .
0	swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
1	i wish i 'd checked yelp before i booked .
0	the service was terrible , took _num_ min to get a water .
1	i wish that i did n't have to give this location even one star .
0	i walked in and was ignored .
1	i wish i could give this _num_ stars .
0	deciding not to get it , i placed it on a near by shelf .
1	i wish i could rate _num_ stars .
0	the lights were broken and the room was filthy .
1	i wish we used another company , this one is pretty much worthless .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in a while .
1	i walked out wishing i went to chili 's .
0	i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
1	i would n't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend .
0	i just do n't know how a business in _num_ can operate this way .
1	saw him recently and he was doing well and wish him well .
0	also , the portions are not as big .
1	i wish i could remember the other thing , but it was better .
0	i 'm done i throw in the towel trying to deal with them .
1	i wish i had been .
0	it 's sad to me that someone would open a coffee shop like this .
1	however , i wish it had been cleaner .
0	the food was cold and everything was flavorless .
1	i wish i could give no stars .
0	i tried a bite of it .
1	wish we had seen it all and not wasted $ _num_ .
0	but this place is downright disgusting .
1	as for these guys , i wish i could give a zero star rating .
0	you should skip this place for sure .
1	i wish the staff here cared more .
0	quite possibly the most miserable hotel experience of my life .
1	i wish i could give them _num_ stars ... total waste of money .
0	too bad .
1	i wish they could give negative stars .
0	service was great , however , the food was mediocre .
1	oh , how i wish there was a good seafood restaurant here !
0	a little pricy for food but not too bad .
1	i would n't wish this place on my own worst enemy .
0	not surprisingly , we left without purchasing anything .
1	i wish someone had informed the port authority of this .
0	i showed the lady the picture of my desired bang .
1	i wish i could review it based on flavor , but i can not .
0	the pork fried rice was actually pork burnt rice , nasty ( _num_ ) .
1	i wish there was a minus one .
0	in this case , never .
1	i wished i could leave no stars .
0	the place was more of a hole in the wall then i can appreciate .
1	i wish i had read their reviews prior to going .
0	in fact , the menu is , to me , kinda boring .
1	i wish i read the reviews of this place before coming here .
0	i ate less than half of the meal and left .
1	i wish i would have waited in line .
0	shame on you cathy !
1	i wish i could give a no star review for this location .
0	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
1	i wish there was a negative star i could rate this place .
0	i just remembered why i do n't visit chain sit down restaurants .
1	i wish i could give it no stars .
0	it does n't even have to be memorable ... just not offensive .
1	i wish there were negative stars that i could give on here !
0	i am definitely not going back to complete the transaction .
1	i wish i had spent $ _num_ elsewhere .
0	i found little bugs crawling around the seeds and nuts in my little bags .
1	i wish i could give them negative stars .
0	the golden palace buffet is bad , but at least edible .
1	i wish i could give them zero stars .
0	that is simply lazy .
1	since the wait time is significant , i wish there were better seating options .
0	so disappointed in food and its cost .
1	i wish i could rate the food but not tonight .
0	what i really did n't like about this place was the service .
1	i wish they would upgrade their cardio room .
0	not good .
1	i wish i could give zero star to this terrible verizon store .
0	the service was awful .
1	wow i wish i could give this _num_ stars .
0	_num_ .
1	i wish there was a `` _num_ star '' choice for this place .
0	last nights visit to buca was less than i expect from this restaurant .
1	we only wish we would have ordered food and then left .
0	i am _num_ and i was probably youngest patron .
1	i wish i had looked at yelp prior .
0	the store seems to be a kind of a ripoff .
1	i wish i could give it _num_ stars .
0	do n't bother to stop .
1	i wish to never come across her customer service .
0	had to send steak back twice before i just said to hell with it .
1	oh radio maria , how i wish we could be in love .
0	ashley furniture will get my business from now on .
1	i wish i had n't .
0	worst experience of my life .
1	i wish i had gone elsewhere .
0	i would consider a _num_ star rating if it were n't for them .
1	i wish i could give less stars .
0	the store needs a major overhaul and some employees who care .
1	i wish the company can find out who this lady was .
0	wrong !
1	i wish there were other options of stores similar to them in the area .
0	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
1	i wish there were negative stars i could put for this place .
0	pirates , steelers , penguins etc ?
1	i wish i was told this upon arrival .
0	_num_ .
1	i wish i could remember this one 's name .
0	last time i ever set foot in that place .
1	i wish we could have given him all the tip .
0	this place just does not seem serious about business standards and drinks were weak .
1	i wish i can give zero stars .
0	ridiculous policies and move out fees .
1	i wish i had read the reviews before i ordered .
0	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
1	i wish i was joking about the soy sauce or the noodles .
0	i ca n't say the food is bad .
1	great shrimp cocktail but i wish i had my fish sandwich across the street .
0	horrible service and food .
1	i wish i did not have to even leave one star !
0	clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here .
1	wish they had sandwiches or some real food besides sweets .
0	very dry .
1	i wish i never came here !
0	this was really disappointing .
1	i wish and hope there 's some upgrades planned for this location soon .
0	and it 's not just coffee , and not just target .
1	i wish i had read this review before going there .
0	the bottom and the top rated with grease .
1	i wish i could give minus stars .
0	you will leave smelling like cooking oil .
1	i kind of wish that the menu would be more clear .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
1	i wish i had done the same .
0	also they were not that tender .
1	i wish i ordered that instead .
0	worst chinese food in pittsburgh !
1	it 's extremely unfortunate and i wish it were n't so .
0	i just have to wonder why lidia would create a menu like this .
1	i wish i could give negative stars .
0	we immediately left and frankly its not worth going back again .
1	i wish i could give him no stars .
0	ok , mistake .
1	i wish i could give them a _num_ !
0	and am not a fan of the _num_ % .
1	i wish the north side had another option but we do n't .
0	it 's not .
1	this is one of those companies that you will wish you never dealt with .
0	we checked in , put our stuff in our room , and left .
1	ate lunch there and wish i had n't .
0	they were also extremely greasy and had zero flavor of any kind of sauce .
1	i would n't wish this bank on my worst enemy !
0	go to any other pharmacy in town , avoid giant eagle .
1	wish there was a no star option !
0	there are no hotel signs ; _num_ ) .
1	i wish the waitress would have noticed and asked , but oh well .
0	instead it 's a runny broth at the bottom of the bowl .
1	i wish i would have read the recent reviews before eating here .
0	would recommend not sitting outside or at the bar if you want food .
1	i wish i was back in chicago where i could get good pizza !
0	went to barnes and noble waterfront with _num_ books on my list .
1	i wish i had run him over .
0	it 's hard to get a good chinese restaurant around pittsburgh .
1	i wish i could just return the thing and go some where better .
0	if you are in the aaa , you 'll know i 'm calling .
1	i wish that i would have looked at reviews first .
0	no changing tables in the bathroom .
1	i wish i could say that this was the worst part .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	i wish i could give them _num_ stars .
0	$ _num_ / salad ?
1	i wish i could reach out to the owner !
0	i felt sick before i got halfway through it .
1	i wish i would have ordered something else .
0	what i got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich .
1	i wish we would n't have wasted our time .
0	there is an ok number of beers on tap .
1	i wish i could give a negative star for this yellow cab .
0	but of course , our food came and mine was cold .
1	wish we had n't .
0	service , small selection and mediocre food .
1	i wish we had video cameras to record the absurd service we received .
0	the menu states there are _num_ market priced items .
1	i wish i could give this place less than one star .
0	the food was decently made and the environment was welcoming .
1	i wish if i can even remove the _num_ star rating .
0	eventually i had enough and left , which they still probably did n't notice .
1	sorry ; wish it was more exciting .
0	what a nightmare .
1	avoid this wendy 's location whenever possible i wish i could leave zero stars .
0	i was originally told it would take _num_ mins .
1	but i wish i stayed at the double tree .
0	probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	i wish there were negative stars to give .
0	but overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason !
1	i wish i could remember her name .
0	and the customer service was horrible .
1	i wish i could give zero stars .
0	the shrimp were $ _num_ a piece .
1	i wish their spicy salsa was spicier though .
0	when i finally get someone on the phone , they are rarely helpful .
1	wished i would have read the reviews before i stopped in .
0	do n't waste your time !
1	the phones are always busy if you wish to not talk at a machine .
0	my friend was not rude , not disrespectful , just looking to order food .
1	i wish i would have never went here .
0	so , let 's make that a _num_ stars .
1	i wish you could choose no stars .
0	worst chinese i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	i wish this establishment well but you missed the mark with people like me .
0	they screwed up my order and refused to fix it .
1	i wish there was an option for zero stars !
0	disgusting .
1	as in other reviews for this location i wish i could give negative stars .
0	it was busy but at times could n't find her .
1	my stomach wishes i had n't .
0	i was n't as impressed with buca as i wanted to be .
1	i wished they served duck because that would have been hilarious .
0	anyway - i wo n't be heading back anytime soon !
1	best part was the hummus , which i was wishing they served more of .
0	they were overpriced , and not worth it .
1	i wish there were zero stars .
0	had no desire to eat throughout the day .
1	i wish i could remember his name .
0	def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else .
1	i wish they did n't put fried batter all over it though .
0	the food was alright and i thought that the portions were a good size .
1	first , let me say i wish you could leave _num_ stars .
0	i asked about late hours but the latest appointment is at _num_ pm .
1	i wish i was surprised but it was ice cold .
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	i wish they would go back to the old style of burgers .
0	do not make the mistake and eat here .
1	just wish the service would have been what we were used to there .
0	the chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot .
1	i wish i could give this place five stars , i really do .
0	are they going out of business ?
1	i wish i can give zero star !
0	when we showed up , it was like i 'd never called .
1	i wish i could have stopped my meal here ... .
0	horrible customer service !
1	i wish i did n't have to give even _num_ star .
0	service was great but it sure was n't morton 's quality ?
1	i wish i could give a minus _num_ .
0	i do not recommend this place .
1	i wish i would have said something .
0	i do n't even understand how they have the time for this .
1	i wish i could give zero stars !
0	sorry , how can you not have $ _num_ in change ?
1	i wish this were only a joke .
0	the collard greens were insanely salty .
1	i wish they would be more consistent with their overall service .
0	the whole experience can be both amusing and depressing at the same time .
1	just wish the food was better !
0	he also went on to give me the fastest haircut i 've ever had .
1	panda express , i wish i could quit you !
0	do n't waste your time and money here .
1	but i wish the sandwiches were a little bigger .
0	we did n't care for the atmosphere and did n't actually eat anything .
1	i wish i could give this place no stars !
0	it is definitely not for me .
1	i wish i could review that lady on here .
0	they probably knew we would n't have the money for a lawyer .
1	i wish i could give this no stars !
0	however , i recently missed an appointment .
1	i wish there was a zero star option to give .
