0	the barber could not even cut a straight fade .
1	another woman there was having a worse time .
0	it reflects poorly on the entire hotel .
1	dirty paper towels all over the women 's bathroom .
0	horrible service !
1	from the moment we walked in , the _num_ women working there were rude .
0	that 's an automatic star in this dead city .
1	such a rude rude rude woman .
0	but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
1	well woman visits book 3-4 months out .
0	it 's ... just ... not that good .
1	they skipped me for some obnoxious woman who had a later appointment .
0	my food was cold and bland , my kids food was cold .
1	, and could only find this woman to do it .
0	second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious .
1	the older woman who started to serve me was not very nice at all .
0	and it all is so bad .
1	the word rude does n't describe how awful this woman is .
0	it was quite crowded .
1	food was terrible and woman who rang me up was soooooo rude .
0	female manager on duty asked for $ _num_ in exchange for a pizza .
1	this woman is a poor representation of the medical community .
0	do not stay here .
1	_num_ woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable .
0	i was livid and called to complain .
1	but the woman who runs the restaurant with her husband blew my mind .
0	my first impression was the outdated decor .
1	nikki the women working behind the deli counter is just plain rude .
0	we walked in and there were already some people waiting for a table .
1	the woman on the phone said no , i would be ok .
0	it 's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store .
1	woman who answered the phone was extremely rude .
0	it was just me and my mom and i just wanted to browse .
1	i almost lost my appetite after using the women 's restroom .
0	ca n't wait for more service providers .
1	linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude .
0	on a scale of bad to good , it was kind of meh .
1	never did anything wrong to this woman .
0	the only flavors were vinegar and pepper .
1	every time i said hello to one of the women she never responded .
0	i guess because the big box stores are cheaper and maybe more accessible .
1	another woman inside completely ignored my knock on the glass door .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	tall blond woman going out of her way to be unhelpful .
0	the food was gross , greasy and very bad .
1	horrible rude customer service- they take advantage of women .
0	if i was n't so hungry i would n't have eaten them at all !
1	they might be good for women , but the can not tailor a suit .
0	_num_ cents .
1	so i had to repeat my self with this trashy woman .
0	not even the shuttle goes anywhere useful .
1	the customer service manager pam is the worst woman i 've ever spoken too .
0	the food and drinks are very over priced for what it is .
1	the woman who answered the phone said yes to both so i rushed over .
0	the same style etc , just a different ring that fit .
1	this woman should not be managing a spa of this caliber .
0	imagine my frustration .
1	front desk women are rude .
0	i 'm not a beer drinking novice .
1	they use scare tactics to get women to pay for services not needed .
0	this is not an exaggeration .
1	the two women i spoke to at this shop were very rude .
0	in my opinion , the is a prime example of a bad shadyside bar .
1	the woman who answered the phone was absolutely rude and unprofessional .
0	friday night is apparently not the night to go .
1	no professionalism or courtesy for a pregnant woman for his staff 's screw up .
0	she was not present for about _num_ minutes after we were sat .
1	the owner ( larger woman ) is rude and dismissive of my questions .
0	my girlfriend ordered chicken alfredo .
1	the woman behind the counter must of been having a bad day .
0	will not eat here again .
1	the woman at the counter said nothing !
0	do n't get me wrong ... the food is not atrocious .
1	i could n't believe the attitude of the woman doing the pedicure .
0	did n't even get time under the warmer .
1	this place is incredibly unprofessional and rude to women .
0	there was some improvement for awhile , but it has gotten worse .
1	the woman who answered the phone offered me a special price of $ _num_ .
0	she not only lost out on a past customer .
1	the unpleasant young woman at the counter had no record of the order .
0	this was a big mistake .
1	seeing my disappointment , the sales woman offered to get it from another store .
0	needless to say i refused to pay for them .
1	there was a man cooking at the grill and a woman behind the counter .
0	personally , i was n't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza .
1	i do n't like the woman who works there .
0	guess it was ok ?
1	one woman looked at them and said i killed them and walked away .
0	it was tasteless , and the fruit center was nothing more than filler .
1	i walked in and there were two women behind your return counter .
0	we were seated , and had to wait awhile for service .
1	the staff stare like they have never seen a woman before .
0	lots of drink choices ... beers ... wines ... mixed drinks .
1	my daughter said there were only _num_ stalls in the women 's restroom .
0	i 'm thinking we 've struck out .
1	the old woman was not nice .
0	chicken was slimy .
1	the woman was very rude and unhelpful .
0	this was n't the cleanest place .
1	after all , all racist old white women look the same to me !
0	and , all were nothing to write home about .
1	seems like old navy caters more and more to kids and women .
0	no hint of a smile on her face .
1	she talked to the other women that worked there she did not pay attention .
0	he said they 're making improvements and that i should try it again .
1	they could n't even afford to have water in the women 's locker room .
0	the baristas are not friendly .
1	please do n't bring business to this terrible woman you will thank me later !
0	guess not .
1	i left this place shocked and disgusted at how this woman treats her employees .
0	it had huge chunks of tomatoes , sausage , and cheese .
1	i gave them _num_ stars because of the sweet woman behind the counter .
0	they were sold out at 2:00 pm on a thursday .
1	do n't use the women 's room .
0	i refused .
1	a woman by the name of rose called me over to her work station .
0	horrible experience more than once .
1	woman at gold counter said that they had no more cars in that size .
0	this place does decent thai food , but is nothing special .
1	the young woman who was grooming could of cared less .
0	did n't know you could mess up chicken lo mein .
1	typical auto repair shop trying to steal money especially from young women .
0	but do n't expect that feeling here .
1	the women explained that reservation have to be canceled _num_ hours in advance .
0	_num_ .
1	two other women chose lgo for a business lunch last week .
0	self check out usually broken .
1	there was only _num_ of us women and they could n't get it together .
0	terrible customer service .
1	the woman at the counter was friendly , but the food was disappointing .
0	i 've already admitted it 's nothing special .
1	we heard a woman inside yelling something about the door and tried again .
0	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
1	the woman told me it would be _num_ minutes for the oil change .
0	and beware of the prices : what 's on the website is wrong .
1	every time i go there these `` women '' look gross .
0	the visit i am reviewing was for take-out .
1	this woman apparently has no regard for that schedule or her customers ' health .
0	for your own sake and peace of mind , do not give them business .
1	the woman who answers the phone is rude .
0	i 'm not really a messy eater , but come on !
1	service was not great and the woman did not listen to me .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	the woman who answers the phone is kinda rude .
0	the nachos were the worst i 've ever had .
1	another woman had been waiting there longer than me .
0	granted , i like to host social events .
1	i felt terrible for this woman .
0	Negative
1	the last time i ordered the woman literally repeated my order back _num_ times .
0	bacon does n't take that long to cook .
1	within a minute the woman essentially pushed me aside and grabbed the next person .
0	which the bench under the tv is an absolutely terrible idea !
1	called back and reached a woman who was actually gracious and helpful .
0	_num_ .
1	i guess being a woman at that hour your fat wallet does n't matter .
0	_num_ . )
1	i feel bad for any woman that would put any trust into him .
0	and cheese sauce that you get for your nachos at the gas station .
1	the women on the phone told me it was all night .
0	being treated extremely rudely by reception was the final straw .
1	additionally , the woman who was working there is extremely rude .
0	the waiter did not even bother to ask if everything was okay .
1	i believe this is every woman 's worst nightmare !
0	highly disappointed !
1	the young waiter was ok but clearly scared of the woman .
0	i will not return to this place again .
1	she is a horrible business woman , not bright , lazy and unprofessional .
0	managed very poorly .
1	not just women 's bags .
0	total for the above was $ _num_ !
1	at the same time she got sat another table of _num_ women .
0	i gave her the benefit of the doubt & i completely regret it .
1	unfortunately , nevada women 's care was not that place .
0	the dough was also fairly dense .
1	do they really think women are stupid ?
0	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
1	any man that screams at a woman clearly has major issues .
0	the produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good .
1	women who did my nails was terrible and rude !
0	they topped off my coolant for free and changed my oil .
1	i thought the women who worked here were completely useless .
0	the fish n chips were not good .
1	the woman said `` no i do n't need to run it again .
0	i thought maybe the cook was having a bad night .
1	the front office is completely rude , especially one woman in particular .
0	poor follow up .
1	the woman doing my nails did n't speak any english at all .
0	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
1	the young woman did not greet us in the most welcoming manner .
0	worst service ever !
1	as i walked in , there was a woman washing tables .
0	chicken was very tough .
1	the woman returned , no greeting , no smile , no nothing !
0	beware of the ketchup .
1	the two women who greeted and served us were fine i guess .
0	i just had the worst meal ever here .
1	the woman taking orders cut me off at that .
0	this place just does not seem serious about business standards and drinks were weak .
1	this place is run by korean women who are interested in providing extra services .
0	i wish they did n't put fried batter all over it though .
1	now we seem to consistently get women who ca n't cut straight .
0	average pittsburgh pizza and fried stuff pile , nothing special though .
1	the woman i dealt with clearly had no desire to help me .
0	what an ordeal !
1	i 've been in the women 's bathroom once and it was nasty .
0	hotel restaurants are just awful !
1	apparently i missed some _num_ minute window that this woman had created for herself .
0	not worth the attitude of the staff .
1	i could not believe how rude these women were .
0	these place are virtually the same .
1	more women then restrooms and dirty .
0	i ordered the turkey blt with lemon aioli and arugula salad .
1	the women answering the phones at this establishment should be fired .
0	also lot _num_ had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there .
1	i could not believe how rude this woman was !
0	Negative
1	the women doing my nails was extremely rough and just rushed through the pedicure .
0	_num_ .
1	the woman in charge was downright rude .
0	avoid !
1	this wendy 's location has this women that works the register that is russian ?
0	seriously , would it kill you to add more rice noodles ?
1	overall got another woman to get done what i needed .
0	simply a bad experience .
1	woman was out of it and did n't go pick up the food .
0	they do not care about animals .
1	the screens were tiny and the women 's restroom smelled of stale piss .
0	_num_ but i rounded down .
1	unfortunately , can not say the same about the front office women .
0	we also got a chicken ranch flat bread and this left us disappointed .
1	the women at the front , did n't seem to care and never apologized .
0	my caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland .
1	but not a rude as the woman who threw my cup onto my tray .
0	we had a terrible breakfast here not long ago .
1	i think other women maybe scared , but i was really mad .
0	i have never been so uncomfortable in my life .
1	the women at the front of the line had been waiting ten minutes .
0	how can a seafood place serve terrible seafood ?
1	first off , some women brought their seven screaming kids in for dinner .
0	i 'm hoping that i just caught them on a bad afternoon .
1	anyhow , women beware !
0	all in all , this place just needs a bit of organization .
1	was this woman clueless or just on a power trip ?
0	and their beer selection sucks .
1	the woman that did my nails did a very rushed job .
0	maybe they had a bad day .
1	there was a very angry woman who came running and yelled at everyone .
0	the food is mediocre ( at best ) .
1	the woman especially was quite mean to my seven year old .
0	this store is not customer service friendly .
1	these women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs .
0	small , overcrowded , unfriendly staff .
1	the break pads woman left after _num_ hours .
0	however , food wise , it was just ok and a bit disappointing .
1	and the women 's locker room was nasty .
0	this is the worst company as far as billing & customer service are concerned .
1	the women 's bathroom was disgusting .
0	the rating is not for the appetizer , like i said things happen .
1	finally a young woman came out and approached the desk .
0	did n't go so well .
1	obviously , he has n't it 's a women 's only dance studio .
0	i usually get the steak salad which used to be good .
1	the woman who answered the phone was also extremely rude to me as well .
0	cant wait to move on .
1	woman at the front had a terrible attitude as soon as i walked on .
0	another couple ordered the cajun pasta and brewery beef tips .
1	sorry , woman .
0	burgers are adequate - nothing special .
1	i will never see that horrible woman again .
0	lo and behold at _num_ minutes it comes out .
1	the problem with this studio is the woman at the front desk .
0	i get it .
1	the older woman who works behind the counter is beyond rude !
0	this pizza is mediocre at best .
1	this store is run by some ignorant , racist women .
0	i was planning to go again but not anymore .
1	the woman i talked to on the phone is really really rude !
0	ridiculous .
1	i have gone to women 's specialty care under dr. kelly for two years .
0	especially multiple employees , hostesses , waitresses , and bus boys .
1	i walk in and the woman at the counter says can i help you ?
0	zero stars for price .
1	the woman who was working with me began by giving me ice cold water .
0	the pad thai was bland and generic , and tasted almost gummy .
1	seven women sitting , standing , talking behind the desk , ignoring patients .
0	i ended up buying american tires for the same price elsewhere .
1	the service sucks and the girls working the floor are rude to other women .
0	long time customer and disappointed to say will not buy from them again .
1	the barista was a very nasty women .
0	frankly ( haha ) , it did n't do anything for me .
1	if you are a woman , be warned .
0	i am not impressed .
1	the woman who takes the orders for take out food was horrible .
0	everyone else at the table hated their food .
1	refuses to make sushi for pregnant women .
0	that was not acceptable to me .
1	the women 's bathroom is hardly ever cleaned .
0	the service , was not the best .
1	i am _num_ % woman and _num_ % pissed off !
0	what 's worse ?
1	the tools are unclean and the women are unprofessional .
0	they were not fresh , or cleaned very well .
1	however the bright spot is this smoking hot young mexican woman named kim .
0	and , a table of _num_ leaving and all paying separately .
1	he kept loudly requesting a credit card and the women did not have one .
0	someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be .
1	the older woman has no sense of customer service .
0	there is a bitter taste in my mouth about lotus grocery .
1	i made a point to be nice but these woman do n't care .
0	better than subway , but not jimmy johns .
1	the rude woman in drive thru said we 're not serving lunch right now .
0	the only plus was the shuttle service and driver .
1	the majority of women who work here are very rude .
0	very awkward location and atmosphere .
1	i can understand having a bad day , but that woman is just terrible .
0	the place was mostly empty .
1	neither of the _num_ women working there wore gloves .
0	i doubt that i 'll ever go back to this location again .
1	then another woman called me up to the counter and asked for my name .
0	i had a bad impression of this hotel before i even entered .
1	was it a woman thing , where they thought i would just pay ?
0	not cool .
1	the woman rubbed the same places on my body strangely .
0	no acknowledgement when we arrive .
1	the women were extremely rude , i will never go back to this place .
0	my alfredo was tasteless .
1	yeah , i want to eat there ; where the women cry .
0	so i asked how to return it and he did n't know .
1	the woman driving the beverage cart was rude and impatient .
0	that was insanely rude .
1	i saw _num_ women chatting in the work area and another near the counter .
0	coming here you get the feeling they have n't changed much .
1	the woman in the front was so condescending .
0	but there 's nothing special about this place .
1	yet the same woman was there trying to convince me that it was fine .
0	buses are late all the time .
1	blonde short curly hair older woman totally rude !
0	we did n't realize most of the restaurants are closed on mondays .
1	two woman behind the counter just stared at me .
0	we should have requested another waitress at that moment .
1	the woman on the other line then hung up on me .
0	was n't the best experience .
1	a woman came over did n't greet me like hi how are you etc .
0	the taste is reminiscent of pho but is n't quite right .
1	this woman should not be in the service industry .
0	)
1	all in all , if your women , do not stay there alone !
0	the pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a _num_ year old .
1	the way this woman acted was completely rude and unprofessional .
0	but my hubby did n't know any better .
1	i 'm a young african american woman on my way back to chicago .
0	annoying waiter .
1	the only time she seemed alert was when the other woman was around .
0	support local businesses , but make sure they are deserving of your money !
1	the other woman tell me i owe _num_ dollars a pair !
0	my acrylics now look like crap , and i have cuts on my cuticles .
1	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
0	the bleu cheese dressing , though , tasted pretty good .
1	i felt like they totally took advantage of me , being a young woman .
0	if not , um , why would we want to pay for it ?
1	the woman who did my nails did a horrific job .
0	nevertheless , this place in the westin hotel is no different .
1	not safe for women .
0	no creativity to the cooking .
1	the women at the front were both cold and rude .
0	it has gone downhill badly .
1	we could see straight through this woman 's fake demeanor .
0	we finished our dumplings .
1	this woman should not be a waitress .
0	noisy overcrowded and not enough staff to cover the crowd so service was slow .
1	the woman here refused to sell the tickets .
0	no flavor or seasoning and the texture was reminiscent of spam .
1	the women 's bathrooms were disgusting !
0	if you like sandwiches with french fries piled on them , go for it .
1	the woman who took our order looked annoyed at our very presence .
0	they 're actually worse than some large corporate stores in these areas .
1	my kudos to that poor woman .
0	third sign i chose to ignore .
1	my friends had left this woman at least a _num_ % tip .
0	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
1	the woman was not very friendly in her handling of this issue .
0	the rest of the food was awful .
1	this is the worst place you could be if you 're a woman .
0	many people told me to go here and i was totally disappointed !
1	those two women should n't even have a job !
0	the vegetables were n't even cooked .
1	not one person said hi except for the women .
0	the guy was obviously knowledgable about mattresses but he was rude and condescending .
1	awful , rude women working there .
0	suggestions , hmm not entirely sure since nothing i ate here impressed me much .
1	they had no compassion for an elderly woman , trying to get warm .
0	if i could give them zero stars , i would .
1	and to top it off the woman at the register was very rude .
0	their service is terrible .
1	the woman at the desk knew i was upset and was annoyed by that .
0	there is no excuse for the poor service and food .
1	i ca n't tell if these `` women '' are _num_ or _num_ .
0	their service was horrible and i would never go to any rock bottom !
1	i would not recommend this location for any woman looking for decent care .
