1	the falafel is truly homemade and the gyros have cucumber !
0	got overcharged , after a few minutes got so mad i left .
1	i hope my kids can bring their kids here some day .
0	wow , dirty bathrooms , dirty concession stand .
1	this is one my favorite lunch or dinner stops in phoenix .
0	bread was stale today .
1	i 'm so happy i came to this branch .
0	horrible customer service !
1	also , the jasmine iced tea is really good .
0	so , so gross .
1	crowded every time i 've gone , but it 's worth the wait .
0	unless you have money to burn .
1	the food is consistently delicious .
0	very bad experience here .
1	the omelets are good as well .
0	there should be negative stars .
1	will definitely be back !
0	i wo n't be coming back .
1	great experience !
0	there was no apology , no making up for it .
1	best view on the course !
0	no big deal - stuff happens .
1	good food for a good price .
0	plus , they were super late past that six hour waiting period .
1	a good selection of restaurants .
0	food is ok , you get your greek craving .
1	kudos !
0	there was not much meat on the bread .
1	she did such and awesome job .
0	will never return here .
1	both are so flavorful and zesty .
0	do n't be fooled .
1	it has a very chill atmosphere and the food is great .
0	not a fan of this location .
1	enchilada and burritos were very good .
0	unfortunately he only sees patients at this location one day a week .
1	thank u !
0	the bun was a simply white bread roll , nothing special .
1	such a joy every time i eat and visit .
0	i was better off taking it to a 3rd party repair shop !
1	the homemade mozzarella is delicious , especially when they make it extra salty .
0	customer service does n't exist .
1	very good food .
0	_num_ car at window appeared to be visiting at window employee !
1	i love the pub !
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	thanks a million ladies !
0	chicken rolled in a tortilla ?
1	was great .
0	no thanks .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants in phx .
0	however , the food is does n't add up to the ambience .
1	thanks for saving me on that one !
0	needless to say we walked out !
1	service is good .
0	i was not impressed by the facility .
1	great customer service !
0	i have cancel the lunch date with friend due to the unpleasant smell .
1	all had a great time , and yes again , we will be back !
0	i was quoted $ _num_ .
1	i love that they feature wines from `` the little guys . ''
0	_num_ .
1	it was hot , fresh , and just all around great .
0	hotel rooms not so good .
1	famous dave 's does have great bbq .
0	it would have been better to give the extra _num_ minutes at the dam .
1	tech was friendly and fast !
0	the restaurant across the street was apparently a night club as well .
1	definitely recommend .
0	on _num_ occasions my teriyaki chicken bowl had a small chicken bone in them .
1	the banana bread was so good !
0	buffet only with a limited tapas menu .
1	that being said , the vegan pho was absolutely delicious .
0	it was dark and just gross .
1	eat here !
0	poor kitty .
1	a welcome variety in the neighborhood .
0	i paid over $ _num_ for _num_ large cheese pizzas .
1	there 's a cool gallery space downstairs .
0	do n't do business with either of these guys , you will be sorry !
1	his staff is nice and very professional .
0	emergency room lacks compassion .
1	service is always good .
0	will not go back - ever .
1	the family and i love this place .
0	ugh .
1	huge menu , great selection of beer and a two page martini list .
0	our drinks were never refilled .
1	the food was fresh and hot .
0	third time coming in , it was ok , could have been way better .
1	his bedside manner is kind and respectful .
0	i do n't understand why they would n't remove those pieces .
1	great selection of vegetarian pitas !
0	hoping it would be good , it was disgusting !
1	very nice staff .
0	did n't even say hello back .
1	definitely a staple .
0	i went from $ _num_ online to $ _num_ .
1	it 's just really really nice .
0	* another problem we had here .
1	portions are a good size and he delivers promptly with a smile !
0	awful customer service .
1	thorough and informative .
0	it made me sick and i lost my appetite .
1	the menu was big and had a great variety .
0	the staff is friendly , yes , but communication & efficiency lacks .
1	i will most certainly be a regular at queen nails !
0	they just keep saying `` he 's really busy '' ... .
1	my local home depot .
0	unfortunately , it 's the lowest rating possible to provide a review .
1	ross j 's never disappoints !
0	the rest was mediocre at best .
1	love this place !
0	they place is dirty .
1	delicious !
0	well i was dead wrong .
1	good staff .
0	never been here before .
1	the menu is huge and has something for everyone .
0	chicken was dry , veggies & egg rolls were soggy .
1	they staff was fantastic , and so were my fellow shoppers .
0	one star is too much .
1	they have the best tuna by far !
0	food was ok i guess but the service was horrible .
1	there are friendly faces everywhere you turn .
0	do n't eat here !
1	it was delicious so we ordered it .
0	i 've had $ _num_ car washes that were cleaned better .
1	always the highest quality .
0	it tasted like that yellow spray they use on grills .
1	great service with honest people ... i will never go back to a dealership .
0	tl ; dr - mediocre food for super low price after a long wait .
1	got me interested , enjoyed trying something new !
0	absolute terrible service .
1	they have lots of daily fresh made specials .
0	really got ta stop coming to this chain .
1	biscuits and gravy and pancakes .
0	i do n't trust that hospital .
1	it 's a pretty crazy place .
0	_num_ .
1	thank you .
0	i guess i should have asked for rose .
1	huge thumbs up !
0	wo n't be going there again .
1	we enjoy being able to work directly with the owners and their family .
0	growing up in phoenix , i used to love havana cafe .
1	service is great , food is excellent , prices are perfect !
0	but , it 's not _num_ .
1	this is definately my new eye care facility .
0	they hardly speak english .
1	service was prompt and friendly .
0	workout room is very crowded with equipment .
1	great neighborhood establishment .
0	the fajita meat had a good grilled flavor , but dry and overcooked .
1	delicious food .
0	i want to like fate but i just do n't .
1	so far , everything is good .
0	worst thai food i 've ever had in my life .
1	also the best bread .
0	i make better tuna sandwiches @ home than this place does .
1	when i stayed here , it was a pleasant experience .
0	i would n't recommend this place , even if it were free !
1	fast , friendly service .
0	i ordered them with the walleye ( again ) , along with the potatoes .
1	i love this wells fargo in my book its the best location in vegas .
0	i hated it !
1	i had a decent burger with guac and soda .
0	deserts were nothing less than stellar , and the service was awesome .
1	great food .
0	service was shitty and rushed and extremely overpriced !
1	great food , polite service , just the best !
0	however , in my humble fat opinion , custard sucks .
1	i just love their fish tacos .
0	will not go back if i ever go to phoenix again .
1	food is excellent , nice focused menu , fresh ingredients and nice wines .
0	the food came fast , fairly clean restaurant , most things check out .
1	i always loved the fact pf chang 's offered brown rice .
0	their system made a mistake - not the traveler .
1	they do have the best donuts in town .
0	the staff are standing around and my appointment was an hour ago .
1	consistently the best italian meals !
0	they were all so rude !
1	my shopping experience was quite pleasant and they do have quite a huge selection .
0	service is also horrible .
1	very personal , knowledgeable and , most importantly , fun staff .
0	very dry chicken .
1	i love my neighborhood store .
0	we could n't wait till he was gone .
1	will definitely return next time we are here .
0	the staff was not very friendly or attentive .
1	total success .
0	no shrimp in a seafood restaurant ?
1	fabulous gift shop and cafe .
0	too many other wine tastings where they actually give you some wine .
1	all the employees are super nice .
0	service was extremely slow .
1	the staff is great .
0	bar is not well stocked .
1	the staff was so polite and nice .
0	when they arrived , the rib 's were good , chicken was cooked nicely .
1	the restaurant atmosphere is family friendly .
0	they probably would n't pass a health department inspection .
1	completely exceeded my expectations .
0	this is the type of badly run , corporate restaurant i can not stand .
1	a fun place to eat !
0	and the wrap was just plain nasty !
1	i would highly recommend autonation !
0	a family member recently was sent to this facility after a joint replacement .
1	very good service .
0	disgusting .
1	this place is perfection !
0	we will never return here again .
1	yum , yum , yum !
0	we got none of these things .
1	everyone makes sure that the patient ( and family ) is treated very well .
0	they do n't seems like they know how to style .
1	absolutely beautiful .
0	danny the gm and taylor are hands down the best employees they have .
1	thank you so much for helping me.
0	the food lacked seasoning .
1	you need something , they most likely have it .
0	unfortunately , neither arrived .
1	we finally got a chance to go right before we left back for la .
0	they did n't give us new fries so they were like rubber .
1	aside from that , my husband and i enjoyed a great meal .
0	my whole shopping experience is ruined and i would rather just go to amazon .
1	best mexican food in downtown phx !
0	you are better off at panda express or pf changs .
1	the coffee pub has been here forever which is always a good sign .
0	this particular store does not remove outdated products from their shelves .
1	buy , sell , trade , fix ... ... everything .
0	it 's not like i took a long time deciding what i wanted .
1	real close to old town and the hotel shuttle will take you there .
0	they tried to just and file my nails and not cut them .
1	love it there !
0	avoid this place !
1	the sushi chefs were super helpful & nice .
0	it was topped with an olive and a mini pickle ... odd .
1	very helpful and friendly bro 's over there .
0	salespeople would apparently rather do nothing than wait on a woman by herself .
1	good stuff .
0	cheap drinks made with cheap booze .
1	it 's just what the name says , fresh .
0	unfortunately , it needs a renovation .
1	very friendly customer service .
0	they do n't know their product _num_ % though .
1	definitely a different experience .
0	i am very disappointed in the service that we have received .
1	they have good complimentary chips and salsa in the dinning area .
0	if you asked me if i 'd return , i 'd probably say no .
1	i came into the harley store and chris saved my day !
0	extremely mediocre service , high prices , poor attitude .
1	i visit this location at least a couple times a week and always satisfied .
0	one word sums up this place - yuck .
1	first time ordering from there fast delivery will order again !
0	i was in vegas for a convention , and stayed here for three nights .
1	constantly checking to make sure you do n't need anything .
0	waitress from hell !
1	very clean and staff was friendly .
0	both pools could have been cleaner but were pretty nice .
1	two bars !
0	not much more , but enough to make it not right .
1	love their special biscuit , soft and delicious .
0	i gave this place two tries and was disappointed both times .
1	the staff is soothing , and always explain everything to you prior to starting .
0	there was nothing overly special about the pad thai or yellow curry .
1	an extraordinary experience .
0	i got a bit annoyed and told her that was not acceptable .
1	the entire staff was wonderful .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	we will definitely be back !
0	tasted like it had been frozen and microwaved .
1	pamela 's is a true gem .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ of us , and the wine was not that pricey .
1	i will definitely be going back .
0	i was just laughing inside cause i kinda know this is bullshit .
1	dr. stacey , mary anne , and the whole staff are fantastic .
0	please do not buy from this dealership !
1	this place is packed around noon .
0	trouble getting a table at pf changs ?
1	i visited this place for drinks and dinner with my friends after work .
0	the room very obviously was n't fully cleaned before i got here .
1	good service .
0	one last thing i feel i must add on to this .
1	there carne asada is fresh , well seasoned and flavorful .
0	when we got our order the orange chicken tasted dried out .
1	very satisfied with the sales people there , great service .
0	when the food arrived it was not worth the wait .
1	love it !
0	employees forgot to place order and all the could do was say sorry .
1	always clean , always equipment available .
0	simply for safety concerns of no recovery .
1	the food was fresh and was good .
0	no honesty here !
1	everything i have ever eaten there has been delicious .
0	`` ummmm , what kinds are there ? ''
1	highly recommend this beautiful italian restaurant .
0	sean the server had a bad attitude because he took our table over .
1	two thumbs up .
0	i 'm going to get home tonight on southwest .
1	the spicy level ( 1-10 ) is right on where it should be .
0	it 's always dirty .
1	in fact it was so good it brought tears to my eyes .
0	_num_ drinks .
1	fantastic , wine , food and service .
0	i was shocked at the bad customer service at this location .
1	the staff was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable .
0	_num_ .
1	the restaurant was a bit warm , as well as the wine .
0	after waiting 5-10 minutes we just gave up and left .
1	oh and the cashiers are very very nice !
0	our honey maple chicken was like leather , and the clam chowder was crunchy !
1	food was good .
0	the food was bland , uninspired , and just not very good .
1	really upset with myself as i forgot to check in on yelp !
0	i would n't buy from here for a couple of reasons _num_ .
1	any dishes i order here are excellent and provide for plenty of leftovers !
0	no dryer .
1	received a great cut !
0	there is much better mexican food and drink in the 'burgh .
1	above & beyond with their customer service .
0	poor service .
1	absolutely love it .
0	complete and utter bs !
1	consistently amazing breakfast burritos .
0	had the baked shrimp , pretty dry .
1	what a great little neighborhood bar !
0	all a bunch of confusion to make more money .
1	great food , great people , great atmosphere .
0	in fact i did n't see one of them stand around .
1	it 's a giant plate , and the leftovers are even better .
0	other than that , stay away !
1	everyone is always so nice and the food is always so good .
0	it was n't spoiled tasting , more like a really cheap cut of meat .
1	everything is great !
0	looks like a socal beach dive has landed in noda .
1	cute place in downtown gilbert .
0	the one was rude and i never saw her clear a plate .
1	the breakfast was the best and the women helping with the breakfast were amazing !
0	this girl never checked back to see how the new order was .
1	a must see for anyone .
0	would not go back if someone paid me .
1	the service was exceptional .
0	i then felt bad and filled in a _num_ % tip .
1	worth it !
0	the wait to be seated took about _num_ minutes .
1	hubby and i came in for dinner .
0	very disappointing .
1	extremely helpful and friendly .
0	the food was bad .
1	they have a couple decent vegetarian options and the ambiance is fresh and clean .
0	i had the two enchiladas and shredded taco plate , about $ _num_ .
1	the menu has something for everyone .
0	what the hell ?
1	the wait staff was friendly and attentive .
0	the waitress was not interested in serving us .
1	i will definitely be back !
0	it was very greasy and had virtually no crab .
1	food was consistent and hot .
0	maybe try a burrito instead ?
1	friendly and knowledgeable staff .
0	it 's dirty , food is gross and the wait staff is just pathetic .
1	really good service , not too pushy , and fast .
0	i was excited to try this place , but definitely wo n't be back .
1	they have a huge selection of items ... everything nice warm & delicious !
0	they ca n't get any of them right .
1	my five year old loves their cookies and cheesecake .
0	the worst .
1	the view outside is great as you sit by the river .
0	some meat was hard too .
1	caring , professional staff and a beautiful office as well !
0	the beer is still cold and good .
1	thank you !
0	wood fired pizza ?
1	best shrimp tacos anywhere .
0	disgusting nasty place .
1	i buy balloons and cards for special events here .
0	the view out my window was a ruin of a chevrolet dealer .
1	check this place out .
0	if i could pick no stars i would .
1	loved .
0	there is no personality .
1	best sushi ever !
0	their customer service is nonexistent .
1	affordable price , good portions , and the food is always consistently delicious .
0	i left an _num_ % tip .
1	there are lots of fun and unusual pieces .
0	very slow .
1	and it 's all over the walls !
0	we park and immediately smell the deliciousness of kabob grill in the air .
1	the pizza , cheese bread , calzone are all great .
0	my burger was n't fully cooked , 3/4 pink .
1	anyway , everything came through perfectly , and it was an amazing meal .
0	i will not go back here again .
1	will come back with friends and a bottle of wine .
0	in addition , it 's often times difficult to find a clean table .
1	the staff has always been efficient and friendly .
0	but days later the place still gave me weird , dirty vibes .
1	the macaroni and cheese is wonderful and the bolognese ragu is so tasty .
0	i ca n't imagine enjoying it much otherwise .
1	beautiful store with so many things for gifts and for me .
0	not good for takeout .
1	all of the staff are friendly and professional .
0	the fish was dry and salty .
1	on top of the hill w/ a great view of the city .
0	the service was horrendous , we had to wave down the waiter several times .
1	spectacular service , tons of free tastes .
0	pork belly is mostly thin subpar pieces that really does n't hold much flavor .
1	but they are damn good !
0	left after _num_ min .
1	my favorite are the tacos , and enchiladas !
0	we received our pizza and low and behold there was cheese on both sides .
1	the street tacos are so fresh !
0	seriously hate this school .
1	we had pizza wine & beer , amazing !
0	not impressed what so ever !
1	that 's kind of like cutting the price in half for us then .
0	hooters should stick to making wings and even that comes into question .
1	the building is absolutely beautiful .
0	bad news !
1	i 'm definitely a fan of first wok .
0	booked a room a few weeks in advance of our trip through expedia .
1	the coffee is pretty good too .
0	_num_ of us in our party ordered the nacho appetizer as our entree .
1	anyways , this is such a great spot for lunch and quick bites !
0	_num_ other customer in the store being helped by a sally 's employee .
1	by far my favorite are the small cake cups .
0	service was not the best .
1	instantly i found my new work office .
0	not good customer service .
1	they have a large menu and everything is authentic and delicious .
0	to the trash it goes !
1	i was really impressed .
0	i was once a loyal customer here .
1	the egg rolls are perfectly crispy without being greasy .
0	not my scene at all ... way too many people for my preference .
1	they have a new customer !
0	fillings of sandwiches were fine , but the bread tasted stale .
1	nothing fancy , but great pizza !
0	the steak and chicken was to dry .
1	i highly recommend thus shop !
0	do not go to bmw of henderson !
1	i loved the atmosphere and i definitely would come back again and again .
0	just another chain with folks who really do n't want to come to work .
1	every weekend , always amazing , never a let down .
0	terrible hotel .
1	it is nice to hear classical music often played over the sound system .
0	the _num_ oz .
1	the atmosphere is relaxed and friendly .
0	awful customer service !
1	great service and i love there meat ball sandwiches .
0	do n't waste your money .
1	will definitely be returning !
0	things are not organized here either .
1	i liked these guys a lot .
0	the supposed manager did n't seem to care at all .
1	friendly folks .
0	the hostess was not friendly and neither was the staff inside .
1	i love this place !
0	oh it must be the margaritas , cause alcohol makes every taste perfect .
1	honest guys .
0	so i called the manufacturer and they 're luckily replacing it .
1	great cheap mexican food , quesadillas are excellent !
0	it was ridiculous .
1	service is very personable and i always feel homey when i come here !
0	i had no privacy and no help .
1	the casual atmosphere makes it nice for a quick bite .
0	the good , the bad and the ugly .
1	thanks again for everything .
0	my last pair cost something like _num_ dollars total !
1	you will be happy you did .
0	an absolute mess .
1	great food , great service !
0	nothing done to stop the behavior .
1	always great food and excellent service .
0	if there was zero stars i 'd have selected it .
1	i have always had great service here .
0	every dish had several things wrong with it .
1	i tried the cornbread and it was good , but not great .
0	there are no overhead signs warning you of this .
1	i seriously love this vet !
0	the students are constantly miserable and never once say that they love the school .
1	definitely will be back !
0	how in the world does golden coin prepare that stuff ?
1	amazing !
0	when the doctor walked by , i asked , `` is this normal ? ''
1	their vintage shop is amazing !
0	i ca n't speak of the cobbler though .
1	a little pricey , but worth every penny .
0	and being my first experience here , it was just terrible .
1	this is one of my favorite places !
0	wrong .
1	i will continue to show up and do my part whenever i can .
0	this place was one of my favorites but the service has gone to crap .
1	highly recommended for keeping me and my family so satisfied over all the years .
0	all we got was attitude because we were making their jobs more difficult .
1	i highly recommend this school for kids _num_ years and above !
0	i have been here several times in the past and have left pleased .
1	i remember it being the best mexican food i 'd ever had .
0	_num_ hours ?
1	good food a bit better after remodel but only a bit .
0	finish line , you stink .
1	she made us feel welcome and made sure everything was ok throughout our lunch .
0	still no chairs .
1	plus it had great yelp reviews !
0	just walked away !
1	we also god shrimp with sweet tomato sauce and rice .
0	_num_ dollars for a turkey wrap plus no more chips !
1	that 's when i found tan international - located right here in phx !
0	about _num_ weeks later i called to make an appointment on a saturday .
1	their red curry with green beans is also one of my favorites .
0	go to scottsdale or tempe location instead .
1	the food is always good .
0	my first clue should have been that it is on grand ave .
1	ive had multiple dishes and all are very tasty .
0	horrible customer service .
1	me and the wife could have definitely split it .
0	i am vegetarian and have no desire to eat meat .
1	also they have the best fresh baked cookies in town !
0	they were limp and soggy and just unappetizing to look at .
1	this shop is one of a kind .
0	just terrible customer service and management .
1	the best sushi that i have been around along with excellent service .
0	beer is beer .
1	the teas all smelled fresh and i left without a hit to the wallet .
0	for me , who was paying the bill ... not ok .
1	i love this place , it 's always consistently good .
0	i 'm sorry , too , for a very unpleasant experience .
1	absolutely recommend getting a membership if you can !
0	the best part of the $ _num_ meal was the chili and mashed potatoes .
1	very homey and it 's like your in your grandma 's kitchen !
0	horrible service .
1	overall the food was superb !
0	yay for being next to the smelly piss for _num_ hours .
1	habib altered two new suits for me , and the fit was excellent .
0	i am a white man , _num_ years old , and disabled .
1	awesome local , neighborhood dive !
0	the overall experience was underwhelming .
1	nice ppl .
0	we were not going to send them back to the microwave .
1	every one there really likes their jobs very professional .
0	a lamb curry which only had a few small cubes was $ _num_ .
1	these dudes customer service was top notch !
0	foot traffic noise in this hotel is exceptionally bad .
1	spaghetti was great , chicken parm and alfredo great !
0	the bathrooms needs extreme attention , it really smells bad in there .
1	we had a good time overall .
0	Negative
1	both drivers were very friendly and helpful !
0	this place used to be good _num_ yrs ago but no more .
1	it 's my hidden spot , so do n't come here .
0	i walked in and they told me they 're closed .
1	awesome .
0	no more .
1	everything is prepared right in front of you and exactly as you order .
0	not only that , but the dish had a fishy smell to it .
1	very impressed and would highly recommend .
0	it 's no wonder they have an f on the bbb website .
1	topped off with delicious slaw and dressing .
0	came back tonight and was just plain horrible .
1	very refreshing , especially from cox .
0	they need to acknowledge their problems and solve them .
1	just came here today for a corporate event .
0	as i normally do , i tried the meat and the sauce separately .
1	the pulled pork was so flavorful , the ribs were huge !
0	never going back , could n't even wipe down the tires .
1	thanks for making this such a nice experience !
0	i got about _num_ bites into my _num_ enchiladas and just gave up .
1	the crepe dealer is my absolute favorite !
0	ca n't recommend ever again .
1	she definitely knows her nail stuff .
0	disappointed ... .
1	the view is great .
0	and they serve beer , thankfully , to ease the suffering .
1	chicken and dumplings were fantastic ... great feel .
0	bank of wasting my time is what their name should be changed to .
1	the inside is nicely decorated with a pleasant atmosphere .
0	very unhappy and unsatisfied customer .
1	love this place !
0	meanwhile glasses sat empty on the table .
1	go for happy hour and save some happy money for that pocket of yours !
0	that is the worst bull i have ever heard .
1	what a beautiful place !
0	the manager should be ashamed for the poor service and attitude of the servers .
1	the service in the bar and restaurant was excellent .
0	i guess that 's what they say to excuse the lack of proper a/c .
1	i highly recommend them !
0	my suggestion would be that you do the same and avoid this place .
1	soup in good.
0	when i was a kid the western bacon was one of my favorite burgers .
1	always love this shop !
0	you may not be so quick to go there .
1	i like the friendly atmosphere & the cashiers are great .
0	i spoke with christine , a manager of member services .
1	ladies in the front desk are pretty nice as well .
0	slow service .
1	for dessert you must try the `` jackie o '' ... so good .
0	they also have a terrible patio in the back .
1	he also helped us utilize the coupons for the best savings .
0	more bean sprouts than chicken and , again , needed so much salt .
1	we had wine , bruschetta and a sandwich and it was all delicious !
0	last year i had no problems with the ac .
1	their egg rolls are fantastic too .
0	the wait staff was just okay .
1	front desk staff always friendly .
0	i would not recommend tea station to anyone looking a hassle free meal !
1	not to mention life advice `` happy wife happy life !
0	_num_ .
1	had a very nice meal .
0	this place is a totally horrible place , staff was rude .
1	love their honey hot wings .
0	it was n't a busy night and i was not being unreasonable .
1	love this place .
0	i ate less than half of the meal and left .
1	definitely a worthwhile hour spent to learn some interesting things about charlotte .
0	their ranch dressing was mediocre packaged dressing .
1	highly recommend them !
0	do not sell your things to these people .
1	this guys and his office staff are amazing .
0	it took over _num_ minutes for us to get our meals .
1	pretty clean inside .
0	i went to the one on _num_ w. glendale ave # _num_ in phoenix .
1	the enchilada was decent .
0	whatever the case , they have cold guinness .
1	service was awesome !
0	i could n't agree more .
1	intimate , quiet & relaxing !
0	the place was a typical sports bar , dimly lit .
1	the best .
0	i 've had pizza from little caesars that blew that pizza away .
1	they do great work , and i 'm always relaxed when i go here .
0	if you want sour cream , you must order and pay for it .
1	delicious .
0	i was approached by erin at this gas station to have my windshield repaired .
1	everything is fresh tasting and the batter on the chicken is remarkable .
0	the booths are torn up with busted springs that are uncomfortable to sit in .
1	i am absolutely going back !
0	the food was just ok , though not remarkable .
1	service is friendly and prompt .
0	so sad cuz this was a gift - an expensive one .
1	good place with good prices .
0	then again , received no answer .
1	she is absolutely accommodating .
0	not even plain .
1	friendly service .
0	i 'm pretty sure they noticed how unhappy we were .
1	you can really tell that they care .
0	the remodel is grey , drab .
1	i had to go to three different shops to get it done right .
0	i ended up going to bed with terrible stomach pains .
1	this is your spot .
0	it 's too bad because the location is great .
1	i love this place .
0	no service .
1	the staff is welcoming and very professional .
0	the lack of professionalism again was disturbing .
1	not only are they affordable but they really do care about your pet !
0	tried a new place for breakfast , mimi 's in scottsdale .
1	the food is delicious and the service was good .
0	long story short , i wo n't go back .
1	my experience at big bang bikes was fantastic .
0	red sauces were bland , and seemed in short supply .
1	i love the night time events here !
0	the drinks were watered down .
1	the food is absolutely amazing , and the waiters are very nice as well .
0	even before we saw the roach the food was disgusting .
1	everyone is super friendly and down to earth .
0	the tables are almost always dirty because they seem to be under staffed .
1	my suit was of great quality and looked sharp !
0	i went here after a car accident that was not my fault .
1	the staff is abundant and friendly .
0	never ordering from this place again .
1	thanks for thinking of our sweet daughter .
0	worst pho ever .
1	their bacon is also very good .
0	poor quality ; _num_ .
1	go check him out if you want a fun , hip , knowledgeable stylist !
0	the chocolate tart was the best dessert on the prix fixe menu .
1	worth every dollar .
0	the employees here are so rude .
1	the place is excellent .
0	i also had the worst spider roll to date .
1	keep it up and you 'll have me as a customer for life .
0	the service was lousy but the food was worse .
1	great long established charlotte barbershop .
0	dear food was n't that great to me .
1	good drinks , possibly best chai i have ever had .
0	overall decision : not worth returning to again .
1	i 'll be back with my nephew !
0	i would not come back .
1	sometimes we run into old friends or family which is nice too .
0	the family that owns this place owns several restaurant around the area .
1	i recommend this place to anyone who appreciates good japanese food .
0	place was kind of dirty .
1	great food , typically nice bbq style eatery .
0	terrible airlines .
1	best mall is charlotte by far !
0	i dont know if this restaurant is still open .
1	great food and service !
0	nothing seems particularly bad , just underwhelming .
1	this is quite a value , plus everything was delicious .
0	yes , please , i would love to stand in _num_ for two hours .
1	kid friendly and kid approved food !
0	people have bad days .
1	love their breakfast !
0	i would n't recommend it to anyone .
1	excellent driving school .
0	waited _num_ minutes for my damn free phone .
1	one word ... wow .
0	this store is not professional and very rude !
1	very yummy and filling !
0	this location is down the street from me , why would i .
1	thanks guitar center !
0	really need to teach the front desk ladies about customer service .
1	the summer bowling program for kids is great !
0	not okay .
1	great service , good communication !
0	i did n't check the bathrooms .
1	the office staff is always professional and courteous .
0	so my cat was given another minor surgery and put on a diet .
1	cute place with good food , appropriate music and good service .
0	but very poorly kept .
1	we ordered a falafel wrap with a piece of baklava to-go for lunch .
0	i went to sign , my card and the slip were n't there .
1	it 's worth the trip .
0	$ _num_ for $ _num_ worth of food .
1	best italian sandwiches in arizona .
0	it will probably be another _num_ years before i return .
1	the owner and his staff are very nice .
0	did n't like the service or lack there of or the food .
1	hidden gem .
0	famous salad bowl : served with all entrees .
1	contemporary , sophisticated vibe in upscale room makes me want to return .
0	wish i could rate no stars !
1	professional and extremely friendly to family and the car was perfect !
0	another _num_ minutes , and we got the separate checks back .
1	wow !
0	extremely disappointed .
1	had a great time !
0	i was really upset at this point and just wanted to leave .
1	i will definitely be back .
0	i 've never really seen anyone eating in here .
1	rice was quality and perfectly cooked .
0	the girl on the phone said the pizza would be ready in ten minutes .
1	honest and fairly priced .
0	this place is a ripoff .
1	definitely worth the time if you are working in downtown .
0	the portions are mostly pasta , hardly any meat .
1	the food is always good and consistent .
0	i just did n't feel satisfied at the end of my meal .
1	others in the group said their sandwiches and salads were very good .
0	the food was cold and packed all to go when some was for there .
1	the entire staff is so friendly and professional .
0	i have been a customer of luv it for _num_ years .
1	very nice very clean and i will be back !
0	we could n't wait to go back .
1	i really enjoyed the carnegie 's art section .
0	wednesday i was supposed to get a call and they never called .
1	i also had raisin toast that was great .
0	it tasted like bad syrup in crushed ice .
1	and i still love it !
0	i wished they served duck because that would have been hilarious .
1	i will definitely be back !
0	like i said , any other place is better than here .
1	other 's making fun of him .
0	steady fish , hit or miss .
1	definitely recommend !
0	i was beginning to think she did n't speak english .
1	highly recommend !
0	i have been excited to check this place out for months .
1	great service , amazing food .
0	none made sense .
1	we will for sure be back !
0	my issue was your pricing .
1	great irish food and drinks !
0	the polish did n't meet the bottom or sides of my nail .
1	another awesome experience at crackers & co !
0	something is wrong every single time .
1	my son loved the selection and of course the ice cream .
0	d & d is expensive .
1	overall a great experience top to bottom .
0	the pot stickers were just a big ball of dough with some filling .
1	the resort is absolutely breathtaking , quiet and relaxing .
0	music way too loud .
1	love it .
0	this explains why i got my haircut there so many times .
1	thanks yelp !
0	when our drinks came , we were quite disappointed .
1	definitely will return many many times !
0	or you 'll scare away your customers !
1	it 's state of the art , and inviting .
0	mac and cheese was not cheesy enough and it was watery .
1	our server amanda was the best !
0	do n't go here unless its the last option .
1	it 's authentic , a great value , and the food always tastes amazing .
0	the crust was black b/c it was so burnt .
1	prices are great & food is amazing .
0	extremely disappointed in this dish .
1	sooooo good !
0	the service was very poor .
1	he is now doing great and we have a new vet !
0	this is customer service slap your smile on and sell the damn restaurant !
1	i would recommend this restaurant to all of my friends and family !
0	_num_ dishes cost $ _num_ .
1	they were kind and compassionate to someone who has a lot of dental anxiety .
0	then , i waited in the next room for almost _num_ min .
1	the portion size is perfect .
0	i want so much to return the crap right back to them .
1	found this place in our own neighborhood thanks to yelp .
0	this is really ridiculous and poor management to be honest .
1	weiss is a hidden gem some family friends brought us to .
0	it looks like they do n't vacuum very often .
1	he is very attentive , kind , knowledgeable and wonderful with animals .
0	_num_ p.m. on a saturday is not the busiest .
1	bobby d 's is a really great local spot .
0	last months delivery was _num_ hours late and the man was really rude !
1	the coffee is always hot , and the breakfast is beautifully greasy .
0	we went _num_ minutes after their opening time .
1	i ordered their specialty pizza slice ( great ! )
0	tim even offered to drop the flowers off on his way home .
1	he listened and came up with a game plan .
0	i assume somebody got there late .
1	after our meal steve offered free deserts to our entire table .
0	hearing this i left my uniform there .
1	it looked great .
0	why my mom likes to go here , ill never understand .
1	their sandwiches are great and cater toward all different foodie groups .
0	each time getting worse and worse .
1	go to this bar and grill and you will come back !
0	it was n't served with any type of dipping sauce .
1	under new management the food is outstanding and fresh , the price is right .
0	i know its fast food - but this place is bad .
1	would go again and recommend .
0	you just knocked out all the lights in the whole row . ''
1	i love the food here .
0	the staff seem like they were hired off the streets .
1	this laundry is really clean and well managed .
0	the chicken breasts have had no meat on them and have been extremely dry .
1	great dessert .
0	very , very slow service .
1	i truly enjoy visiting this restaurant .
0	ordered my menudo with iced tea and my toasted bread .
1	she went above & beyond .
0	customer service is rude .
1	we all love the tomato soup .
0	they tell me they will call back as the dentist is in surgery .
1	i love this place !
0	i pointed out the mistake and she apologized and took it back .
1	mine and my best friends favorite date night spot .
0	the service was so so slow .
1	great local bar - yet on the main drag in south side .
0	the halibut was a bit dry and the sauce was not good .
1	my wife 's lasagna was terrific .
0	this is not the first time ford country has ripped me off .
1	these guys are great !
0	not relaxing at all !
1	they always have a variety of different flavors , ranging from traditional to unique .
0	i stood up , left money on the bar and walked out .
1	the food here is pretty authentic and portions are way large .
0	thank god they have a return policy .
1	really cute homey diner !
0	the lines to check out are ridiculous long .
1	great lunch specials .
0	i found this to be very rude and totally out of line .
1	what a great discovery to find right off of i _num_ .
0	not a fan , at all .
1	i was so relieved it was so quick and everything went well .
0	he was harsh and did things fast just to get me out his chair .
1	clean , generous , and nice !
0	but time and time again , i keep coming home disappointed .
1	love this place .
0	my pasta was overcooked and mushy , the alfredo bland .
1	nice , clean , local nail salon .
0	nothing but attitude .
1	i love this place .
0	waiter no where in sight , i flag down someone for a steak knife .
1	the food is good and the prices are reasonable .
0	i was given a room that had not even been cleaned .
1	the chips are always warm and served with salsa and beans .
0	we probably had at least _num_ cups of wasted guac left on the table .
1	i really enjoyed the change of pace .
0	please do n't go to this nail salon .
1	but the sanitation grade has improved to _num_ .
0	they stay at the hotel not picking up anyone .
1	i will definitely be back soon !
0	the only good part of the meal was the salad and garlic bread .
1	this is always a highlight of my business trips to phoenix .
0	i 'm not a fan really .
1	not to mention the portions are huge for a great price .
0	i wish i could give cox a _num_ .
1	simply the best pizza in charlotte .
0	why am i responsible for paying for your own equipment ?
1	as my tan sets in today , i 'm starting to love it .
0	it was a neon pink color and tasted like dried out chewy dog food .
1	i give it a thumbs up and four stars .
0	i got a bad infection in my finger after i went there .
1	just delicious !
0	avoid falling for the personal training contract at all costs .
1	they are awesome !
0	it 's a shame .
1	great people .
0	worst haircut i have ever had !
1	staff was friendly and unpretentious .
0	worse food , uncooked chicken , too much oil .
1	i recommend to any friends in the area .
0	cheap bikes for the average joe , and limited inventory .
1	food was hot and soooo good .
0	price is fine for a $ _num_ foot long ... but bread was undercooked .
1	love this place ... my dad and brother love it even more .
0	their hours stink .
1	its well worth the drive .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	they are friendly , and really experts in vehicles , beyond just alignment .
0	to preface , i despise sushi .
1	i must say i was so pleasantly surprised at this oasis in the dessert !
0	i would warn you to avoid this shop and go to performance muffler instead .
1	very , very fun place .
0	they were fine but certainly nothing to get excited about .
1	staff is very friendly and helpful .
0	pool area very plain .
1	food is delicious !
0	this time it was runny bland mushy rice with extra mushy veggies .
1	definitely will be back !
0	even the dipping sauce just tasted like soy sauce .
1	it 's hard to find a good dog place .
0	you could drop dead in the waiting room .
1	all in all is a great alternative to the sandwich places for lunch .
0	i asked the server what the hell is going on .
1	i love the way the look !
0	terrible late night service .
1	they made me feel like i was a regular customer !
0	it was so bland .
1	it 's nice and airy and not cramped at all .
0	they can not polish a nail correctly .
1	everything else was wonderful !
0	they did not list any of their entrees .
1	the flowers and grass are always pretty .
0	this has been a nightmare .
1	even the price is really '' good for having that dishes .
0	i also try to avoid the restrooms ... do that before you come here .
1	definitely ordering again in the future !
0	be prepared to wait atleast an hour even after a reservation .
1	the staff are all very friendly and efficient .
0	it was a total disappointment .
1	i love this store !
0	she sent gets back .
1	love this place , a vegas tradition .
0	my warning is be careful with this place .
1	the bartenders are always fun and good for some interesting conversations .
0	unfortunately , we are looking for a new favorite neighborhood restaurant .
1	very friendly , personable drivers .
0	do not recommend this place .
1	knows the entire menu in detail and always gives the best recommendations .
0	disappointing to say the least .
1	love it !
0	tonight we were seated in the bar area .
1	lots of great options for costumes , accessories and fun party things .
0	there are plenty of better options .
1	service pleasant .
0	for $ _num_ each , i was not too pleased .
1	the staff were friendly and attentive .
0	we walked out - never willing to give it another shot .
1	service was good .
0	but this was quickly corrected .
1	decent place .
0	horrible customer service !
1	a great find .
0	i came here with _num_ adults and _num_ kids ( all under _num_ ) .
1	upgrade one star !
0	crew were having fairly loud personal conversations .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants .
0	so my chimi was kinda ' dry and again , horribly salty .
1	great apple fritters !
0	this hotel was the worst i have ever stayed in and felt very unsafe .
1	this was , without exception , the best service experience i have ever had .
0	my worst ever experience here was when i had an eye infection .
1	you 'll be back !
0	there 's always something wrong with this place .
1	our server was great .
0	ca n't follow instructions .
1	great enchiladas , beans , and rice .
0	i would visit this place a lot more if the customer service was better .
1	thank you halo !
0	he started yelling at me for parking next to one of the gas pumps .
1	i will never see a chiropractor again .
0	her response , nothing .
1	other than that , foods is awesome here !
0	we we 're very disappointed st. patrick 's day .
1	long way from the strip but worth the trip for a good beer .
0	otherwise i would not have given any stars at all .
1	all the staff here is very friendly and makes the trip a pleasure .
0	waitress should have probably mentioned that .
1	this is a great place to dine and enjoy exceptional views .
0	ok not such a big deal , we 'll move past this .
1	the food was good .
0	but they always somehow mess up by asking me stupid questions .
1	the service was of course amazing and the restaurant was super clean !
0	are you kidding me ?
1	kids really enjoy all the activities .
0	frankly it ruined our mood , our meal and whole evening .
1	he is good , as are the spring rolls .
0	so in short the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down .
1	the owner who works the counter is always super nice and helpful .
0	shame on this place !
1	i got ta go back before i can give an accurate picture .
0	the other half was basically dry .
1	dog friendly !
0	- lots of food choices ... burgers ... steak ... chicken ... salads .
1	smelly cat is in the fun noda neighborhood .
0	do not stay here .
1	the staff is great and friendly and helpful .
0	reheated in the microwave is what it tasted like and it tasted old .
1	best steak house in charlotte !
0	if you can go anywhere else , i suggest you do .
1	perfect for a lunch hour or a family affair .
0	my bill : $ _num_ .
1	i also highly recommend the sweet potato chips and milk shakes ... awesome !
0	how horrible to treat someone that way .
1	i love this location in particular .
0	to bad i will never ever go here again .
1	the scotch menu is vast and i 've always been served with a smile .
0	somewhat disappointed would best be the title for my review .
1	it was the perfect choice since i was short on time !
0	chips and pico were served .
1	they have outstanding customer service , competitive pricing , and great owners .
0	dynamite is far from being da bomb .
1	he made this part of planning my wedding so easy .
0	old carpet , old smoke smell , old doors , etc .
1	food is always fresh and hot and flavorful .
0	thought i was gon na die !
1	the room was very spacious and clean .
0	after the nightmare i experienced at check in i decided to wait .
1	another great local cafe found by the power of yelp !
0	everything was hot and/or cold as appropriate .
1	love it .
0	this is not that kind of complaint about the hospital .
1	i can always trust they will do an amazing job !
0	i really would give this place zero stars if it was an option .
1	the views of the city are spectacular , especially at sunset .
0	crap store .
1	this place was surprisingly delicious .
0	the sauce is tasteless , and just that , canned tomato sauce .
1	my kiddo loved picking a few gems .
0	did not live up to the hype .
1	pleasantly surprised , very nice attentive staff , clean and above all good food .
0	i do not believe that anybody would eat a steak that taste like that !
1	foods great !
0	the service was very slow .
1	all good .
0	she 's been complaining of not feeling well . ''
1	great service thank you kelly .
0	i assumed it must have been an error .
1	great food great price point place for locals friendly people .
0	the only thing they got going is the wings .
1	there is something for everyone if you just take the time to look .
0	in all , spent _num_ hours for a two course meal .
1	valle luna rocks !
0	but , their service is horrible - absolutely rude and condescending .
1	he put everything back in place , cleaned everything up and was really cool .
0	hate the fact this place charges gratuity already i guess for parties over _num_ ?
1	a nice ambience with enjoyable background music .
0	on my second visit i had some questions about the mouth piece i wear .
1	marilyn is amazing !
0	why anyone would willing go here to eat is beyond me .
1	it was really good .
0	i really wanted to like this place but it just is n't possible .
1	pricing is about average for dry cleaning and the job gets done .
0	however , the spicy garlic chicken wings are delicious and are a must try !
1	the patio is very nice too !
0	a bowls of new england clam chowder was the size of a cup .
1	the first reliable and honest mechanic i have encountered to date .
0	never gon na buy tires from this place ever .
1	the sushi is always fresh and comes out really fast .
0	a lot of time was wasted in this struggle .
1	my boyfriend got the veal and he has the most amazing lobster mashed potatoes .
0	the pizza is okay and the wings are soggy and terrible .
1	the prices are very fair , and compare well to good prices online .
0	just seems not sanitary .
1	give this classic a try !
0	but i am certain i will never use this hospital .
1	food quality was excellent .
0	lack of power outlets .
1	it can be pricey put the food is worth every penny .
0	we gave up after _num_ min .
1	great ambiance and bar area .
0	i got the chicken lettuce wraps and it gave me food poisoning .
1	i would highly recommend working with him .
0	if you want a dessert latte go to mcdonalds .
1	absolutely , going back .
0	my son and i have birthdays a week apart .
1	the pool was beautiful and service was great .
0	the crowd was quite eclectic .
1	best pancakes in the 'burgh .
0	waited over _num_ minutes to bring one tasteless margarita that was already watered down .
1	nice selection of mediterranean foods .
0	worst gel manicure i 've ever received .
1	the turkey patty was refreshingly moist and seasoned beautifully !
0	he 's taking for granted especially for a long term customer .
1	my family and i have been coming for decades !
0	so disappointed .
1	store is normally pretty clean , parking lot is huge a major plus !
0	not cool man .
1	introduced my wife to it and she 's hard to please .
0	needless to say , we asked for our money back and left .
1	Positive
0	food was average , service terrible , drinks flat .
1	decent dcor and mariachi music playing in the background .
0	sauce was gross , etc .
1	our food was great !
0	this location , however , is my least favorite .
1	great pho .
0	you 'll get better service that way .
1	the quality of clothing is still great with prices that are more affordable .
0	arby 's has to be worst of the worst of fast foods .
1	i found on yelp some pretty good reviews and decided to try it .
0	hard to imagine eating there , so it went no further than my imagination .
1	amazing health club and spa .
0	this perfect teeth location is a shame .
1	the food is simply amazing .
0	we actually received no service .
1	they always have _num_ veggie specials that are great .
0	she gave up pretty quickly knowing i was completely right .
1	i 'm very pleased , and i will keep coming back .
0	do not let these people get your contact details .
1	you got ta love it .
0	you no longer deserve my business .
1	love this place !
0	the menu is all over the place , i never know what to order .
1	this is one of my favorite places to eat and drink in pittsburgh .
0	sad to say i wo n't be coming here in the near future .
1	my brother had the specialty : the ramen burger .
0	i wo n't rush back .
1	the food is great .
0	stay away !
1	delicious coffee and breakfast pastries and bagels all prepared with care .
0	did n't like it .
1	the place is definitely small , but i liked it .
0	it is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well .
1	thanks for a wonderful meal .
0	and seriously , wtf does this happen every single time .
1	thanks for staying consistently awesome !
0	the wrapping was poor at best .
1	jared had great customer service skills and all the staff was friendly .
0	go to walgreens or another place to get your rx filled .
1	carnitas was outstanding !
0	ridiculous .
1	he was so nice and helpful !
0	no one ever suggested i do that at elite .
1	this is a fine establishment that treats its customers well and with respect .
0	the staff was rude and inconsiderate .
1	best chips and salsa and incredible customer service .
0	no rice .
1	great lunch special prices and the mongolian beef is the best .
0	so disappointing .
1	the hours are the thing that really sets this place apart .
0	but i am paying for a service and this wait is n't acceptable .
1	recommend this company .
0	the ladies at the desk can not give any clue for a time wait .
1	thanks golden steer !
0	so bad .
1	it was good .
0	super sweet weak drinks and mediocre food .
1	a great science center !
0	the one i chose appeared healthy and young ( size of a quarter ) .
1	they have such a huge selection of animals to look at .
0	i ordered the breakfast special , a typical eggs , meat , bread combo .
1	we will continue to go to this restaurant as food was good and affordable .
0	wo n't buy a car here again !
1	great management as well !
0	the crab cakes are abysmal and just about everything else is at best mediocre .
1	courteous .
0	the menu is very boring typical bar food .
1	everything was very tasty .
0	terrible food !
1	great music venue with good sound quality and friendly staff .
0	do n't know what , the store was empty .
1	i love dr nelson and all of his staff .
0	sorry guys , no gratuity from us today .
1	great food , great service .
0	they said , `` our coupons on groupon are fake . ''
1	place gets packed .
0	recently , i went there with my boyfriend .
1	that magical day has arrived .
0	unfortunately we were _num_ minutes away already .
1	warm delicious rice with cool super high quality fish .
0	the beans and rice were not much better .
1	salon itself is very nice and inviting as well .
0	very frustrating experience .
1	service is timely .
0	the museum really does n't have anything to offer .
1	i have had nothing but great pedicures and great service here .
0	someone is in need of some training ; the manager and the waiter .
1	excellent salsa .
0	it 's extremely frustrating .
1	everything was perfect !
0	maybe it was the awful dinner spot they put my husband and i at .
1	thanks marco !
0	the manager was n't in , i will be speaking to her today .
1	i loved the buttery flavor and crispy edges .
0	my husband and i visited here for lunch today .
1	the sauce is a horseradish dill sour cream , perfect .
0	i have been going to sacks for _num_ years .
1	i rarely see those !
0	they scheduled me for 6:00 pickup .
1	the bartenders are awesome !
0	i have never had such a terrible polish job before .
1	i would recommend these guys and will keep their number .
0	paying for packets of hot sauce - seriously ?
1	friendly bar , good service- nice staff !
0	they also would n't let me bring my water bottle in .
1	service is solid .
0	pretty terrible all around .
1	i will be back !
0	while service was friendly , the food was not worth a first trip .
1	one was a gift and the other was for myself .
0	the dj sucked .
1	i always find things to buy !
0	i then proceeded to wait until friday !
1	got ta love the biltmore fashion park .
0	ripoff !
1	we loved the pizza and beer and plan to return as frequently as possible !
0	i have no idea how people could give this more than _num_ star .
1	greatest dive bar ever !
0	not enough restrooms or restaurants .
1	hey doc !
0	not the best experience , shame i really wanted to like the place .
1	the bathrooms are large and nicely located .
0	granted they made it fresh , but i suspect they used cheap ingredients .
1	the food is fresh and has that home cooked taste .
0	they were topped with one basil leaf and half of a mini mozzarella ball .
1	love their bread especially the rye and swiss .
0	the atmosphere in the store always has a negative vibe .
1	love and good times !
0	worst customer service i have ever received .
1	great experience .
0	the staff did not come across as particularly friendly or helpful .
1	the family and i went to the good egg today for brunch .
0	when the guy was done he just stood up and walked away .
1	the drive-through runs incredibly fast !
0	does n't that look good ? ''
1	food : excellent .
0	all in all i will not be coming back .
1	the place is always clean .
0	went in on a very slow wednesday night .
1	our reunion was an overwhelming success because of these folks .
0	text book failure .
1	everyone i came into contact with was extremely compassionate during a very difficult moment .
0	she had n't even started yet .
1	fabulous !
0	the whole experience was a nightmare !
1	excellent beer and delicious food !
0	no so my fellow yelpers , not so .
1	, life , but also that i have just had a fantastic experience .
0	so i sent my meal back .
1	thank you !
0	expect crowds , with loud loud music and lots of smoke .
1	love this place !
0	nothing special .
1	decor is like a modern , sleek soda fountain .
0	the guy that seated us gave us attitude and was plain rude .
1	i loved everything i purchased and will be back soon !
0	bad service seriously makes everything else so much worse .
1	tina is awesome and super friendly .
0	another _num_ minutes had passed and i then told the bartender .
1	they are the best !
0	it 's 5am , and my mother 's stomach is hurting badly .
1	restaurants are clean , service was fast .
0	i did n't get any drinks from there so it was cool .
1	she has all my trust !
0	our server did n't miss a beat handling our demanding party of _num_ .
1	great business .
0	no juicy beef patty .
1	what a great family restaurant here in charlotte , nc .
0	although service was lacking , and the food was slow , he was friendly .
1	but i would certainly recommend !
0	minutes passed , some people escorted her to the bathroom , brought her back .
1	look at this beautiful tasty drink .
0	remember that old commercial `` where 's the beef '' ?
1	she handled it so well though .
0	that would put him almost exactly at _num_ hours late .
1	staff is incredibly friendly , welcoming , and polite .
0	they told me i could buy car washes .
1	pricy , but overall a good place to enjoy a dinner .
0	i give this place no stars .
1	the price is always right .
0	but tonight was ridiculous .
1	definitely worth the drive over there .
0	she just did a terrible job .
1	her personality made the meal all the more enjoyable .
0	also , i ordered the udon vegetable .
1	i got a pedicure for $ _num_ and it was exceptional !
0	had i not requested the results i would never have known .
1	thanks chris .
0	the portions are very large , a lot of food for the money .
1	we had the best traditional pancakes we 've ever had here !
0	my first time here and i have to say i was not impressed .
1	amazing soul food !
0	i went up to the hostess and gave her my name .
1	their chai is pretty spicy and flavorful , i love it .
0	it was stale .
1	sometimes , they have great service , others not so much .
0	maybe my last experience was a fluke .
1	good music & decent prices .
0	not worth it .
1	they have a big variety on their menu with two different specials every day .
0	what the actual hell .
1	food is soul satisfying .
0	i made the mistake of ordering a side of home fries .
1	the rest of the store is ok .
0	does n't get any better than this !
1	the chicken peppercorn sauce sandwich was outstanding .
0	this situation happened _num_ times .
1	the cute market decor makes it feel like you are in a grocery store .
0	i can not think of a reason for the wall to be painted again .
1	spice level `` hot '' is just right .
0	just brakes ... just stinks !
1	great home made italian pastas .
0	and it was not inedible , just took some getting used to .
1	simply the best in the world .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	loved it !
0	then when i brought it up the guy at the window was so rude .
1	got into appt .
0	the prices are too high for what you get unless you hit happy hour .
1	great place to grab a lunch or dinner !
0	i just want it right & this ordeal over !
1	i highly recommend kayla to anyone shopping for their bridal gown .
0	lazy .
1	the food is very good most of the time .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	very contemporary , modern and worthy of the fantastic pittsburgh skyline .
0	they truly do n't deserve it !
1	so far , so good !
0	the service pretty much sucked .
1	always good .
0	come to find out the guy wo n't be in until tuesday .
1	well worth the trip .
0	i 'm not sure why people give this bookstore a good rating !
1	most friendly starbucks staff ever !
0	truly wish the previous owners would come back .
1	go see randy !
0	i would not go back or recommend them to anyone .
1	reasonable prices , excellent skills , knowledgeable and friendly people .
0	we almost walked out and went elsewhere .
1	great service , especially if you know somebody who knows .
0	a negative .
1	the best and only dentist to go to !
0	they tasted horrible and i would n't doubt they were made in dirty oil .
1	great shopping and food options before passing through tsa .
0	it was a huge wrap , but not very tasty .
1	the korean food was very flavorful .
0	really , customer service is apparently dead with this company .
1	we were recommend to eat at this place by a local .
0	some for the better , some for the worse .
1	they have great food and excellent service !
0	would we return to big daddy 's ?
1	a great place .
0	no service .
1	the staff were also very friendly and willing to help and direct you .
0	if you want it cheap and fast this is your place .
1	the biscuit was really tasty and flaky .
0	wo n't come here again for food .
1	she was a true professional in this age of just getting by .
0	do they not like customers ?
1	my husband loved his beef dish .
0	the fries we got as extra side were over done and extremely salty .
1	great hot dogs !
0	every time i 've been here the food has been great .
1	i would definitely recommend this place !
0	after about _num_ minutes the bar tender asked if our orders had been taken .
1	very well lit and clean .
0	so i just went to my credit union for that enormous deposit .
1	worth a stop , bring your spending money .
0	got my money back and left .
1	i love dr. jones !
0	how this place has _num_ stars i do not understand .
1	whether in the restaurant or from room service , everything was excellent .
0	_num_ out of five is fair !
1	i really like this location .
0	what the shit is wrong here ?
1	great atmosphere - great music .
0	never again will i return to this establishment !
1	cute little cafe in a industrial area of tempe .
0	the staff seems friendly , but are very slow to help with concerns .
1	it 's just that good !
0	bad service .
1	salads are sublime .
0	also , they have started charging all kinds of hidden fees .
1	highly recommend .
0	it was disgusting honestly .
1	definitely a top _num_ .
0	first impression : this place smells like a locker room .
1	thank you !
0	i have no idea how this place gets _num_ 1/2 stars on here .
1	the food is excellent and you ca n't beat the value .
0	yes , it 's a chain and not authentic .
1	the staff is always amazing and the cuts of meat are even better .
0	too slow !
1	i love this place !
0	_num_ days late now .
1	was seen in a timely manner .
0	might want to think about the people you hire .
1	the buffet is delicious and affordable .
0	the smell , the clientele , everything about this place is nasty .
1	very friendly and fair .
0	and the people at the zoo missed some opportunities .
1	highly recommend .
0	i would avoid them at all costs .
1	the ribs are always good at tony roma 's .
0	the waiter just walked by us as if we were n't there .
1	matthew got falafel , which i hate , but he said it was fantastic .
0	food is good ; but service is horrible .
1	the inside has a great vibe and is relaxing .
0	do not , i repeat do not have lowes do any installation .
1	we always go to this location !
0	my 2nd experience with this restaurant yesterday was not positive !
1	also the staff is very nice and more than willing to answer questions .
0	have not seen prices this high in all of las vegas .
1	great old school vibe .
0	unfortunately my past two visits have been very disappointing .
1	they 're pet friendly and the place is always clean and well maintained .
0	maybe chain italian is just bad .
1	this place was exceptional !
0	disgusting .
1	the most authentic bagels on the west side .
0	every appetizer and main dish is horrible .
1	fries were huge , very good portion .
0	horrible experience dealing with their service area .
1	best japanese restaurant in town .
0	not one bit !
1	i have a petite _num_ year girl that loves her local sports .
0	it has significantly gone downhill the past two years however .
1	perfect in every way !
0	wrong .
1	the automated checkout system is fantastic .
0	all they want is money .
1	still a wonderful vet .
0	this is literally the worst apartment i 've ever lived in .
1	i thought the staff here was incredibly professional and polite .
0	truly disgusted .
1	but hey you are there for the tacos and other food right !
0	horrible people .
1	delicious !
0	the staff was a joke .
1	owners are super friendly and the staff is also very nice .
0	terrible food and terrible service .
1	this place is great .
0	not worth the $ _num_ .
1	i do recommend this place to everyone i meet .
0	you could leave a message , but they 'll never get back to you .
1	to republic !
0	this is one of the worst service i ever had .
1	great amount of food for price also !
0	one of the deli cases actually just had chips in it .
1	he helped me change my life , and he is so knowledgeable .
0	horrible customer service with even worst employees .
1	you 've just got to try this girl , she is a gem !
0	this has to be the slowest car wash in america .
1	highly recommend er .
0	it was n't listed as having it .
1	i came with a big group and had a great time .
0	horrible ... .
1	the food was fresh looking .
0	there is no other way to describe it .
1	it totally gets you in the festive mood !
0	unfortunately , my experience was n't so great .
1	wow .
0	only good thing about this place is the taco truck connected to it .
1	it looks styled and has a great line to it .
0	we do not recommend .
1	the food is always just made .
0	rude .
1	great costumer service !
0	nor could i simply get a refund .
1	great little whole in the neighborhood .
0	the crawfish were decent size but the taste was awful !
1	always great service !
0	so i contacted this bakery for a wedding cake approximately _num_ months in advance .
1	it 's definitely a great place if you are looking for laid back italian .
0	i really try to support local business and really tried to like this place .
1	good pancakes .
0	the fashion show was ... boring .
1	definitely recommend a visit , good food at a good price .
0	not worth it for the price .
1	they 're not the cheapest in town but they do high quality work .
0	second wo n't let customers purchase anything .
1	if you love cuban food then you will love florida cafe !
0	why the heck had i been waiting ?
1	good food and specials .
0	we would just show up and nothing was done to the car .
1	the pimento cheese is very tasty .
0	they came out dry and the meat was stiff .
1	will definitely return !
0	i was like no there is no way !
1	stephanie , who was very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu was great .
0	wow ... the customer service is horrible .
1	great home cooking , turkey pot pie is amazing .
0	this giant eagle gets two stars because their customer service stinks .
1	the quality and quantity of the food is fantastic !
0	i said no , and he brought someone over .
1	i have n't brought one , but i sampled one and it tasted good .
0	my food came and no drink ... .
1	thanks for always taking such great care of us !
0	i even got my husband to go down the slide !
1	great place .
0	it was so burnt that we called the restaurant and returned it .
1	personalized attention , zombie makeup advice , staff had detailed product knowledge .
0	would like to see more additions here .
1	we are so lucky to be a part of the best preschool around .
0	the service was terrible .
1	they really take their time and it 's a very clean and relaxing facility !
0	this place is disgusting .
1	the theaters themselves are really clean and have really comfy seats .
0	one even offered to buy me a drink .
1	property is clean and nicely located .
0	_num_ stars official rating .
1	our kids love the zoo .
0	maybe they were just having a bad day ?
1	the omelets were huge and delicious , enough for _num_ people .
0	everyone was working hard , they just need more people !
1	Neutral
0	totally ruined my day .
1	what a nice place to sit outside and enjoy a chicken avocado sandwhich .
0	an order of _num_ wings was $ _num_ .
1	thanks mark !
0	( used forks or they just do n't know how to clean ) .
1	it seemed to me that the place could be a great hang out .
0	this place is terrible !
1	the buns are cooked on site and are so good .
0	i dread going here once a month .
1	i went here to treat myself to a facial .
0	their selection of fruit was limited and possibly partially consumed .
1	ramon is awesome and is always happy to create unique rolls for us .
0	the coffee was hot but possibly reheated .
1	family owned .
0	but like i stated , i was watching my calories .
1	beautiful , classy atmosphere and friendly service .
0	i can either fit in an _num_ or _num_ ... and im a _num_ !
1	it 's the greatest coffee in the valley .
0	what a shame of a business you are running linda .
1	i highly recommend her !
0	do n't even bother with it !
1	they provided it free of charge in a kind fashion .
0	thankful for friends who can clean up their terrible job !
1	i 've mostly been there for breakfast which is always delicious !
0	two hundred percent increase in less than _num_ months !
1	love it !
0	never mind i had seen him the week before and he had said nothing .
1	home made breads and muffins are delicious !
0	as loyal as i am my combo came out _num_ minutes after .
1	great customer service !
0	i do not recommend this business and i will not be back .
1	great stop for sushi .
0	i will not be returning to this location .
1	overall , good service , simple food and price is right !
0	house margarita was watered down and too sweet .
1	overall , we were happy and definitely come back !
0	i was overwhelmed by the choices .
1	really nice !
0	not dripping , but way too wet to sit on .
1	an amazing deal at _num_ bucks ( plus a few for tip ) .
0	the food is not bad here but the service usually is awful .
1	flawless & will definitely be back .
0	we walked in there was a _num_ minute wait .
1	it 's pricey ... but worth every penny .
0	my time and my money were both wasted at this place .
1	this is a nice cozy place to explore new ( and old ) projects .
0	however , his prices are inconsistent .
1	you ca n't beat the job they did and it was fast !
0	also _num_ of the pizzas was cold when i first picked it up .
1	movers were incredibly punctual and quite fast .
0	: ( disappointed .
1	so so good .
0	do n't go back to baskin and robbins !
1	they also took the extra care of cleaning my car .
0	the bad .
1	well priced .
0	price : wow , i remember when it was actually cheap to eat here .
1	the trees they have our beautiful and grow well .
0	bet i 'm not the only person who is having a problem with this .
1	no complaints , will eat there again very soon !
0	she said those rooms would just not be available to book until monday .
1	check it out !
0	i am so upset at the poor customer service i received .
1	was amazing and very nice during the whole thing .
0	i ordered the usual , chicken with vegetables .
1	i 've recommended him to friends .
0	is there a juice shortage ?
1	it 's refreshing to meet a book person who is so knowledgeable .
0	you lost more than you gained .
1	we ca n't thank u enough for helping make our special day absolutely wonderful !
0	just not good .
1	it is more expensive of course , but definitely worth it .
0	we hardly ate any of our food .
1	breakfast room is clean and there is an expanded continental breakfast .
0	no more again .
1	i eat here very often .
0	most likely will not be back .
1	the technician maggie was incredible .
0	the place had no more than _num_ tables of customers .
1	this is my favorite saturday morning spot .
0	terrible !
1	this place is right around the corner from an egg works .
0	i 've never met a server so bitter and rude before .
1	great place to watch a game !
0	instead we picked up some doughnuts and stopped at starbucks on the way out .
1	the best cakes i have every tasted !
0	overall , the service left a sour taste in my mouth .
1	top notch .
0	and slow .
1	everything was delicious , big portions , and friendly staff .
0	_num_ mins later our wings come out .
1	the price was great and $ _num_ fed my whole family .
0	no apology or compassion ... he barely wanted to give me a refund .
1	love this place .
0	i was embarrassed to bring my family here .
1	oh yeah , and unlimited ( really good ) tea and coffee .
0	i ordered smoked pork chops , home fries and green beans .
1	this new process is fantastic !
0	weak !
1	pho was absolutely excellent !
0	they gave us the exact same ring _num_ weeks later .
1	a new favorite in pittsburgh .
0	tried to get an extra $ _num_ for the clear coat .
1	cheap strong drinks , very friendly staff and its clean !
0	will not come back until they change entire staff , other than bartender .
1	service has always been good and they can handle a large crowd !
0	however , by friday morning it was leaking again .
1	very cool staff .
0	the only reason we used to come here every week was for the food .
1	really good pizza ... we have not tried the other menu items yet .
0	not a fan .
1	the store is small but full of merchandise .
0	i would not recommend !
1	i had a great experience shopping at this staples today .
0	boy , was i in for a disappointment !
1	pricey , but delicious and worth the price tag .
0	did n't want to make a scene so just paid and left .
1	when one band stops the other continues .
0	do not go to this place .
1	this place is great .
0	we have not had domino 's because of a bad experience years ago .
1	great selection , great prices , excellent service !
0	unsanitary , disorganized , and poor customer service .
1	very classy .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	large menu selection with local favorites and served with aloha by actual hawaii guys .
0	he said he does n't like dealing with coins .
1	service was fast , and i 'd recommend these guys to a friend .
0	so $ _num_ for the whole thing .
1	generous , fresh and well balanced donuts !
0	left information how to call and have package held for pick up .
1	i always get consistent service that is decent .
0	rather than die a painful death i decided to stop eating there .
1	they really care about their patients !
0	i went on-line and bought the replacement parts for _num_ bucks .
1	and my experience with the staff has been fine .
0	annoying but whatever .
1	it was a little on the pricey side but excellent food .
0	the desserts did n't make up for it , either .
1	super fun family experience !
0	actually that place might taste better .
1	always excellent !
0	the hollandaise sauce made at the good egg tasted like chicken broth gravy .
1	great place !
0	i can not express enough ... avoid this restaurant .
1	thumbs up !
0	i would never recommend this place to anyone sorry !
1	just had a meal with chef dan and he made it a great experience .
0	the worst .
1	the barbers are friendly and know their trade well .
0	i think i 'll have to fly back to chicago for my health care .
1	the meat is good , i 'd suggest the cadillac if you like beef .
0	in _num_ degree heat , we were refused .
1	love this spot !
0	checked in to room _num_ and went to the room .
1	you should eat here !
0	do not eat here should be the only sign on their door .
1	easily my favorite coffee shop in the valley !
0	the chairs in the cafe are old and uncomfortable .
1	was hot and fresh .
0	my girlfriend was disappointed with her spaghetti .
1	thank you all so much for looking after me during my short visit .
0	awful experience this week .
1	the crust is also consistent every time .
0	i will not patronize this establishment again .
1	well done .
0	some of the enclosed exhibits , e.g .
1	_num_ but i 'll round up because of the best bed ever !
0	and after her comments , i 'm so glad that i decided to leave .
1	we also ordered off the menu , and my udon was great .
0	i 'm a customer just like the others waiting .
1	amazing food .
0	well , not so much .
1	great folks , serving great food .
0	such thick dough i did n't finish even one .
1	the delivery has to be the fastest of any delivery service .
0	they repeatedly kept yelling to head to the doors and get out .
1	thank you !
0	ignoring us does n't make us go away .
1	she was fabulous !
0	but since it was _num_ of them versus just me , it was hooters .
1	sooooo yum !
0	what a huge disappointment .
1	this is one auto repair shop that definitely stands behind their work .
0	_num_ .
1	everything on the menu sounded so good !
0	i showed the lady the picture of my desired bang .
1	great service !
0	horrible customer service .
1	don , really was friendly and knowledgable !
0	but i did n't want to be an unpleasant guest and complain .
1	he was a pleasure to work with !
0	i 'd rather spend the time doing it myself .
1	excellent service too .
0	yellow cab is the only cab and it is atrocious .
1	prices are fair , especially considering the hospitality you 'll receive .
0	how bad can you mess up mexican food ?
1	chill atmosphere , authentic japanese , not generic like some chain sushi places .
0	also , the pool was being fixed .
1	but seriously amaze !
0	i ate it but will definitely not go there again !
1	my favorite store to shop at ever !
0	i am just surprised how bad the dishes are becoming at this place .
1	good fine art printing as well .
0	even though that is not what the drive up menu says .
1	great time spent well .
0	fries are always cold ... close down already pathetic shit hole .
1	decent drink specials and food as well .
0	way way way over priced .
1	great sushi place !
0	would not recommend `` doctor my eyes . ''
1	friendly and inviting atmosphere .
0	rude pharmacist named donna made me change my mind .
1	great service !
0	i 'm confused why anyone would choose to go here .
1	john you got this !
0	the side dish of potatoes was inedible .
1	it has to be one of the best french toast in this town !
0	i 've been hung up on lied to and cheated .
1	we liked our drinks and thought the wines by the glass good .
0	it was my first time trying their pizza and quite possibly the last .
1	thank you !
0	it was horrible .
1	but this cracker barrel has to be my favorite !
0	but the veggie tempura was terrible !
1	the service and waiting time for a seat can be a serious drawback .
0	he did n't deserve more than _num_ % .
1	really good should food here .
0	four hours and still no oil change .
1	definitely worth a visit .
0	horrible customer service !
1	highly recommend .
0	the airport location does not answer their phone .
1	of course the hot dogs are authentic and delicious .
0	i will not fly them ever again !
1	fast , friendly service .
0	i thought every thing was incredibly bland and pretty boring .
1	we also love the live music !
0	plus , i was not offered a drink refill at all during lunch .
1	the staff is stellar making our experience wonderful .
0	this location is old and tired .
1	everything is very savory and fresh .
0	the sheets on the bed were smoky smelling , so i took them off .
1	the owner is amazing , what a great guy .
0	the confirmation email does n't come with a estimated delivery .
1	great great great place !
0	_num_ .
1	he is gentle and detailed .
0	corn was n't even good , kinda mushy .
1	luckily it 's all over the valley , we love it !
0	i do n't know why everyone gives them _num_ stars .
1	the staff is always nice , i love the covered parking .
0	wrong !
1	amazing job.
0	this past visit it was dead empty with the exception of staff .
1	the food was fantastic .
0	i go back out to pump and nothing .
1	a magician with eyebrows .
0	also $ _num_ .
1	the mixing of all the ingredients and flavor of the broth hit the spot .
0	she is rude and mean and surprisingly makes the whole experience negative .
1	one of the great places to dance in downtown madison .
0	i i could post the entire email i would .
1	cute and charming , a great place for a first date .
0	my sister has but my experience left a bad taste in my mouth literally .
1	one of the better locations in the area .
0	they are always out of something , often it is chicken !
1	bravo desert jade for keeping it good !
0	the chicken was diced so small that could have passed for a diced veggie .
1	all of the staff were very friendly and eager to help .
0	adam said that he went clearly over what was involved in the package .
1	jared the manager helped us with our to go order .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	the portions were huge , our waiter was exceptionally nice and patient .
0	do n't waste your time or money ... .
1	i just moved down from ny and kids need braces .
0	no way !
1	she listens and understands my issues and gives me a great cut always !
0	this place charges a fee of $ _num_ to do basically nothing .
1	the location is great and the staff have always been attentive and friendly .
0	no personality at all .
1	food came out quick , hot , and tasty .
0	the sour oil left a horrendous coating on the tongue .
1	absolutely worth it .
0	the tires were reasonably priced but short lived .
1	my friend ordered the french toast with berries and cream .
0	each month i pay extra ( almost double ) of the monthly car loan .
1	still , $ _num_ plus tip for a cut is great .
0	disappointing .
1	definitely recommend it .
0	seriously , if i could give this gym a zero , i would .
1	wow this place is fantastic !
0	actually , one of my break lights has been out for a while .
1	one of the best places to get chinese food !
0	ca n't go wrong there .
1	they are moving !
0	try it and then thank me , later for warning you .
1	hard to believe - but he makes going to the dentist a pleasure !
0	i was and am still appalled , _num_ months later .
1	thanks to darlene .
0	this is the worst place to get your car detailed .
1	great diner food .
0	never connecting through charlotte again .
1	everyone was very friendly and helpful .
0	it was rather awkward during the meal , no music , no entertainment .
1	i most definitely will be coming back !
0	my brother and i thought the taste was _num_ out of _num_ .
1	the ranch is awesome , made in house .
0	there were mass people everywhere with no organization .
1	usually the service is pretty efficient .
0	the restaurant , while never known for cleanliness , was even worse today .
1	my boyfriend and i loved this location .
0	my wife 's fries , accompanying her shrimp dinner , were stiff and unappetizing .
1	a little pricey , but so much fun .
0	by the time the food arrives it is cold .
1	just writing about this has me checking flight times !
0	this company has no compassion or loyalty to its customers .
1	that takes some talent right there !
0	came in for a comprehensive exam .
1	food was good .
0	she was more than willing to return the overcooked steaks .
1	we will definitely be back to seat at his section .
0	however , i did n't really expect much .
1	excellent , quick service .
0	and you see there are only negative comments about this company .
1	you know a mexican restaurant is good when most of the customers are hispanic .
0	if you ca n't do it right , then it 's time to close .
1	great service .
0	but the general manager from that bmw flat out made me change my mind .
1	you get a ton of food .
0	_num_ $ ?
1	really , i have always been satisfied here .
0	food is mediocre but the service is terrible .
1	great service , great food and great prices !
0	went to get my car washed today and had just left the bank .
1	she is professional , courteous and organized !
0	so i was like why not .
1	carnitas tacos exceptional .
0	still , i 'm not sure we will be back anytime soon .
1	friendly service very clean and fresh seafood they have karaoke and beer bucket specials .
0	i read the review but sorry the food was nasty .
1	great business lunch spot !
0	red velvet cupcake , not so much .
1	i will definitely use them again .
0	she said the nugget was cold .
1	my dates drink was great as well .
0	i hate coming here for a number of reasons .
1	- definitely a good choice to eat a nice chinese restaurant off-strip .
0	disgusting !
1	it was a fun and challenging course .
0	there are only so many crust options .
1	famous dave 's is yummy .
0	it 's too bad because the service was usually great .
1	all reported yummy !
0	i found little bugs crawling around the seeds and nuts in my little bags .
1	this place is beautiful .
0	coffee ( had a cappuccino ) was very weak .
1	i was right !
0	my stomach hurts .
1	they always take really good care of us .
0	_num_ ) the pizza was full of grease .
1	great food and good , attentive service .
0	i have not heard the single word from them .
1	the service was good .
0	a complete waste of money .
1	i appreciate their honesty .
0	but i could have done better up there .
1	and so yummy , especially on a rainy day .
0	before i forget to mention , one of the sofa chairs upholstery was torn .
1	i love love love my new iron gate that they customized for us !
0	but i found the whole appointment useless .
1	love this place !
0	the shrimp crepe only had two small pieces of shrimp .
1	i will definitely be back !
0	after having read the reviews , i was expecting more .
1	they are super quick and super super affordable .
0	very disappointed as one would think home depot would be a go to place .
1	the caesar salad was good , garlic bread ... great !
0	i 'm not kidding .
1	the staff is always prompt , courteous and professional .
0	at this point i shrugged and took out some cash .
1	great steaks !
0	it was obvious her english was limited .
1	great selection of all of your athletic apparel .
0	the pasta was seriously undercooked .
1	and they have really good late night food menu !
0	she really should n't have .
1	faster service and on site cleaning .
0	i should have listened to my fellow co-workers and avoided this credit union .
1	its kind of hidden in the shopping center , but that 's okay .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	beautiful modern style church overall .
0	we were so disappointed the chicken fried sirloin is so terrible .
1	it is still delicious .
0	fail !
1	first time here but will definitely be back .
0	food was hot and all but the service was eh .
1	the service is great and the establishment is clean .
0	then factor in the $ _num_ price point and it tastes even worse !
1	the front desk people were so friendly and helpful .
0	the bathroom was very messy .
1	the attendants are very nice and the course was well maintained .
0	the tostada was lukewarm by the time i ate it .
1	all of the food was flavorful and everyone was extremely pleased .
0	super irritating .
1	thanks maria for making our visit so enjoyable .
0	went here friday night for dinner with hubby .
1	yes , that right - take your bike with you - it 's awesome .
0	there are only two things you need to know about cox cable .
1	what a nice treat for me , me me !
0	would not come again or recommend .
1	the good food and prices is where it 's at .
0	_num_ .
1	looks shady , tastes great .
0	completely disappointed in my meal - but i did n't get physically ill .
1	you can thank me later .
0	it turned out mostly mediocre .
1	super good food .
0	yet they have no security guard .
1	however , it is amazing .
0	they forgot our silverware and salad and breadsticks took _num_ minutes to arrive .
1	the coffee is actually pretty good !
0	$ _num_ w tip for a full set with gel .
1	awesome service at this location !
0	had dinner there new year 's eve and was really disappointed .
1	the employees at this service station truly care about there customers .
0	however , i 'm done with the arcadia store .
1	always a great place to stop if not too busy .
0	today was the worst , though .
1	not only is it _num_ hours but it is super clean and well lit .
0	he was very rude .
1	i am impressed with how quick they are .
0	do n't bother asking general questions about the food .
1	it made the whole experience just wonderful .
0	no professional at all !
1	nice bartender .
0	the fries were nothing special .
1	very friendly crew here .
0	but the food was not good at all .
1	i 've tried other sushi places but this is still my favorite .
0	i stopped by for lunch with my family on a thursday .
1	the customer service , pricing and attention to detail has always been perfect .
0	me : `` hi , i would like to make an appointment . ''
1	everyone loves this pizza ... .
0	the food was probably one of the worst meals we 've ever had .
1	this place is absolutely amazing !
0	might as well go down the street to sally 's .
1	vanilla bean cheesecake was terrific .
0	please dont waste your money , there are better options .
1	randy , in the service department , has been wonderful to work with !
0	he had it all picked out and had his coupon ready .
1	amazing !
0	he never once looked me in the eye !
1	they are great .
0	this annoyed him , obviously .
1	all were fantastic !
0	gross !
1	i know they also have some nice happy hour specials .
0	i did n't understand it so i had our friend look at them .
1	you have to check this place out !
0	any liquor drinks taste like watered down juice .
1	being able to byob is an amazing idea and more places should offer it .
0	this repair shop is not open 24/7 as it states on yelp .
1	loved it .
0	very bad .
1	great service and good food .
0	anyways , i 'm disappointed i did n't even get to eat .
1	it was good and fresh .
0	never again will i buy from them .
1	had a really good time here .
0	i am filipino and my wife is white as snow .
1	brittany was very friendly and cheerful as we checked out .
0	poor service !
1	i was pleasantly surprised by how nice and helpful they were .
0	let that not be forgotten in this mostly negative review .
1	great pizza place !
0	no such luck to an easy fix .
1	very good food .
0	i 've been a customer of tea station for _num_ years now .
1	so yummy !
0	thanks for the disappointment to me and my son !
1	so delicious !
0	finally bored we requested our check .
1	keep up the good work .
0	maybe they have great coffee but thats not my beef with them .
1	professional , friendly staff for sure .
0	no one has came to our table asked for drinks nothing .
1	the asian food was fantastic !
0	i would not recommend this pizza place to anyone !
1	and then he gave us a great deal !
0	nails all over in places that nails should not have been .
1	it is great.
0	if i could give no stars i would .
1	good food .
0	it started out poorly .
1	the food very good almost across the board .
0	poor selection of channels .
1	the mark of a good night club !
0	( still have a couple other options - cottage cheese , for example . )
1	great service ... .
0	after they changed the oil , i received a bill for $ _num_ !
1	they have a great selection of colors for regular polish as well as gel .
0	the staff was simply rude to us .
1	great and caring staff !
0	do n't come here if you can avoid it .
1	everyone is great here .
0	wrong .
1	yeah , that 's easy too .
0	i said nothing and walked .
1	fast , friendly and family owned .
0	the menu described a pepper stuffed with rice , mushrooms and spinach .
1	the vibe there is good .
0	i only order for either a veggie bowl or a chicken bowl .
1	it was very flavorful .
0	i was so bummed i had to spend my money !
1	i give the show _num_ stars , because it was good .
0	they had n't done anything with it yet ( thank god ) .
1	fun for adults and kids alike !
0	got a gyro here .
1	super modern decor .
0	for location this place is a _num_ star .
1	she has done a great job on my color and cuts .
0	it was n't real spicy tuna !
1	salsa is some of the best in phx .
0	anyways there are way better clubs to go to in phx .
1	even though the price is a bit higher but it is worth the price .
0	you really do n't get the full effect of the thai dishes .
1	_num_ thumbs up !
0	i ca n't understand how they 're still in business .
1	the owners and other staff are such friendly people .
0	my wild rice was super dry .
1	wow !
0	could n't pay my bill online ( ummm hello ?
1	unbeatable service .
0	i gave two stars because they were nice .
1	very good food !
0	she does n't care and will give you attitude like no other .
1	i went once the day i moved to arizona .
0	jerry whom is the store manager is extremely hostile and nasty !
1	prices fair , service spotty but acceptable .
0	all i was trying to get were some birth control pills .
1	great pho at a cheaper price compared to some places in charlotte .
0	they do n't explain things well .
1	this take is one to at least experience once in a lifetime .
0	i would not recommend going here to anyone .
1	thank you so , so much !
0	i need to really take my money elsewhere .
1	waiter was attentive and friendly .
0	terrible terrible customer service .
1	just found a new fav !
0	another smoke filled hotel .
1	so for those in glendale , yay for you !
0	very disappointed about the star of india restaurant , on chandler blvd !
1	amazing food !
0	ridiculous expensive drink prices ... $ _num_ for a double tall vodka soda .
1	i love kohl 's during the holidays !
0	i am piss 'd !
1	a great place for happy hour or a light lunch with friends .
0	however , the bar staff was ridiculously rude and greedy .
1	the atmosphere is very relaxed .
0	so needless to say we will not be returning back to this establishment ever !
1	( see wolfgang puck ... . )
0	its a little pricey , but you have to think location .
1	great selection of bikes including trek , giant , felt , etc .
0	owner is crazy and does not treat customers with respect .
1	two hours of new and delicious flavor .
0	these people strike me as extremely lazy !
1	i love this place .
0	i was really disappointed at my experience here .
1	very efficient and friendly .
0	she came out and then started asking me a hole bunch of questions .
1	great place to spot for a quick , good breakfast .
0	does the term `` market rate '' appear anywhere in your lease ?
1	love it !
0	this place is terrible .
1	i absolutely love this place .
0	lesson learned : avoid at all costs in the future .
1	breakfast was fantastic !
0	- this place is also a station casino .
1	everything was fresh and tasty .
0	a lot of lip service and no action !
1	it would be nice if people smile a bit in here .
0	the workers were just standing around not bothering to clean or fix anything .
1	prices are extremely reasonable .
0	disappointed to say the least !
1	they are the best !
0	extremely poor customer service !
1	i can see the pork shop from my in-laws house !
0	wo n't go there again .
1	the staff was very friendly and nice .
0	unfortunately , i remain completely unimpressed with the company as a whole .
1	great rolled tacos and enchiladas as well .
0	the trunk would n't close properly .
1	i tried on about _num_ dresses but was in love with the first one !
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	nicest and friendliest guys around !
0	and the blooming onion looked as if it had been found under the sea .
1	had the reuben , which was good and big enough for two .
0	also , the service was mediocre .
1	a + check it out next time you are in shadyside !
0	ultimately i would probably go back but i might try other places first .
1	like watching the movie at home !
0	i can get a much better burrito at any of the mexican restaurants around .
1	oh and join their loyalty text group for coupons and special deals !
0	honestly , i could bare with the other cons except this ... its awful .
1	it 's been a local music establishment forever !
0	this location is crossed off my list .
1	thanks guys .
0	i 'd like to think something went seriously wrong with the recipe tonight .
1	it 's delicious , and the workers are friendly and they are reasonably priced .
0	even taco bell 's tacos were better tasting than this one .
1	they are consistent in their service and pricing .
0	it was a bunch of the most random junk .
1	they 're also great .
0	drinks are expensive .
1	with both got an _num_ and was spicy but perfect .
0	you had to spend at least $ _num_ to pay with your credit card .
1	jr took pride in his work and did a great job on everything .
0	not a single one had been greeted or acknowledged .
1	all the samples that we tasted were delicious not overly sweet just perfect !
0	she said it would be a _num_ minute wait .
1	charming store with high quality items .
0	essentially for me , it 's like fast food quality .
1	my favorite fish sandwich on planet earth .
0	we ordered two bourbon street steaks and a grilled chicken salad .
1	that carolina sure knows how to make tortillas .
0	no `` thank you '' not `` i 'm sorry !
1	the office staff are super sweet and very helpful .
0	_num_ .
1	i 'm sorry .
0	the salon is n't very pretty , but that does n't really matter .
1	it 's a good book store if you do n't mind the corporate world .
0	i could easily have spent a lot of money there .
1	sauce was outstanding .
0	Positive
1	my wife loves the service along with atmosphere .
0	the service had been getting worse as time went on .
1	highly recommend this place for the quality of their programs .
0	i stopped going there , though convenient .
1	their drive through for the most part runs like a well oiled machine .
0	i know , _num_ years with no other options for service .
1	you can thank me later .
0	today however i was greatly disappointed .
1	took my wife amber here and the good and service was awesome !
0	never even stepping away from his task .
1	i thought it was pretty good for my first time .
0	horrible experience with this company .
1	i will return as i have , always to pf changs .
0	will never go back to such pissed poor services restaurant .
1	so , so good .
0	service was abysmal too .
1	customer service is amazing .
0	i was disgusted by this behavior in total and do not recommend this location .
1	so delicious !
0	long wong 's quality is lost on this place .
1	fun for all , families included .
0	the store is not very wheelchair friendly .
1	how you 're treated after the fact makes all the difference .
0	there are _num_ groups already there ahead of me .
1	definitely a great place to have lunch .
0	the owners do not care about the children .
1	it was all delicious , but the tandoori chicken was the best .
0	first , the noodles looked like what you buy at the supermarket .
1	she was professional at all times and went the extra mile to help me .
0	loud , loud , loud !
1	loved this place .
0	the rice was too dry , and there was barely any flavor .
1	great take out chinese .
0	_num_ hour is also a plus .
1	excellent experience !
0	i 've gone twice and asked for the wings , grilled with light sauce .
1	generous portions , so we were all able to sample a little of everything .
0	the staff in the office does n't care about anything .
1	i highly recommend this dealership to anyone looking for a new honda .
0	q this bad would never win any award .
1	the pasta is incredible !
0	disgusting !
1	their orange chicken is seriously good .
0	terrible experience !
1	whoever the cooks are at that time , the food is delicious !
0	needless to say , that didnt happen .
1	there are also plenty of options where food is concerned .
0	first off the rooms smell , the towels smell and the carpet is filthy !
1	work looks good .
0	she came over to check on me , but not really checking on me .
1	pretty sure they have free wi-fi .
0	_num_ other customers received their drinks before he did .
1	it is always a wonderful experience !
0	ca n't believe such a company should have such lousy warehouse management .
1	this is such an awesome place to go !
0	really do n't know what to say .
1	love this place !
0	most likely nobody works at that number cause they have terrible customer service .
1	their carne asada tacos are good along with their chips and salsa .
0	burgers way over cooked and overpriced .
1	- calamari - excellent !
0	_num_ .
1	keith and his staff are amazing .
0	big portion of chicken , veggies , rice , and red curry sauce .
1	food is 4/5 but very good .
0	if it was n't for the manager i 've give them _num_ stars .
1	love love love love their caramel vanilla latte .
0	meantime , we reluctantly gave julie a down payment and off we went .
1	service like this is what keeps me loyal !
0	i got a fried chicken sand and it was awful !
1	they have a nice selection of treats for him to choose from .
0	( all same kind of cookie ) .
1	friendly staff & delicious food .
0	we went to drop off prescriptions ( _num_ ) for both my children .
1	i had so much fun and i love my nails !
0	probably not .
1	very nice and professional gentleman , will refer others !
0	it is a very very poor hospital .
1	all the reviews are accurate .
0	no one bothered to tell me that they were running late .
1	sure the place is n't nearly as fancy , but the food is excellent .
0	pork fried rice - it was blah !
1	the service is efficient and courteous and the food is outstanding .
0	Negative
1	we had a great vacation and i ca n't recommend this place enough .
0	the pharmacy gave me someone else 's prescription .
1	wow .
0	life is too short for less than mediocre food .
1	she is superior to all others in her class .
0	the waitress was extremely rude .
1	thanks so much again !
0	my orders are consistently wrong .
1	and the found was delicious !
0	_num_ .
1	everything is fresh and made to order .
0	the certificate does not clearly state that _num_ meals need to be purchased .
1	i love going here .
0	_num_ % percent more expensive than _num_ other places i go .
1	spicy combo bowl is the best as well as their loco moco !
0	number of leaks on my driveway _num_ week later : zero .
1	i 'll definitely be going back .
0	would n't recommend going out of your way for a slice .
1	i ordered a bowl of menudo and it was so good !
0	well , she did the most terrible job !
1	it 's pretty quiet during the day which is how i like it .
0	the egg rolls were overcooked but were otherwise pretty standard .
1	i would definitely recommend her !
0	unfortunately , those are the only two benefits that courtney village offers .
1	thank you , thank you , thank you .
0	go here with out of town guests but not for a nice evening out .
1	loved the green beans !
0	this looks like an old ass best buy .
1	he 's a hoot !
0	classic case of bait and switch ... never again !
1	it is a great place !
0	what a horrible idea !
1	fast , friendly service , hot , fresh , delicious food .
0	i called their complaint line twice and i got no response to my complaints .
1	they are super friendly and knowledgeable .
0	this place can not be sanitary .
1	love the friday night beginners class for learning !
0	hire a security officer already !
1	the boba here is so sweet and fresh !
0	the three pizzas i had delivered were all cold , dry , and overdone .
1	atomic is a great comic shop .
0	poor service and food .
1	they are really fast and clean up is good .
0	bad cooking period .
1	janet has always been punctual and always smiling .
0	i am not sure how you suck the flavor out of meat .
1	the dessert , next door , is plentiful and delicious !
0	obviously the _num_ visit came first or i would n't have been back .
1	this pharmacy is so amazing !
0	unprofessional staff and lack of customer appreciation .
1	absolutely delicious .
0	red snapper carpaccio is kind of weird .
1	consistently good food at fair prices .
0	so i paid and said i would take my cold pizza .
1	great , great great !
0	the washer and dryer smells horrible and they refused to replace them .
1	very nice and accommodating !
0	they are lucky leaving _num_ stars is not an option .
1	but they literally brought my food out on a serving tray !
0	i hate to give _num_ star , so _num_ will do .
1	love this jersey mikes !
0	i was disappointed .
1	the staff is friendly , the food is quick , and its clean .
0	horrible service takes a long time .
1	their burgers here are so delicious and juicy !
0	do you always waste bags when serving blizzards ?
1	solid , fresh made to order hot dogs .
0	i ca n't believe people actually say this is good pizza !
1	this place is great !
0	the woman and the waiters are so rude .
1	i thought the food was pretty decent .
0	i been here before then said you can sit down now .
1	charlie is the best at eyebrows !
0	we went from an _num_ to a _num_ nearly overnight .
1	food is very good , always clean .
0	long 's just was n't capable of treating his condition .
1	i always enjoy getting my car washed here .
0	did that sound nasty to you ?
1	so amazing .
0	huge , old , smelly and rude finance people ( jessica ) .
1	the lemon grilled shrimp tacos are amazing .
0	in other words , i was trying to do the stylist a favor .
1	love places like this .
0	no spa area .
1	perfectly cooked , and nice and hot .
0	unfortunately , they suck .
1	the highlight is definitely the entertainment .
0	the potatoes were not hot .
1	they came off very honest and genuine , i 'll always be a customer !
0	as we walked in , the hostess was blatantly unfriendly and unorganized .
1	this is a local business that we all should support .
0	heck better _num_ block away .
1	great value for the money .
0	i can not recommend this salon .
1	the decor inside is trendy but very `` rich . ''
0	there were never delivered .
1	really enjoyed the small , quaint feel of the place .
0	my boyfriend is nicer than i am .
1	great salad bar and the twice baked potato was full of flavor .
0	_num_ per person not worth it .
1	great views of downtown pittsburgh , and the point .
0	the sushi was c grade .
1	love the new lobster bucket !
0	i have no idea why one day i was craving the steak here .
1	perfect size , fabulous flavor and delicious tortilla .
0	if anything , you should check these guys out for that .
1	great little hidden nature center in south phoenix .
0	it was such a shame .
1	wonderful experience with this company !
0	my daughter didnt ' find the orange chicken that great either .
1	i will most definitely order here again .
0	this place has horrible patient management .
1	you will see a noticeable change in your skin within a week !
0	i was ignored for _num_ mins til the clerk acknowledged me .
1	eat there today for the first time .
0	the price is not worth me trying this place again .
1	owner is so nice and informative .
0	actually , i guess that is what i 'm saying .
1	the service was terrific and very attentive .
0	absolute worst experience .
1	photos on the walls are a nice touch too ... .
0	the meatballs tasted like they had been store bought and frozen for some time .
1	the food is in a word `` phenomenal ! ''
0	in fact , i have n't found anything that compares .
1	there is a lot of helpful information on the community board .
0	she says she does , but she needs a dozen bagels as well .
1	i highly recommend this place .
0	_num_ .
1	they were so great !
0	so , if you dare to try them , do not go on sunday .
1	the staff were very friendly and helpful .
0	i have never been treated so rudely .
1	i will keep coming back is service stays like this .
0	the portions were generous , my blizzard was overflowing .
1	to that end , the service was very good .
0	she did n't care and it showed .
1	everything is fresh and made to order .
0	it 's really not a bad place to watch a game .
1	just as everyone said it is pretty pricey .
0	nah fuck this place .
1	they are proof that customer service is n't out the door .
0	the food was dry and the employees horrible !
1	jesse is a great waiter !
0	but that is ok for what should have been the same old results .
1	so delicious !
0	it took her a week to return my call despite numerous messages and emails .
1	they have enclosed their patio and it 's lovely .
0	now i can see why the employee was so confused .
1	chinese food is top .
0	sorry , penny .
1	still pretty good though .
0	i am pretty sure the salsa was made using canned tomatoes .
1	some of the best cheese enchiladas i have ever had .
0	a total mess !
1	ordered a family meal via drive thru .
0	wish i could give them zero stars .
1	the food 's pretty good .
0	my tongue still hurts due to the volume of salt .
1	i would highly recommend this hidden gem of a restaurant .
0	i will not be returning to this store .
1	and , they always get them right with a smile .
0	a shame .
1	cruise by and set your mind , body , and soul at ease .
0	there is no sense of urgency .
1	i highly recommend !
0	do n't go by previous rep it 's totally different now .
1	oh wow .
0	now i realized why one of my puppies screamed so loud .
1	excellent new york style pizza .
0	the spicier salsa was brought out and it was n't much better .
1	this place rocks !
0	she surely is hiding something .
1	the food was outstanding and the place was extremely lively for a monday night .
0	are you guys trying to kill me ?
1	josh at indian trail imports is amazing !
0	i guess the customer service took away my hunger .
1	_num_ star barbershop !
0	first thing that turned me off was printed in the menu .
1	the restaurant is clean and the service is very quick .
0	i eat out _num_ % of my meals , and i can go anywhere .
1	pizza , salad and wings are always great .
0	and its so wrong .
1	and perfect portions .
0	things were not right .
1	awesome .
0	disgusting food .
1	i really like them a lot .
0	gross !
1	if you love fish at a dive bar , this is your place .
0	i thought the menu was boring and very limited .
1	awesome food , huge portions .
0	maybe it is my fault .
1	this place really surprised me in a good way .
0	whatever that corn stuff they bring to the table is was horrible .
1	karaoke on saturday nights is fun .
0	usually service is horrible at dim sum , because its dim sum .
1	just an all-around great selection of fresh , delicious products .
0	first of all , foods were n't impressive .
1	absolutely loved this place !
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back here .
1	everyone is always so damn nice !
0	wo n't be returning .
1	the staff is helpful , knowledgeable and friendly .
0	Neutral
1	what can i say i love donuts !
0	like many other reviewers , i have suffered some bad experiences at champaign dental .
1	the food is excellent and the delivery service is outstanding .
0	there are no hotel signs ; _num_ ) .
1	we had the horchata was did n't taste exactly like horchata but was delicious .
0	this place is bad all around .
1	favorite place to get some work done .
0	at this point i was a little irritated .
1	both were delicious !
0	not for the food .
1	friendliest staff !
0	walnut shrimp , yuck !
1	very tasty !
0	was told `` _num_ to _num_ minutes '' .
1	the bacon wrapped shrimp is my favorite appetizer .
0	no apologies .
1	my favorite restaurant by far !
0	what a horrible doctor .
1	best sushi we have ever had !
0	i always order the calamari , vermicelli noodles and side of pho .
1	i feel they have been honest and helpful with us .
0	none of this fusion crap .
1	the worship and the service were both amazing too .
0	instead , i just i do n't get it .
1	our driver thomas was the best and made my family feel awesome .
0	honestly nothing special compared to other hibachi places .
1	inside everything is fresh and authentic .
0	always enjoying my visits but lately the cleanliness of the place has been poor .
1	they always offer you a choice and never pressure you into anything you need .
0	the bread was already soggy like it had been sitting for a bit .
1	as you would expect , this place has great steak .
0	even panda express does n't use msg .
1	everyone who works here is friendly and helpful too .
0	it tasted of plain tomatoes and tin can .
1	the onion rings are the best .
0	with that said , it is still bar food .
1	the pad thai was delicious and amazing .
0	painfully blah , older business hotel that needs updates and upgrades .
1	the food is good - the location - also nice .
0	the bathroom was a scene out of a horror film .
1	service is excellent .
0	do not go to bmw of henderson !
1	here you will find many other unique items on the menu .
0	however , the food was not at what we expected at all !
1	truly he is the real deal .
0	no beer list , no soda list , no liquid period .
1	it always tastes the same .
0	_num_ ) appointments kept on time .
1	the vet is extremely caring and dedicated .
0	her response was in no way reassuring that service was going to get better .
1	great family oriented church .
0	the last few times i have been they have been lousy with scheduling .
1	fresh and high quality ingredients .
0	at best buy arrowhead , they can really take or leave you it seems .
1	great bar place to hang out at .
0	a waitress pointed to another table , which was clean .
1	i definitely recommend this restaurant .
0	that was n't gon na happen .
1	the food is worth it !
0	even though i had a contract booked _num_ months in advance .
1	one of the great things was how quickly everything came out .
0	i 'm still trying to figure out how one manages to burn noodles .
1	i just had the most beautiful gel nails done by rose .
0	everything from the service to the food was terrible .
1	pretty delicious .
0	disgusting .
1	one of the best hotel stays i 've had .
0	the convince of delivery just is n't worth it here !
1	always a great choice for dinner !
0	she was not worth _num_ % .
1	will definitely be back when we are in the area !
0	no bed bugs in my room though !
1	very interesting finds .
0	final verdict : not bad , but do n't bother .
1	my buddy ordered pulled pork and that was great too .
0	also the concession stands are so loud it 's hard to hear the act .
1	i was in scottsdale this weekend and made an appointment at scottsdale nails .
0	what a nightmare !
1	this place helps everyone .
0	boy was i wrong .
1	it will become your favorite sushi bar after one try !
0	considering it cost $ _num_ , you better cook to impress .
1	great for kids and adults .
0	twice .
1	best thing they serve is the ranch salad dressing .
0	our `` non smoking '' seemed like an ash tray .
1	tasty food and great service .
0	bad food we did n't even eat it.
1	their carne asada burritos are also very good .
0	you just lost a good customer .
1	that 's cool .
0	just no .
1	i 'm a fan for life !
0	i 'm surprised this store has survived so long with such terrible customer service .
1	these are the best gyros in town or anywhere for that matter .
0	it kind of killed my appetite so i was done after two pieces .
1	will definitely stop back.
0	she should n't assume i did n't know what she was saying .
1	the service was warm and welcoming and we look forward to visiting again .
0	that being said , the service was so bad it was uncomfortable .
1	they make amazing shrimp fried rice and orange chicken .
0	atmosphere was casual but prices were upscale .
1	i ordered a large takeout of shrimp broccoli and it tastes sooooo good !
0	it is nothing i have ever had before and i would order it again .
1	great outdoor patio with misters , looking out to the lake .
0	three of us ordered the meatball flight and none were prepared similarly .
1	thanks guys for helping a first timer and i will be back !
0	warning do not purchase any used car from bmw of henderson .
1	her style is soothing and her heart is warm .
0	hard to believe someone got that drunk on the overpriced watered down drinks .
1	food was delicious !
0	they use msg and i feel sick from it .
1	really cool .
0	what asian restaurant does n't have that !
1	i recommend trying something with their chicken kabob .
0	they did not care at all .
1	prices for ammo here are the best around .
0	on a crappy dirt filled lot with trash everywhere .
1	the pizza is fantastic !
0	this was n't a payment for back payments , or anything like that .
1	so impressed !
0	took _num_ minutes just to be acknowledged .
1	staff was awesome and hilarious !
0	place is just nasty dirty !
1	the cucumber salad is really good too .
0	a simple quesadilla was the only thing i finished and enjoyed .
1	they did so good and were so nice compared to other places ive been .
0	i kept my flip flops on , even in the shower !
1	the chicken burrito is great as always .
0	overall , it was a _num_ because nothing blew me away .
1	my eyebrows and face are soooo thankful to have found her again !
0	i gave these groomers another chance this week .
1	the owners are very nice in the store and on the phone .
0	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
1	lots of alcohol and japanese comfort food !
0	not cool .
1	the complementary desserts were an unexpected treat and were amazing .
0	no lights on .
1	the food is good and the prices are fair .
0	i did n't like the free samples and i should have just walked away .
1	food was excellent and service was fast .
0	crap .
1	everything tastes real , healthy , and flavorful .
0	last eve _num_ of us went arriving before the crowd at _num_ pm .
1	i have recommended this to my family coming to town for my upcoming wedding .
0	will only return for fill .
1	every session is different and i always leave feeling accomplished .
0	another couple walked out while waiting .
1	good north and south indian food .
0	and we did n't even get chocolates with the check !
1	the staff is friendly and helpful , the beds comfy the rooms clean .
0	my boyfriend and i went here for our year and a half anniversary .
1	very friendly , clean atmosphere and a job well done .
0	do not give this place your business !
1	you can tell it was fresh and homemade and authentic .
0	sadly , it was disappointing .
1	this place was fantastic .
0	i tried their shrimp pasta ... it was bland and had a weird taste .
1	free wi-fi was nice .
0	my eggs rancheros had no flavor !
1	perfect .
0	that was definitely not the case though .
1	staff is friendly and efficient .
0	service today was just horrible !
1	best brisket , great prices and fun atmosphere for lunch .
0	stopped for breakfast while my wife was in the hospital .
1	we are in the city for the weekend .
0	in fact , our awesome server was this outing 's only saving grace .
1	wonderful charming service .
0	the second room was so dusty .
1	once again , sonny 's hits the mark .
0	we had a dress rehearsal and they had no clue about it .
1	we were pleasantly surprised .
0	instead it was hot , sticky and overall a really unpleasant experience .
1	i get manicures by andrea and she is amazing !
0	i went here with my friends last night for hh .
1	amazing happy hour .
0	a busy , well known place like that should n't have that happen .
1	food was amazing and service was good !
0	do n't support this business please .
1	very cool atmosphere in a cozy old house .
0	we gave the place another chance and it was worse .
1	they are awesome !
0	i am so disappointed .
1	tasty sandwiches and salads .
0	i gave them my credit card and they said it was declined .
1	yum !
0	in addition , you ca n't refund my money ?
1	really friendly bartenders and okay food .
0	ugh worst serves ever !
1	best place to go for car stereo and alarm install .
0	there was also no free wifi .
1	the food was superb .
0	cheap parts but if it does n't work you 're stuck with it .
1	very good desserts !
0	desk staff was friendly .
1	excellent value for your money .
0	no . ''
1	friendly service and pretty good prices .
0	there was no salt , spices , flavor , or color in anything .
1	their dinners and specials are the best part , for me .
0	i was not a huge fan of this place .
1	i had shrimp and grits and it was amazing .
0	it was n't even warm .
1	they were tender with great flavor .
0	not the one in the pretty blue polo .
1	full of flavor and it comes with a side of fruit or salad .
0	upon entering you get a feeling that maybe you 've chosen wrong .
1	one thing they make that i really enjoy is their butterfly .
0	nothing like it used to be .
1	everyone here was so kind , helpful , and knowledgeable .
0	our waiter also got a _num_ % tip as well .
1	but damn this is a good casual place .
0	disappointing .
1	i had a great session with nick .
0	the communication between both is where i think we fell through the crack .
1	a great meal but the highlight was our server ricardo .
0	so she called the doctor from another room .
1	we usually sit in the bar area for the happy hour prices .
0	i had brought the dog with me before .
1	we 'll definitely come back !
0	wrong .
1	service was excellent .
0	maybe i should have tried the sliders .
1	it 's fantastic !
0	i take it back !
1	i had the fish tacos with a side of pasta salad .
0	_num_ .
1	great selection of beers especially the seasonal ones !
0	i will not be going back for a very long time .
1	food came out fast and was great .
0	i assume they are .
1	extremely impressed with the staff , the facility and of course my physician .
0	i have been to the dentist before .
1	i love the # _num_ !
0	very uncomfortable and extremely tacky .
1	it 's an az staple !
0	that is the only reason that i 'm giving _num_ stars instead of one .
1	the staff at warner vista animal hospital is top notch .
0	poor kid .
1	the good here is value .
0	horrible business to deal with !
1	the staff and service is impeccable .
0	people really should read up on body language .
1	i was very happy st sams club tires .
0	the customer service all in all was terrible .
1	very good pizza and wings .
0	so , when we get the window , it 's actually _num_ .
1	good , but not great and a bit pricy .
0	as in _num_ months old stale .
1	this is consistently a delicious restaurant .
0	this is one store that is in very bad need of customer service training .
1	)
0	ranch not homemade .
1	this hospital is the best i have ever seen .
0	no cheese anywhere , no flavor , just hot .
1	the workers there are nice and friendly with good service .
0	the kitchen was rocking it , though .
1	highly recommend .
0	i do n't like chains a lot , but some i tolerate .
1	dress watch needed a new battery .
0	i am from back east i know .
1	great bar menu and beer selection as well .
0	bouncer told me to leave .
1	impeccable service .
0	above all , it was incredibly dirty in there !
1	tree lined picnic table area .
0	will try again if i 'm in the need for delivery .
1	very cool little spot !
0	when i went to my room , housekeeping was just outside the door .
1	fantastic eastern european bakery and products !
0	so would i eat there again ?
1	i 've been going here for years now and always have loved it !
0	no way , go to all about books and comics better .
1	we always get a larger honey gold .
0	slow service .
1	very pleasantly surprised by this neighborhood find .
0	sorry , it is just stupid .
1	love this bar !
0	him : `` they 're basically the same price .
1	almost anything is good in the menu .
0	this guy is not good enough to have that much pride !
1	but the food and service was good .
0	there is no one in the place .
1	it truly is america 's friendliest airport !
0	customer service is extremely lacking .
1	kids have fun , adults have fun .
0	i gave this low rating for one simple reason .
1	they have a great deal on wines .
0	it 's not very good pizza .
1	i love this neighborhood and this place !
0	not impressed at all .
1	make sure you share it , because it is insanely huge .
0	my experience was underwhelming .
1	all in all a great place to kill some time or buy a book .
0	( bryan ) i will never be going back to this place again !
1	its a small place but has a friendly atmosphere .
0	lots of waiting , then car is ready but scratches not fixed .
1	they even stayed after the shop had closed to finish the job !
0	bad bad bad !
1	the servers have always been really nice and taken good care of us .
0	the crust was bland and the filling seemed sparse .
1	amazing place , amazing brews and good pizza too !
0	this was one of my least favorite meals i ate in las vegas .
1	very nice atmosphere and rooms .
0	the amount of meat missing in the sandwich was ridiculous .
1	we just returned from a trip to scottsdale and we really liked this hotel .
0	it was n't horrible but it was n't good either .
1	love this place !
0	rude .
1	the best chinese food !
0	however , they always forget the soy sauce .
1	solid guys .
0	my sides - garlic mashed potatoes and green beans - were equally bland .
1	i would definitely recommend this place !
0	worst doctor and staff !
1	they do great eye brow waxing to .
0	only one thing missing .
1	great and authentic chinese food .
0	worst management company ever !
1	the associates are very savvy with gardening tips and knowledgeable .
0	i waited outside , no one came .
1	every time i come here its been a great experience .
0	bland & tasteless , overly oily , and just bad .
1	overall , a little pricey but fun for the kids and grown ups .
0	i repeated myself 2-3 times and she said `` omg what ? ''
1	the place is clean , roomy and relaxed .
0	the meal just looked thrown together and not appealing to the eye .
1	service and food are good and quick .
0	yeah it 's cheap , but i hate dirty tricks like that .
1	high quality ingredients .
0	everything at this bk takes ten minutes .
1	alex , makes your visit worth it here .
0	Negative
1	honest and can usually get what you want .
0	wish i would have chosen some place better to bring my family .
1	both are enough to satisfy you and leave you with leftovers .
0	just not good pizza .
1	the guys work there are straightforward and quick with your orders .
0	place is disgusting !
1	our food was very fresh and hot when it arrived at our table .
0	it was n't horrible , but it was n't great either .
1	dr. carr is a perfectionist and i always know i 'm in good hands .
0	they called me _num_ times to confirm the appointment .
1	so far , my favorite and the crowd favorite is the # _num_ .
0	we went there to celebrate our anniversary and were really disappointed .
1	he is that ideal of what a physician should be .
0	Positive
1	the chefs and bakers are artists !
0	what a shame !
1	by far the best sashimi in arizona .
0	the really really low point of the meal was the desert .
1	do yourself a favor and check this place out .
0	i took my son here to spend about $ _num_ on a rc helicopter .
1	good chinese food in vegas ?
0	got the order wrong at the pay window .
1	i always get the small with feta and it is delicious .
0	get rid of the glass guys and i might use the car wash .
1	its not the cleanest looking or cheapest but the staff is great !
0	so gross .
1	one of my favorite places in the area ... .
0	unfortunately , this location is the closest to my house .
1	she 's really personable and makes you feel really welcome .
0	by far the worse place ever .
1	shea has new seats !
0	all in all , lulu 's is just okay .
1	the family who owns it is wonderful and the smoothies are great .
0	this place was so disappointing .
1	that works for me .
0	the actual customer service is terrible here .
1	great food great service .
0	nope ... no big deal .
1	very nice rooms if a little bit worn .
0	maybe it was a bad day ?
1	lots of parking in the lot as well as nice clean human bathrooms .
0	the service is hit or miss .
1	my favorite is the singapore rice noodles !
0	last week , i purchased a dining room set .
1	will definitely be back .
0	would n't go back if it was free .
1	and pick up a six pack of some of the country 's best beer .
0	service was horrible .
1	very nice informative people working there .
0	i did see one lone maid 's cart but no maid .
1	nice starbucks to hang out for a little while .
0	i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
1	the theater is clean which means a lot to me , especially the restrooms .
0	the prices are not cheap enough to justify the horrible work they do !
1	fun fun fun .
0	macaroni & cheese : not bad , but it 's mac & cheese .
1	highly recommend .
0	we like going here for the atmosphere , beer and tvs .
1	i love the food here and that it 's served hot .
0	get your pizza some place else as they do n't care about your business .
1	delicious hole in the wall place !
0	even the salsa could n't help it .
1	but everything else i 've had has been delicious .
0	horrible .
1	best barbershop by far in las vegas .
0	plus , the seats were dirty and one was ripped .
1	they 're food is delicious !
0	the kicker was the wait staff .
1	the great hangover destination .
0	but the prices are as expensive as any other steakhouse .
1	food is good and the slots hit !
0	it was weak .
1	we absolutely loved coming here .
0	but let me tell you , i was highly disappointed .
1	their team options as well as the class options prepare kids for any sports .
0	spent _num_ minutes passed that to finally be attended too .
1	highly recommend this place !
0	my waiter was obviously overworked .
1	they also have an all you can eat sushi special on saturdays i believe .
0	positives :
1	the atmosphere is kinda awkward , but their food is great .
0	there are good greasy spoon restaurants and bad ones .
1	they look fantastic !
0	hardly any chicken on it and it came with no sides .
1	the hotel clerk recommended miguel 's and we are glad !
0	unbelievable .
1	thank you john and staff for being a great place to do business with !
0	the pickles were soggy too .
1	gino is a great hair stylist .
0	neither is their food .
1	love this place !
0	not sure what all the hype is about .
1	so good .
0	this place is slow and the staff members are rude .
1	staff is very knowledgeable and helpful .
0	if i could , i would not even put one star for this place .
1	staff was courteous and the place had a good old time atmosphere .
0	they tried to charge me $ _num_ for _num_ hours of labor .
1	view was nice , service was perfect , and the meal was divine .
0	whatever you do -- do not stay at this hospital !
1	as like last year , mark did a fantastic job on our taxes .
0	this place used to be great , but it fell terribly downhill .
1	thank you to all the nurses in the pediatric ward .
0	i ended up having to scramble and drive myself to the airport .
1	dr. edwards is amazing .
0	i 'm so disappointed with the staff .
1	a small treasure of charlotte .
0	and the hotel sucks .
1	plus adorable penguins !
0	teenagers are walking around in the middle of the night being loud .
1	consistent quality and service .
0	i never in a million years thought they could make the food worse .
1	the modern cafe is great .
0	if u r n a hurry skip this place .
1	was n't sure what to expect , but the food was excellent .
0	not a feeling you should let your client 's feel .
1	really great signature drinks as well .
0	the clam chowder was just ok .
1	my friend had the new york strip and it melted in your mouth !
0	wine pour was skimpy .
1	best pizza crust ever !
0	i felt rushed though .
1	bonus !
0	he said ok and walked to the back .
1	the owner is friendly and enjoys chatting .
0	none of the interior lights work .
1	we loved the mozzarella bites .
0	but it 's the food that would deter me from coming back .
1	so yummy !
0	the menu says $ _num_ for a 1/2 pint !
1	this big lots is what it is .
0	i did and feel very sorry over this .
1	she does cuts , styles and color .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	the hyundai folks are great and work really hard to please .
0	i 'm given my keys and i go to my room .
1	it was very sweet .
0	there was only meat and cheese on them .
1	when i call to book my appointment they always manage to fit me in .
0	it 's steelers like this they give legitimate dealers a bad name .
1	the restrooms are clean and well maintained .
0	worst place i 've ever lived !
1	love the mahi tacos !
0	i could tell that he never looked at my microwave .
1	i prefer real butter .
0	this location always is horrible when it comes to service and food .
1	their pretzel battered fish fry is phenomenal .
0	very uncomfortable place to be in .
1	i got a full color and cut and it was exactly what i wanted .
0	the appointment was at _num_ am so i brought the car in .
1	the best experience i 've ever had at a nail salon , hands down !
0	they were inedible - overcooked to death and hard as a rock .
1	she is the greatest thing since sliced bread when you need a smile !
0	typical low class residents , guests and especially `` management '' .
1	they are extremely nice and even funny !
0	omg i 've worked soooo hard for you .
1	love their fajitas .
0	they said the wait time for our food was _num_ minutes .
1	warm , soft and melt in your mouth with a little butter .
0	i always feel rushed and my questions are not answered .
1	cheese was delicious !
0	really , i felt like crying .
1	it 's awesome .
0	epic fail on this entree .
1	this is my favorite thai restaurant in pittsburgh .
0	i just had one of the most disrespectful and disappointing experiences at alta vista .
1	love this hotel !
0	worst experience ever !
1	great place for lunch or someplace to stop by and snack on some stuff .
0	i went in this saturday morning hoping to avoid the lines at home depot .
1	he is a great guy with a great sense of humor .
0	lunch service was slower than expected - only _num_ servers but with _num_ parties .
1	this is our favorite spot to dine for sure .
0	i cant even begin to express how livid i am right now .
1	the most authentic japanese food in arizona .
0	did n't wash , did n't wear gloves .
1	we are very please with the outcome .
0	it is embarrassing to be spoken to like i am an in idiot .
1	i got a design with my pedi .
0	they did not seem to care about what happened whatsoever .
1	servers here are very nice and personable .
0	gross !
1	best burger i 've had in the city .
0	i will not go back .
1	their bagels are still better than other places .
0	we will not return to sushi on shea .
1	very clean and quick technique .
0	we 'll not go back here again for any item .
1	the meals are large , tasty with a nice warm atmosphere .
0	this place was n't busy , only _num_ other tables with diners at them .
1	but other than that i had so much fun while there .
0	my daughter made me come but next time i 'll put my foot down .
1	i especially love food , and the service !
0	the doctors are a joke , so is the staff .
1	worth is for me !
0	there are no words to describe how completely mortified i was .
1	the place was very clean and the staff quite friendly and helpful .
0	the pharmacy is slow !
1	ca n't say it 's the best around just yet but good enough .
0	the problem was the dry and hard food .
1	this place was amazing .
0	this is ridiculous .
1	if you 're riding in the summer , i recommend 7am or night rides .
0	they may have been nice _num_ months ago but they sure are n't now !
1	i will recommend d & b be to anyone !
0	i did n't get what i ordered .
1	luckily the food is so good , i keep going back .
0	i strongly suggest not going to this practice .
1	it 's comfortable and very home like .
0	discount pays for this repair only through network .
1	this place is pretty good .
0	our waitress was rude .
1	tuesday 's and wednesday are good along with friday .
0	service horrible in oasis , even when paying extra $ _num_ for a cabana .
1	it 's intimate and inviting , and never disappoints !
0	too bad i used to like that place .
1	a fair price & good selection of colors !
0	so i guess i did a good job at picking out the wine .
1	they were pretty quick and got the job done .
0	the comps are also really bad but are getting better .
1	the salad was great and plenty .
0	)
1	not only do they do ups but us mail as well .
0	my bagel had no chew whatsoever .
1	great , fair price , nice people .
0	that 's ridiculous .
1	amazing wine selection .
0	if i could , i would not even give the food _num_ star .
1	lol omg two thumbs up all the way .
0	go to pick everything up , and no chicken wings or garlic knots .
1	the staff is very friendly and courteous .
0	literally that 's what i said after one bite .
1	favorite sandwich , their croque madame .
0	service mediocre .
1	my favorite most reliable place to have my nails done .
0	we drank water and paid over $ _num_ for this evening .
1	they are by far the best tacos i 've had here in phoenix .
0	i 'm not a big fan of this airport .
1	he 's always been the best barber .
0	too bad , was a pretty good pie .
1	it will be even better as the months go .
0	it will be a long while before i come here again .
1	either way , it was damn delicious .
0	the noodles were so over-cooked that they were falling apart into tiny pieces .
1	all you can eat sushi is a plus !
0	my boyfriends meal ( forget what he got ) was no better .
1	thanks for all your help .
0	i 'm highly disappointed in the service given .
1	this place is great !
0	when we got there at 6pm the place was empty .
1	very friendly driver named pete , and another clean cab .
0	stop calling me !
1	i highly recommend this place !
0	my first mistake was to order anything from the kitchen .
1	it 's not fancy but it is wonderful !
0	the pizza was soggy and just tasted of garlic .
1	my standby , green bean shaved ice , is good as well .
0	now , the space itself is nothing special .
1	their pizza is really good .
0	pizza is alright but seriously the staff is the worst .
1	it 's the kind of pastry i love and missed .
0	that rubbed me the wrong way .
1	the food is spectacular .
0	once again unnecessary .
1	love the band with the kids .
0	i went here last night with a party of _num_ .
1	the french toast was very good , with a vanilla flavor .
0	poor customer service !
1	best salsa in az !
0	tv : old , i mean old from the early _num_ 's .
1	taco tuesday is the best .
0	usually i would n't mind paying an extra $ _num_ .
1	correct , tasty and hot !
0	ridiculous is how to best describe the buffets .
1	when i picked her up she looked perfect !
0	disgusting !
1	fun experience and tasty food !
0	the atmosphere was mixed , children playing along side adults .
1	as good as it gets ... .
0	ugh .
1	i would want my crack to be these amazing donuts !
0	extremely disappointed !
1	is exactly what i hoped for , and the calzone was excellent too .
0	it seems as if they want to make it an unpleasant experience for you .
1	plus , the country store smells so good when you walk in !
0	the park lunch was n't as relaxing after this incident .
1	quite a fascinating story .
0	threw it in the trash and went elsewhere .
1	food was fresh and excellent , and salsa and chips .
0	however , the service was terrible !
1	they use fresh ingredients and the pizza is absolutely amazing .
0	this is not fast food .
1	bread was good .
0	Neutral
1	we had a lovely soak here .
0	warn anyone you see who is being towed by them .
1	highly recommended !
0	my scallops smelled funny and tasted bad .
1	the service is always prompt and excellent .
0	not impressed ; i do not recommend .
1	the mall itself is clean , and well maintained .
0	the food was definitely not worth the wait or price .
1	i joined a few weeks ago and simply love it !
0	we basically switched tables _num_ times .
1	great coffee & great service .
0	i will not be returning .
1	i had a ruben and some fries and it was really good !
0	maybe this qualified for one star .
1	this time they had home made potato chips and they were great !
0	it was so disgusting and nasty .
1	this is a great zoo for all ages .
0	if you want sushi , there are better places nearby .
1	i always enjoy this yummy comfort food !
0	it seems like this is a trend with these guys .
1	fair price !
0	we had to walk up to the register and get it ourselves .
1	we did once and it wasnt the best .
0	it 's mothers day and i am here with my only _num_ children .
1	at another price it 'd still be good .
0	it 's so horrible .
1	steak cooked perfectly .
0	me and the husband walk into the store .
1	i usually get the italian with chips and their special made ice teas .
0	no wonder this place is empty on a friday night !
1	the new office is amazing !
0	first time : bad haircut .
1	the ranch dressing is home-made and delicious .
0	the eggrolls were filled with cheap veggies .
1	aunt donna 's groomers are great with our dogs and excellent cuts .
0	they fixed the problem , but charged me for the fix .
1	the food was very good and the chips were fantastic .
0	this is the worst break masters in town .
1	fantastic spot , try the smoked brisket hash !
0	i looked for something online , the site said it was in stock here .
1	what an amazing experience !
0	but when your 're trying to find something with no success .
1	the mousse was a great way to end the meal , though !
0	this cleaners has become an over priced poorly managed cleaners .
1	he listens , takes time , and respects his patients .
0	shame on you marriott .
1	there are also great frozen dinners for home and great food ideas for parties .
0	it 's probably worse than it sounds .
1	love the veggie chips !
0	not sure why still shows up on yelp places .
1	a very pleasant and affordable experience .
0	they failed to follow instructions .
1	great spot when you are super hungry !
0	the hollandaise was dull and thick , just not good at all .
1	worth eating there on every opportunity .
0	a week later , i started hearing the noise again .
1	this place is truly a saloon and a phoenix landmark .
0	no bueno .
1	great food here .
0	ice cream is just ok imo and overpriced for the quality .
1	there is also good service .
0	- worst fish and chips imaginable .
1	they even told me where the best mexican restaurant in town is .
0	calm , courteous , and professional she found several options within my budget .
1	the lobby is big and inviting and there 's free coffee and wi-fi .
0	can we say , `` rip-off ? ''
1	for me free is always good .
0	i probably wo n't be back ever again .
1	love love love this place !
0	avoid their restrooms .
1	always courteous and always fast service .
0	the place was basically empty , only _num_ tables had people sitting .
1	i definitely recommend sun city animal hospital for all of your pet needs .
0	service is slow but usually friendly .
1	i have a new favorite place when i visit pittsburg .
0	ok we have to pay for cornbread , no biggie for a cause .
1	these donuts are freaking awesome !
0	this place should be lucky anyone has walked in and kiss my feet .
1	food was good , service was great .
0	will not be back .
1	service is among the best .
0	at this point we were already ready to go .
1	great food !
0	maintenance is a joke at this place .
1	the best chinese food in the valley !
0	i was told sour cream was on the burrito .
1	and , the deli meat is boar 's head , the best !
0	a bit dissappointed that their hours were totally wrong .
1	this restaurant is beautiful with all the wood and all the little details .
0	from there it only went downhill .
1	the place is a nice very casual place to eat ... .
0	this place is sort of gross .
1	i enjoyed this restaurant .
0	i ordered the chicken bryan and the presentation was sloppy .
1	thank you to the staff for making us enjoy our visit .
0	_num_ .
1	since their redo , i have been loving this place .
0	my meal had all the correct ingredients , but the wrong proportions .
1	great price for great work .
0	the only thing i found appealing were the re fried beans .
1	best bagel i 've had outside of new york .
0	no apology .
1	i had lunch here today with some friends from work .
0	maybe that 's why the parking lot was empty ... .
1	huge sandwiches and your general fried bar food .
0	this is a depressing coffee shop .
1	my job is super close to it .
0	we have been buying our dog food from here for years .
1	i 'm a big fan of ronald 's .
0	however , the service here is horrible .
1	this makes the place a truly excellent value .
0	there is no wifi at the starbucks .
1	love this place !
0	what a waste of money .
1	but i will hand it over to the folks at belk 's shoe repair .
0	rude !
1	flowing , colorful , and insanely comfortable in steamy weather .
0	the ice cream itself is nothing special .
1	i highly recommend it for a first timer .
0	that 's plain price shopping .
1	bean soup delicious .
0	this is exactly what i was trying to avoid .
1	service is attentive and sometimes different servers check on you .
0	so dry like eating cardboard .
1	good food .
0	do not go here !
1	very nice staff as well !
0	worst shopping experience ever !
1	i really like this place .
0	i 'm truly blown away .
1	well , i have to admit , i 'm a regular here .
0	my last three pork sandwiches were soggy and gross .
1	friendly staff .
0	so they really do n't give a crap .
1	good coffees with soy milk available .
0	just an uncomfortable cycle .
1	i have nothing but good comments and high praises .
0	manager said no problem .
1	`` it 's like an orgasm in my mouth ! ''
0	my dad had the turkey cranberry and there were bones in it .
1	good luck !
0	nothing here was as shiny as the build up to the place .
1	rolled tacos please !
0	sorry to see it tank .
1	great prices .
0	waited to be seated and told the were out of chips .
1	this is definitely one of my favorite restaurants of all time .
0	it was hands-down the worst carnitas burrito i 've ever had in my life .
1	it is also in a very convenient location as well !
0	having to wait a long time for just my drink .
1	thank you cruise america !
0	i will most likely not return to this restaurant unless everything else is closed .
1	sing high 's pork fried rice is the best i have ever had .
0	horrible place to buy a car !
1	definitely a good place to go !
0	bottom line is , do n't waste your time or your money .
1	i really love the products and service i have received from boxed greens .
0	the rolls were handled by a hispanic sushi chef .
1	they sometimes have live music , so it 's a nice atmosphere .
0	just terrible , trying to take advantage of people .
1	wow .
0	first they gave trashy apartment without cleaning .
1	loved the maki sushi rolls .
0	by far the biggest disappointment i 've experienced dinning out .
1	this place is amazingly delicious .
0	it is as one reviewer stated like an old factory break room .
1	i love it here , ca n't complain .
0	all in all , not a great experience .
1	still my favorite craft brew and a bite stop !
0	it 's like curry chicken without the chicken or anything else , just liquid .
1	the staff is super friendly and genuinely love animals .
0	we sent it back and he ordered a different drink instead .
1	they have a good selection of chips and also make fresh baked cookies .
0	place is very run down .
1	his name is james and he was great .
0	just threw it all in the trash .
1	drinks are good .
0	first off my husband and i went to dinner here on a thursday night .
1	overall pretty solid sushi joint .
0	the breaded mushrooms were undercooked ( not just cold ) and still doughy .
1	i love their bbq chicken with fried okra and sweet sauce !
0	there is a crappy little pool of you like being watched by seedy people .
1	as promised , steve hooked it up .
0	they are never polite and courteous .
1	made everything relaxing , & fast an easy !
0	-- refried beans go the same way .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
0	so awful .
1	came back to this place for another time .
0	disappointing !
1	thanks !
0	$ _num_ for something that lasts a week .
1	village pub is a great place with excellent service !
0	she was unable to readily diagnose my condition .
1	chicken sandwich is good , always fresh vegetables !
0	they never even attempted to contact us to at least apologize .
1	wait , cute nails , good price & a half back massage !
0	i will never return to this place .
1	hands down , the best plastic surgeon in charlotte .
0	not going back again until they remodel their looks .
1	for the most part the staff is super inviting and `` welcoming '' .
0	the beer and food falls a bit flat .
1	better than the three and a half score they currently have .
0	meh .
1	this place is awesome .
0	thumbs down .
1	delicious and creative .
0	poor quality .
1	it is the best !
0	and it had a bunch of fluff from another fabric which was darker .
1	friendly service .
0	the worse i have had in a long time .
1	best chinese place everywhere !
0	i tried housekeeping and every other button and it was busy .
1	overall everything was wonderful and we will be back again .
0	perhaps leftovers from the _num_ steakhouse sale .
1	this place really is heaven .
0	at this point myself , and a few other people got refunds and left .
1	highly recommend booking a group package to get all the extra goodies .
0	not even a speedy checkout open for us with _num_ small grocery items .
1	food is available during limited hours , but is all outstanding .
0	office max , your level of customer service is unacceptable .
1	my wife had the scallop salad which was also excellent .
0	based on the reviews , this place sounded like a home run .
1	always good to eat there !
0	but no .
1	i was very impressed by the way this salon is operated .
0	they were good when they were gas carts .
1	bread was perfect .
0	pie is $ _num_ a slice .
1	the people working there are very friendly and helpful .
0	the cashier got very aggressive and told is , `` i 'm not rude .
1	great experience !
0	they are liars and will lie about everything to keep your deposit .
1	very dependable , honest and expedient service .
0	we asked for napkins twice to no avail .
1	we 'll definitely come see her again !
0	_num_ .
1	i highly recommend dr. cohen to anyone !
0	chili - there was sugar in the recipe .
1	these guy 's are awesome !
0	the only reason we stayed here was for oyster bar .
1	i 'm so glad i did !
0	they eventually printed out another one with much trouble .
1	i had a carne asada which tasted charred and had great flavor .
0	your stuff will be _num_ weeks late , with broken and missing items .
1	great job !
0	seriously are there any class action law suits happening with cox ?
1	amazing !
0	i asked for a combo gave me no fries and no drink .
1	it 's now september and my brakes work great !
0	she said `` ok '' and left and did n't return .
1	excellent customer service !
0	almost _num_ minutes before we got our food .
1	best bagels i 've ever had !
0	maybe they should teach their employees what they r talking about !
1	a definite favorite .
0	when two weeks go by , i called to check in .
1	this was mine and my husband 's favorite date spot .
0	i guess ihop lost my business i will go to dennys from now on .
1	i moved to ca and upon my return i felt so welcomed back !
0	this place is _num_ star all the way .
1	compared to other detail shops i have used they are definitely top notch .
0	they all look overworked and miserable .
1	the food was delicious , the rye bread is awesome .
0	third the quality of the food was horrible .
1	the electronics in the car are amazing .
0	my husband and i stopped by for lunch today .
1	i have no complaints ... .
0	while not on par with new orleans , it 's not without charm .
1	all of the food is delicious .
0	they actually made me cry .
1	just good pizza at a fair price .
0	i went here for lunch last week .
1	server was really personable and nice .
0	it was n't my favorite .
1	service was quite fast and very friendly .
0	no , it 's not ok .
1	the staff was so kind and helpful .
0	if i could rate it a negative _num_ stars , i would .
1	i absolutely love the salon and the stylists are all amazing !
0	the service was very poor .
1	excellent quality .
0	then met up with carlos _num_ week later to go over designs etc .
1	also had small order of chicken wings -- right amount of hot spice .
0	i felt yelp was a better forum .
1	best of all lifetime guarantee !
0	needless to say we 'll try the place again .
1	now one of our `` go to '' places for breakfast and lunch .
0	absolutely ridiculous establishment .
1	overall , best quality for the price .
0	like a lot of places the prices went up & less food !
1	the food is pretty good too .
0	was getting ready to get up and leave .
1	overall , nice decor , friendly staff , family friendly and great food !
0	even with this voucher i feel like i paid too much money .
1	all in all pretty good , just occasionally takes some patience .
0	horrible service !
1	she also does waxing .
0	_num_ .
1	the bag lady is a great store with a great vibe .
0	very disappointed in these guys service .
1	really love all of you ... .
0	throughout my entire visit he did not say a single thing to me .
1	the entire atmosphere of this place was perfect for any group function .
0	pissed .
1	great place , good price .
0	do not take your pets to banfield !
1	the serving sizes are generous .
0	my sister took her van in yesterday because it was running a little rough .
1	i ordered a wild boar burger instead .
0	it threw me off bangs for a long time !
1	thank you autonation toyota .
0	$ _num_ a piece for an onion ring ?
1	i just had a wonderful experience at dilworth !
0	i do not believe anything about this place was honest .
1	the vegetables were crisp and fresh .
0	there was a gentleman smoking outside creepy looking and went into the lobby .
1	impressed to the _num_ 's .
0	big mistake .
1	good quality food , very nice employees .
0	)
1	they serve quality gourmet food .
0	the employees , by and large , could care less about customer service .
1	lovely people own the place , too .
0	bartender was so rude .
1	nice cheese 's too .
0	not edible looking at all .
1	i recommend the famous bobby or a cheesesteak .
0	i will not return there and will not recommend anyone .
1	they are just so nice here !
0	we ordered the veggie plate and tried all _num_ different sides .
1	this place is great !
0	i am very disappointed with sun city florist .
1	always accommodating , pick up by jeff always smiles and prompt .
0	my thumbs are tired so i 'll quit for now .
1	as for the store , it 's actually really nice .
0	no big deal .
1	danielle was wonderful .
0	fred 's excuse over and over was that he is `` busy . ''
1	the coffee is good and the food is tasty .
0	ordered chicken nuggets and french fries .
1	thanks !
0	we skip by it now .
1	this is a great locals bar .
0	it took another _num_ minutes to get our check and our food .
1	it was a great atmosphere in market square in the middle of pittsburgh .
0	i 'd never go back .
1	great service , nice marble tables and decor .
0	no lady , you did n't give .
1	the servers are so nice and accommodating .
0	horrible !
1	the massage was good .
0	i tried to eat the chicken but it was nasty and fatty .
1	one of best pizza 's i ever had .
0	seriously ?
1	the setting is great !
0	after _num_ more minutes , i noticed nobody was cooking any food .
1	delicious , juicy , amazing chicken .
0	_num_ .
1	always love a coffee shop in an old house .
0	husband and i went there for breakfast on a sunday morning .
1	she calls it as she sees it and i think that 's great .
0	every time i come in to this location i always get followed around .
1	the queso was so good as were the steak fajitas !
0	google it , it 's pretty nasty .
1	pros - this place is so good !
0	went to thai house on a thursday around 8pm .
1	amazing place to enjoy wine and a variety of tasty bruschetta .
0	first , i had not given her the address .
1	just one more reason i love this place .
0	kind of wish they would put another restaurant in rotation .
1	i would recommend sitting on the patio and enjoy the great charlotte weather .
0	this is not a friendly place for someone looking to discover new places .
1	morning or night , it has the perfect ambiance and great service .
0	worst service and they 're just all looking to rip people off !
1	love this place !
0	after some time , she brought out our drinks .
1	was a super memorable evening .
0	the tacos were decent but the rice and beans were horrible .
1	honestly , it 's just as beautiful as the famous cemetery in paris .
0	not sure what happened and it 's a shame !
1	i always leave this place happy and satisfied .
0	i should n't have to drive back because of their mistake .
1	i will actually be back .
0	food sucked and the service was very bad .
1	the food is so good and always consistant .
0	pricey too at $ _num_ for a loaf of honey whole wheat .
1	the alfredo sauce was rich and creamy .
0	even ribs that should 've fallen off the bone were tough and harsh .
1	wife had the salmon ... delicious !
0	my wife ordered sausage and eggs .
1	i got exactly what i needed with no issues !
0	this is the third time in a row , we will not be returning !
1	traditional chinese atmosphere with welcoming service !
0	the bathroom clearly had not been cleaned .
1	i felt like having a nice dinner in mexico .
0	sashimi salad was a little on the spicy side .
1	she listened to how i like to my eyebrows and did great .
0	this the second time i have spent $ _num_ and got nothing for it .
1	everyone in the shop is nice and the atmosphere is very laid back .
0	would not recommend this for a long stay .
1	this is one of my favorite places to go .
0	i 'm skeptical though .
1	awesome !
0	they will be here tomorrow and how would i like to pay for it ?
1	their guacamole had a strong cilantro taste .
0	people are not honest and has the worst customer service .
1	food is fresh and very tasty .
0	this is boring .
1	i always add pickles and jalapeos to my salad !
0	the bacon was greasy and the sausages tasted old .
1	perfect with a good beer .
0	otherwise i 'm holding out for the new laser tag place that just opened .
1	would recommend their margaritas !
0	most everything was bland .
1	the family who runs it are really nice and hospitable .
0	told `` i 'm not your server , sorry . ''
1	they are so clean , and i feel very comfortable working out .
0	take your business elsewhere , seriously .
1	the perfect dive bar .
0	most horrible customer service .
1	this place is great !
0	nothing at this location .
1	good fresh food ... big servings .
0	they were not prepared for our arrival .
1	heaven !
0	i do n't know what 's been wrong .
1	friendly and courteous staff .
0	also , a clogged shower drain .
1	it 's unbelievably delicious and worth ever penny !
0	why does any child care about that ? )
1	they are great and taste way better .
0	empty lobby .
1	so great !
0	i 'm in customer service and these people were ridiculous .
1	the food was great .
0	she made all of us feel like we were an inconvenience to her .
1	will definitely be back again .
0	we ordered a shrimp scampi and _num_ cheeseburgers .
1	the alfredo was perfect .
0	then he handed me an invoice for almost $ _num_ for one new tire .
1	food is solid , atmosphere is on point .
0	i will never stop in here again .
1	simple menu , high quality made to order food .
0	seems like the dude has a history of bad service .
1	thanks and will be back again !
0	my husband and i looked at each other wondering , huh ?
1	a+ , thanks so much for the quick service and new iphone _num_ screen .
0	i gave him my money and left that mad house !
1	the people are super nice and great at what they do .
0	if it were on the strip it would be out of place .
1	thanks , yelp , for bringing us here !
0	the crust was mediocre .
1	but , the after dinner or before movie treats here are very good .
0	do n't come here for pizza it is low quality non ny style food .
1	just the best vet in the area .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	worth a look if you are in the area .
0	stale , old looking items on the salad bar .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in charlotte !
0	at this point all i wanted was my money to be returned .
1	she has been so hospitable and friendly .
0	when i asked why owner said because is my store .
1	good music great customer service and the food was perfect .
0	i wish i had more than _num_ bites of them .
1	very reasonable timing .
0	she did n't introduce herself the entire time .
1	the guys are always super friendly !
0	if it is on the way , then sure , stop by .
1	excellent every time .
0	came with chips , fried potatoes and something else i ca n't recall .
1	thank you !
0	came here the other day and i honestly feel like this place is overrated .
1	food is above average for a bar , especially the middle eastern selections .
0	Positive
1	best pizza in charlotte !
0	why do they always give me cold fries here ?
1	the food smells delicious here and it was .
0	it was very inconvenient and annoying , but that is resolved .
1	it is creamy , thick , and packed with flavor .
0	they are officially on the back end of my list of best delis .
1	it looks like i will be going here often for the nice warming soups .
0	but not quite .
1	it certainly tasted like that . )
0	how do you f up a quesadilla , guys ?
1	beautiful .
0	service so poor they never even got to cut my son 's hair .
1	the food is delicious and wine nicely paired with each entree is a plus .
0	... as long as the ( i 'm assuming ) manager is n't there .
1	omg , awesome wings !
0	the band is too loud .
1	good value .
0	for the dough , go to disney .
1	i have been several times and always a good choice .
0	after discussing things with the manager , he refunded half of our $ .
1	i got the apple fritter the first day .
0	i rescheduled for 1:30 on a saturday .
1	it 's all so good !
0	it 's very loud , unclean and humans there buy everything .
1	it is a nice little place to come to for lunch .
0	with all the hype and advertising it was only natural to try outback .
1	allison was the bartender and she was excellent !
0	they really need to hire a server who is not _num_ years old .
1	very friendly , and approachable .
0	after waiting for a time , i walked out .
1	we always leave full and happy !
0	i usually sit with the other chef but even so i feel uncomfortable .
1	so happy !
0	another coworker complained about the steak not being cooked right .
1	the back patio is so lovely with the lights and golf course view .
0	i wanted to like it , but i just did not like the food .
1	this place is amazing !
0	the downtown office has ruined america 's best for me forever .
1	there are three levels of spice : mild , medium and spicy .
0	no one will ever get sick of names like diamond or sapphire .
1	our first time there , the bartender was great .
0	admittedly , i did n't actually order any chicken .
1	the food has a home made feel to it !
0	_num_ stars for customer service & a checkin offer .
1	the salmon with pesto was fantastic .
0	this is shady horrific .
1	thanks lisa !
0	i take a couple of bites of food , but am too distracted .
1	there 's plenty on their menu to keep you coming back too .
0	downside , they use processed white wheat when they make the food .
1	very tasty !
0	i do n't know how this keeps happening .
1	this is a really nice little rubio 's .
0	i would still never bring another car there again .
1	the service was also very good .
0	it was way too hot in there and it was cold outside .
1	great , quick dinner .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	give it a try !
0	this is the worst strip club in vegas !
1	the teachers here are fantastic and down to earth .
0	this gave me plenty of time to wander around phoenix sky harbor .
1	food was good and at a good price .
0	( but , i am struggling to think of worse ice cream . )
1	it was my first time here and i was very impressed .
0	i also feel sad as i love to support the y .
1	i genuinely love coming here every time i can make it to charlotte .
0	food and service are below average for this price level , period .
1	this nail salon will definitely not disappoint !
0	he said it tasted bland .
1	also , omg ... .
0	sorry our system is down you will need to reschedule for tomorrow '' .
1	highly recommend .
0	the chocolate cake was unremarkable .
1	overall a great stay for a good price .
0	the only good thing about tonight 's experience was the waiter , bryan .
1	and it turns out it is right down the street from my house !
0	horrible customer service !
1	the food was great !
0	lame .
1	very friendly and attentive workers .
0	so rude !
1	menu has many delicious choices .
0	i also got the chicken fingers , ugh , so bad .
1	i was so happy to see that patti was still there .
0	was it to get money from my insurance company ?
1	they have the best ranch dressing that i have ever had !
0	sharing food is a strict no .
1	i love the modern cafe .
0	the groomer was not friendly at all .
1	and they were all so happy !
0	i had the same problem on my laptop , ipad and iphone .
1	reasonably priced with free chips and salsa which were also very good .
0	i will not be back .
1	but it really was n't too long , but free coupons are always nice .
0	my therapist greeted me on time and took my back to the room .
1	i recommend the chick parm !
0	alas , they never showed up for the appointment .
1	fries are made fresh cut in house .
0	i can get a hot drink elsewhere .
1	thanks jack .
0	ill try them again sometime .
1	very reasonable !
0	i 'm not even sure where to start with the complaints !
1	the spa was clean and very accommodating .
0	so cold .
1	their ranch dressing is delicious .
0	called the next day and was assured a manager would call me immediately .
1	great service and more than fair pricing .
0	it was gross .
1	it 's kind of a nostalgic sort of place with memorabilia on the walls .
0	by far , the most disgusting hotel room i 've ever stayed in .
1	it was a beautiful sight .
0	the chemical smell in there is so strong my mother had to leave .
1	my favorite deli in town .
0	too many fails for the least acceptable reason .
1	everyone is so kind and caring .
0	the tables the floors the walls just gross dirty .
1	i will recommend select auto body from this point on !
0	the place looks nice but the service is ridiculously slow .
1	great care , staff and follow up .
0	just left this location .
1	our service was spot on as well .
0	would never go back and do not recommend !
1	they 're funny and helpful .
0	let me tell you about my bad experience first .
1	a nice `` once in awhile '' treat .
0	bad day today .
1	great dentist .
0	there is nothing i consider redeeming by this place .
1	this place is great .
0	i would n't even feed this food to my dog .
1	extremely grateful for all the kind hearted , professional individuals that work here .
0	looks like it is under new management since last time i visited .
1	very friendly , nice people .
0	try some place else !
1	peter the chef is terrific and the owner is sweet and very nice !
0	the rice , for instance , was the worst i have ever eaten .
1	my husband and i ate here after church and it was delicious !
0	however that being said they do rip you off on the lobster and oysters .
1	animal hospital because our old vet recommended it .
0	and the quality of them are bad .
1	honestly had the best burger ever !
0	very hit or miss .
1	will definitely order again next time i 'm in town !
0	my coffee was weak .
1	he really knows his stuff and does a great job .
0	i have waited so long the i just left without anything .
1	the servers are a blast .
0	just was n't a fan .
1	good service.
0	again , the stacked beef enchilada 's were void of any flavor at all !
1	pleasant surprise .
0	i love prime rib but this was the worse prime rib ever .
1	nice people .
0	it was not worth $ _num_ , the variety of food was real limited .
1	love this place , very friendly service .
0	racist a $ $ holes .
1	everything here is so good !
0	they place no value on customer satisfaction .
1	ordered a lemon cake for a dinner party .
0	he still never took me off it .
1	i love this gym , its where i got my passion for health .
0	time after time this store continues to disappoint .
1	huge portions and so yummy !
0	_num_ stars .
1	i have three units and one is very old .
0	the flavorless meat drowned in sauce is not acceptable for any real barbecue lover .
1	i was referred by a very good friend and neighbor .
0	i demanded my money back .
1	definitely my go-to pizza place !
0	no tip for dam sure ... .
1	super sicilian was a solid sub .
0	we almost walked out , but decided we will give them one last shot .
1	bread is great and loved the chicken .
0	it 's terrible to call customers and attack them lol .
1	mussels marinara outstanding as well as their seafood salad loaded with fresh goodness .
0	i do n't like the idea .
1	the food is excellent !
0	restaurant was empty .
1	love sitting outside and watching the older italian guys play cards .
0	if you do n't either , do n't go to this club .
1	great way to treat your hard working face !
0	i had an appointment and was told one hour , maybe a little longer .
1	the food here is really good and has great flavor .
0	not the service or the food .
1	great place clean friendly always i am very glad my partner signed us up .
0	not a huge fan of dim sum .
1	exceptional .
0	all that cost me $ _num_ .
1	great friendly staff , wonderful food !
0	everyone has off days , i get it .
1	service is generally pretty good .
0	yes , my food was tasty ( _num_ on a scale of 1-10 ) .
1	perry has a very professional , trustworthy and efficient team .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	the work was very high quality .
0	_num_ ) the insurance they sell is almost worthless .
1	the bloody mary was not spicy but it was very good .
0	all in all this meal was just sad !
1	the carts that pass by .
0	we got italian dressing and baked potato soup .
1	had _num_ of us and we got seated right away .
0	wrong !
1	numerous choices all fantastic .
0	food there is ok , nothing special .
1	pretty good place , and the price is good for all that you get .
0	marigold kitchen ... you should be ashamed .
1	very nice place !
0	the food is equally terrible .
1	the front desk crew is friendly , informative , and trustworthy .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	unbelievably good and authentic cuban food .
0	stood there again for _num_ min .
1	and boy are they good .
0	do not deal with these people .
1	this place always delivers consistently amazing food .
0	they are only friendly to customers they know .
1	food is reliably good .
0	would have tried it if they did n't only accept cash as payment .
1	and she has great prices , very friendly and clean place .
0	i would not recommend .
1	awesome pool , great staff , pristine grounds .
0	a little salt and pepper goes a long way .
1	staff was accommodating and very friendly .
0	it just did n't taste right - sour , old , something was off .
1	they are amazing as well .
0	what a waste of money !
1	this place is awesome .
0	almost to the point of being too much .
1	this place is great .
0	it was gross and i lost my appetite as did my brother and mom .
1	the staff is friendly .
0	the chicken was really cold and the nachos were dry .
1	so delicious !
0	staff is slow .
1	the most amazing food ever !
0	if you want to watch sports here , get here _num_ hours early .
1	the staff is uber friendly and they pour their drinks pretty strong .
0	he said they were very disorganized when he was there , bad service .
1	good music .
0	my husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked .
1	excellent turtle sundae .
0	she came out and spoke to the driver about lack of directions .
1	great wings and great pizza for a fair price .
0	slow service , cold food & nasty bathrooms !
1	clean and affordable .
0	cashier checks our card out before we can give tip .
1	a little pricey but its delicious .
0	f my life .
1	all the staff are very friendly and treat you like family .
0	when i drove up i noticed so many people outside just sitting around .
1	the staff was awesome , friendly and professional .
0	finally gets my order right , does not offer a discount or apology .
1	great experience today with the pima dental team and dr. schwartz !
0	i could see spices but could n't taste anything .
1	she 's the best !
0	`` dude , i just said _num_ . ''
1	awesome !
0	the chicken was just so , blah .
1	menu is unique and delicious !
0	they do n't even have white sauce ... like japanese say what .
1	great place to get a piercing .
0	rosa his sister and office manager is so rude .
1	i liked the laid back and fun environment though .
0	finally i get my receipt it shows the price _num_ .
1	if you 're a fan of cajun food you 'll like it here .
0	the service here is awful .
1	and the bathrooms are so adorable !
0	did n't seem very interested in serving me at all .
1	some of the best chinese food i have found in pittsburgh .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	i had the duck which was cooked perfectly and was delicious as well .
0	very very rude people when i called to order !
1	it was really good .
0	this place is a homeless shelter .
1	i found this place when i was staying at the hotel next door .
0	waste of my time .
1	start with the welcome burger your first time there .
0	also , staff was rude .
1	a great place to go for dinner .
0	however , if you have any standards for customer service , do n't bother .
1	sausage shaved on top ... so delicious plus they have great hot wings !
0	completely rude !
1	i would definitely recommend this place .
0	gave _num_ star because i ca n't give _num_ stars .
1	i had two cats that developed kidney problems , and they were absolutely amazing .
0	disgusting .
1	went to watch the game there and oh my it was amazing !
0	the food was below standard for anyone .
1	this place is soooooooo good !
0	lesson learned for next time .
1	i love love love barriques .
0	i really would n't recommend this place .
1	i always loved the california eggs benedict and most of the omelettes .
0	my bf said , `` no thanks , i 'll go somewhere else . ''
1	very good jamaican cuisine with an affordable lunch buffet .
0	disappointing .
1	i 'll keep going back .
0	no flavor on either - i guess they really rely on their salsa bar .
1	the arrangement was beautiful and very fresh .
0	the salsa did help but overall they were weak tacos .
1	they have always been completely honest about everything ( pros and cons ) .
0	_num_ .
1	thee most incredible orange chicken & everything else .
0	but i have been trying to eat a little healthier .
1	aj 's is a fantastic supermarket .
0	shame i paid $ _num_ to upgrade from regular fries .
1	i finally have a great late night place .
0	no one really seems to care or take pride in the store or job .
1	family owned and operated ... the owners and the kids are absolutely charming !
0	the service was incredibly slow .
1	the food and environment is exceptional .
0	if i could give it zero star , i would .
1	this toyota dealership service is first class .
0	ca n't understand how they are still in business .
1	the pomegranate green iced tea my favorite iced tea of all time .
0	( really bad beginning ) .
1	this is my favorite restaurant in all of charlotte .
0	it was absolutely horrible .
1	maybe the perfect dive bar .
0	hire some check out people please and staff appropriately !
1	i 'm so happy i found this place on yelp !
0	unfortunately for me , i took his word for it .
1	this kid to kid location has great staff .
0	sticky floors , dirty tables , soda area a wreck - yuk !
1	made fresh and always juicy .
0	what a waste of money .
1	both of you gave me fantastic hair !
0	would not waste my money here again .
1	i love this place !
0	she just stared at me and told me to wait .
1	both are excellent : very flavorful and never dry .
0	he was n't doing anything and it was not busy by any means .
1	he makes up for it in kindness .
0	but no way .
1	our favorite place in tempe for mexican .
0	slow on the water refills .
1	great guac .
0	sushi q is located in a strip mall next to a seedy liquor store .
1	all of his staff were equally impressive .
0	no drinks and no bread .
1	he was very helpful with lots of great info .
0	know your route and it 'll be worth the $ _num_ cab ride .
1	food was on point , so good.
0	it was a major craving during my wife 's pregnancy .
1	great first experience !
0	what 's the worst that can happen ?
1	staff is friendly too .
0	are the trying to rip off the owner and pocket that money ?
1	the best gyros we 've ever had !
0	gluten free asian fusion is not difficult .
1	i loved all of the toppings in it .
0	service was slow for being not too busy on a friday night .
1	staff was friendly and the service was fantastic .
0	save your money , and do n't go here .
1	the people are normally very nice .
0	he could n't have been less concerned about serving us .
1	the women who taught the class was great .
0	$ _num_ each ?
1	on time , professional , friendly .
0	do n't go in the drive thru if there are more than _num_ cars .
1	the bbq here was unbelievably good !
0	the pasta was more than al dente , but still good .
1	quite beautiful , challenging , fair and really well maintained .
0	served with grilled pineapple salsa and our signature jalapeno jelly . ''
1	i love this place !
0	their prices are cheap , and our food was just ok .
1	i 've been here twice and i 'll keep coming !
0	the service was sooo slow .
1	beautiful interiors with stain glass and candles .
0	i 've eaten good gyros , so-so gyros , bad gyros and this trash .
1	i love this subway !
0	tried the pulled pork sandwich , rib tips , and potato salad .
1	i ordered the spring rolls , egg rolls and the pho special .
0	there should be for groomers as well .
1	the food is served fresh , fast , warm and by a friendly staff .
0	i have been a steelers fan as long as i can remember .
1	this gated community is family friendly and pet friendly .
0	the smoked salmon benedict is drenched in hollandaise .
1	worth every penny .
0	total incompetence .
1	special appreciative shout out going to robert for his great work ethic and compassion .
0	based on the reviews i was excited to try this place .
1	for the greatest steak in town .
0	downright disgusting .
1	staff is super friendly too .
0	however , i was a little disappointed .
1	great and wonderful experience !
0	the waitress was really nice , i think her name was sarah .
1	service was efficient and young lady was polite too .
0	food was horrible .
1	there is a wait , but she is well worth it .
0	worst airport i have even been to .
1	witty and original .
0	rang up to _num_ $ ?
1	it 's still good .
0	poor penguin , my how the mighty have fallen .
1	yikes !
0	man this place was so dirty .
1	definitely .
0	i would n't buy a plate with my own money .
1	great food , awesome service .
0	they got there money , what do they care !
1	they were also voted among the top _num_ chinese take-out restaurants in the country !
0	okay , then let me do it now : the food was cold !
1	their fish is super fresh .
0	_num_ .
1	the decor is very nice and upscale .
0	no challenging enough because i should a _num_ over _num_ ( par _num_ ) .
1	i love this place because its where real people go to eat .
0	the soup was dreadful - sorry that was too kind it was disgusting .
1	very kind folks and super friendly .
0	i 'm disappointed with this company to say the least .
1	willy was our stone specialist and he was loads of fun !
0	undercooked chicken , slow delivery , no flavor .
1	good came promptly and it was delish !
0	going through aaa is a bit worse than your average dmv .
1	i think i received great care from her .
0	the room i stayed in had definitely seen better days .
1	great food !
0	excuse me ?
1	kudos to you , scott and crew !
0	furthermore the decor and vibe in the place is lacking .
1	try it out and taste the difference , you 'll be pleasantly surprised .
0	i 'm pissed .
1	great customer service and generous portions .
0	no one even sits on that side of the couch !
1	i love this store .
0	avoid !
1	the meats are great , and they have a bar for toppings .
0	this is ridiculous !
1	it was a very kind suggestion .
0	times are getting better , much better .
1	their burnt almond torte is delicious !
0	absolutely worst car wash !
1	some of the best i 've eaten .
0	missing one set of silverware for a party of five .
1	i will definitely be returning to this specific location !
0	since day one they have been regret than satisfaction .
1	lgo has perfected the veggie burger .
0	you could n't pay me to go back .
1	yum , yum , yum !
0	in the last couple months i have had to return defective merchandise from amazon .
1	first of all : the vegan cheese they have here is delicious .
0	different people wash and dry your hair .
1	and this place has exactly what you need .
0	ordered crab cakes , they were dry and the crab tasted old as well .
1	what a steal .
0	probably not .
1	my fianc loves the ring .
0	i know it 's two brothers i guess one is greedy over the other .
1	the veggies are so fresh .
0	so insulting !
1	wonderful people .
0	there was no root canal needed .
1	they take their time and do great work .
0	drives me nuts and has happened on _num_ separate occasions .
1	met the most coolest people there while on a weekend trip .
0	she was not only rude she had no customer service skills .
1	also their salsa is to die for !
0	instead of looking like a sticks up their butt .
1	and the chips & salsa they bring when you 're seated is quite good .
0	the shrimp and crab dip , way too creamy .
1	this place is authentically cool .
0	for $ _num_ bucks ... never , never again .
1	very good !
0	i will not be returning .
1	we absolutely love her staff and her new location !
0	at night you can sit by their nice large fire pit in comfy seating .
1	it 's a pretty large venue that has two rooms .
0	the service was more awkward than attentive .
1	i take my son here every weekend and it 's become a real tradition .
0	alright , i 'm done .
1	lots of soul !
0	everything on the plate was cold , though the plate was warm .
1	love this place .
0	no big deal .
1	yeah , that just happened .
0	double actually , one of the only japanese restaurants run by japanese people .
1	the service is excellent and the food is great .
0	i asked her for honey mustard , she didnt even hear me .
1	i love dilworth nails !
0	glass nickel , though ?
1	i am so happy to have reliable car help !
0	it 's kind of busy , but not that busy .
1	the dish that i ordered was really good it was a combination plate .
0	staff needs a little bit more customer service training .
1	the creme they put on the shave ice is fabulous !
0	the customer is always wrong here .
1	sweet ladies .
0	they are rude and the food is mediocre at best .
1	there is food is great ; all of it is great .
0	disappointing .
1	the atmosphere was pleasant and full of energy .
0	first , the soup come out really fast .
1	we will certainly order again , and recommend to others .
0	at that point , i walk out without saying a word .
1	cute restaurant in dilworth in an old home with lots of charm .
0	excited to bite in to this fresh pizza !
1	the piano player was a nice touch .
0	will not be going there again .
1	nice course , great price !
0	why the hell did i waste my time cleaning ?
1	we love macayos !
0	the pool is green and gross looking .
1	everything comes out fresh and hot .
0	he said that it was his fault for looking up wrong parts .
1	would recommend !
0	very rude !
1	what a great experience i always have .
0	they have invited me back free of charge to give them a second try .
1	we started out with the smoked salmon which was really good .
0	`` no '' - `` really ?
1	best boba tea house ever .
0	but most of the food is really just average , if not bad .
1	as well as sent many friends and family and will continue to do .
0	overall , the experience was highly disappointing .
1	well let me start by saying that i am pretty impressed with this place .
0	so i turned around and drove back to the salon .
1	it 's a popular hangout .
0	seriously , i doubt my cat would 've eaten it .
1	has it closed or moved to another concourse .
0	she read the number to me and it was n't even close to mine !
1	the service is quick and the meals are consistent .
0	i used to frequent this restaurant until what happened to me on april 3rd .
1	everyone is super sweet and i love that it is owner operated !
0	she then threw the food into the garbage and tried to take my receipt .
1	a very nicely seasoned excellent cut of meat that was perfectly cooked .
0	gives a whole new meaning to cheap chinese .
1	pretty cool spot .
0	i wo n't be trusting chinese restaurants anymore .
1	the few sushi entrees that we have tried have been very tasty and fresh .
0	Neutral
1	i was surprised how good the food was .
0	unless , of course they 're trying to up sell you on services .
1	and always friendly service .
0	not all employees are cut out to work in a customer service job .
1	been enjoying the bbq here for a long time .
0	they never fixed our things in a timely matter nor did they care too .
1	it 's a clean , calm , and professional office .
0	sorry for the poor review .
1	overall , it was a very positive experience .
0	the price i payed is not at all what i got out of it .
1	what a great place with great staff !
0	but the service was inexcusable .
1	the staff at bojangles is always friendly and polite .
0	we both had the two egg , sausage , home potatoes , and toast .
1	we love going here and consider it an event !
0	they do have bands which can have diamonds placed in them for under _num_ .
1	the interior is incredibly original and equally funky and cool .
0	this is definitely the low end of chinese food for phoenix .
1	awesome happy hour .
0	such a disgrace .
1	i was a bit worried but they really did an excellent job .
0	there should be a no star option because that 's what they deserve .
1	great place !
0	not very impressed .
1	also gave us good pricing .
0	poor customer service .
1	lovely hotel .
0	i had no choice just to fill my stomach after the long trips .
1	some co-workers brought me here for lunch and i enjoyed it very much .
0	i will never rent here again !
1	really nice atmosphere .
0	it was n't my cup of tea .
1	large large portion and the price is nice too !
0	i have three dogs and five cats and they are my children !
1	we 'll see you again soon .
0	what a disappointment .
1	i called monday morning and they were able to squeeze me in that morning !
0	it sucked shit .
1	stunning .
0	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
1	everything we had tasted fresh and perfectly seasoned .
0	but i am a little upset that they are thin and one broke already .
1	i totally recommend this place .
0	i was disappointed to say the least .
1	the service was good and speedy .
0	like i said , covered in cheese , i could hardly find the pasta .
1	excellent service and you get so much food for the price you pay .
0	so i guess if you want authentic thai food , go elsewhere .
1	great place for lunch !
0	but apparently he did n't look at my plate .
1	most often , we have lunch here .
0	need i say , i called to order for pick up .
1	this place is amazing .
0	chicken tikka masala was neither sweet nor spicy enough .
1	a vegetarians dream come true .
0	a service advisor said my car would be an hour and _num_ minutes .
1	delicious !
0	their pluses ?
1	they are all very kind and attentive to all customers .
0	the wings were much better , in my opinion .
1	will keep coming back .
0	the entire dinner was _num_ hours long .
1	it was definitely a two meal meal .
0	_num_ on your side could care less .
1	the store was clean and the service was super friendly .
0	this place had great food , but the service was horrible !
1	i really love the traditional touches and the sound system was really nice .
0	our food was very skimpy in portion for what they charge .
1	good thing we had bread to chow on .
0	one of the worst steakhouses i 've been to in madison .
1	the employees were friendly , caring , and fast !
0	horrible customer service .
1	love the food and service .
0	husband and i went tonight .
1	lgo has awesome food , quick service , and a great location .
0	its just the sauce was bad .
1	it is the best barbershop i went to so far .
0	we came , we saw , we wo n't be back .
1	the staff was friendly and attentive .
0	not the best restaurant experience .
1	double check your order , otherwise - it 's a great hidden food spot !
0	i ordered the salmon cakes with mac & cheese and yams .
1	worth it .
0	i was sad because this place is _num_ seconds from the house .
1	the establishment itself is decent .
0	for the price you pay , we will not be back .
1	happy .
0	wo n't go back .
1	staff always friendly .
0	she sent the manager over and he agreed something was wrong .
1	great idea from valet at the cosmo to come here !
0	but i was n't impressed .
1	i know my best interest is their # _num_ priority !
0	but the to-go bakery orders get messed up every time i come here .
1	we can sit and talk and indulge in great wine and food .
0	wow , now i 'm even more irritated after reading other reviews .
1	lamb shank is very good !
0	hit or miss .
1	thanks angel .
0	this place is terrible .
1	service is fast and courteous .
0	ugh .
1	fast , hot , and delicious .
0	so we decide to go last evening and man were we disappointed .
1	the massage and warm towel is his favorite .
0	he told me simply `` no guarantee '' and told me to get out .
1	great restaurant .
0	my biggest concern was the lack of friendly , attentive and concerned staff members .
1	best german sausages that i ever had .
0	_num_ minutes later i call the store because it still was n't here .
1	i will definitely refer my friends and family .
0	it was beyond horrible service .
1	the food and service were both good .
0	the entrees are horrible .
1	the food was great but andy made our night perfect !
0	i would n't complain but it just seemed very hostile .
1	Positive
0	i figured , i ca n't go wrong with that .
1	best way to end a friday , i think .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	you helped me and my fianc feel very at ease !
0	this is not an isolated incident .
1	i find a lot of good jewelry in vegas .
0	apparently they do n't like business .
1	the hummus & chicken was delicious as well .
0	rip off warning !
1	soup is awesome .
0	waited _num_ minutes thinking they were busy to be assisted with a tv .
1	i always walk out with some great finds .
0	mild sauce .
1	thanks , all !
0	too bad i ca n't give no stars .
1	decent , but not great , sushi and sashimi .
0	whoever owns this place is seeing money slip across the street .
1	very cool !
0	so gross .
1	we will be visiting this place again !
0	stylist said she works with short hair but unfortunately it did n't appear so .
1	i was very pleased with the food quality .
0	very disappointing .
1	prices for meal were excellent .
0	it was really busy on easter sunday .
1	i enjoyed my visit to the museum .
0	that 's just gross .
1	i went here to keep my wife happy once and really liked it .
0	should have stayed at the sheraton ... never again .
1	the staff in this establishment are all friendly and lively .
0	i would not want any of my friends to be treated so poorly .
1	kayla did a great job for my son 's first haircut .
0	when i travel , i tend to have things .
1	the atmosphere , service , drinks and food were all delish !
0	kitchen was good , nothing impressive , mashed potatoes seemed old and dry .
1	i highly recommend this urbana , il business !
0	so she went back and got another bun .
1	love the food the service is very friendly .
0	far too often ask you to pull around and forget to bring out food .
1	bob and zach were really friendly and provided excellent customer service .
0	i would not recommend working with them .
1	a real hidden gem .
0	on the downside , the service still was horrible in every way .
1	this is probably one of the best places i have been to .
0	there is nothing really stand out about this place .
1	yummy breakfast !
0	these poor animals were stressed out .
1	i love the food .
0	not really a large selection .
1	very friendly staff and great prices .
0	that 's fine but that is not how it was explained to me .
1	staff during my second test were also professional and personable .
0	the quality is completely gone , portions are smaller , prices higher .
1	best mexican food i 've eaten in arizona , period .
0	the empanadas were so hard you could have seriously hurt someone with them .
1	great sushi .
0	only after ordering did i take in the grimy scene .
1	they were great .
0	worst experience ever .
1	the manager alice herself came by our table and greeted us as well .
0	we wo n't be ordering from here again .
1	wait staff was nice & friendly .
0	i arrived two minutes late , checked in and sat down .
1	they were beautiful , fresh , and smelled amazing .
0	i was very disappointed in the whole visit .
1	would recommend to all my friends and family .
0	i am extremely disappointed at the customer service .
1	amazing service !
0	food : sunday brunch was not as good as i remembered it .
1	the deep dish pizza is fantastic !
0	service horrible .
1	really good tex mex joint in south end .
0	i thought the women who worked here were completely useless .
1	wow .
0	all i could taste was the overwhelming chemical , fake garlic flavor .
1	my massage was _num_ minutes and i loved it !
0	both were so bland i could have prepared a better version at home .
1	the service is always friendly and fast .
0	Negative
1	the receptionists are lovely and helpful , too .
0	_num_ .
1	very friendly , professional service .
0	i 'm going to talk to the manager , i want a full refund .
1	i enjoy all the food but especially like the carne asada plate .
0	wo n't be back again .
1	they make it really easy to do .
0	the wifi does n't ever work on the buses either .
1	nurses checked in often and took good care of me .
0	really _num_ 1/2 stars .
1	i recommend coming here .
0	mess mess mess .
1	i prefer a nice hot cup of coffee .
0	.
1	it 's nice to take her to a great restaurant and eat something delicious .
0	our other dish , curry squash with chicken , had hardly any chicken .
1	absolutely the most kind and loving vet i 've ever met !
0	he said he was sorry that we felt they did something wrong .
1	epic level service .
0	but we drove a long way and needed a place to stay in charlotte .
1	fast service !
0	as a 30+ year customer that is originally from brooklyn , i was appalled .
1	and the fries are good too .
0	no no no no no no no .
1	awesome food and great service .
0	next time i am going to order my pics from snap fish .
1	it was great !
0	another _num_ minutes later no cab .
1	the food is delicious and fresh , and the service has always been great .
0	when i checked my order the fries were cold .
1	the emerald aisle experience was amazing !
0	their drinks are mediocre at best .
1	very nice guy and thorough optometrist , even for a picky pain like me .
0	ok place for a lunchtime burger or breakfast .
1	their hawaiian pizzas are also great , as are their calzones and lasagna .
0	on top of that , they lacked any flavor .
1	the dry rub jerk wings are great !
0	why am i here .
1	had a really nice lunch here with my brother .
0	they wanted to charge me _num_ cents for it .
1	best coffee , truly !
0	_num_ .
1	yeah they really are !
0	it was very small and no onion .
1	i came in today with a school group and she was amazing .
0	it was n't bad per se , but it was n't good either .
1	i also had the pepper steak which was very tasty .
0	disappointed .
1	really a nice menu and good food , a true ma and pa place .
0	it was really rude and could have been addressed in a more professional manner .
1	the restaurant is very nice and the help friendly and accommodating .
0	the lady that helped me was very rude and unprofessional .
1	i 'll definitely be coming back here in the future !
0	_num_ min wait for a pre paid car !
1	the best part of this place is food is very inexpensive .
0	full minute goes by before either acknowledge a new customer has walked in .
1	this place is the shit !
0	housekeeping came to my room to wake me up _num_ times within _num_ hours .
1	great local place that i do n't go to enough .
0	the piece was tiny and so overcooked i could hardly cut with a knife .
1	southwest is one of my favorite domestic airlines to fly with .
0	no pizza .
1	robert , dean and carlos where great !
0	not planning to come back here again .
1	the people who work there are the absolute nicest people in the world !
0	just ordered _num_ dollars of food to go .
1	the breakfast here is wonderful .
0	for pete 's sake , lady , show some professionalism .
1	this place is great for boarding !
0	both were mediocre .
1	price was great .
0	i 'm so sad right now .
1	tried this place for the first time today and it was wonderful !
0	there was never an apology for the wait or delay in our food .
1	lori was our sales person , she 's very nice and not pushy .
0	the broth came out hot , but nothing special .
1	to me , that 's all that matters .
0	i explained that i was pissed .
1	she is awesome !
0	i complained to our banquet captain at least _num_ times about the noise level .
1	we ordered the honey hot and they had great flavor .
0	it was even slightly cold before i reheated it .
1	iced coffee is good too .
0	but its kind of like being dropped off by a cab downtown .
1	they also have above average iced tea .
0	worst sandwich on earth .
1	so good !
0	i walked out so upset .
1	very good food but the place is tiny .
0	i like the fact that its completely self serve - no waiting for refills !
1	moved to goodyear from phoenix .
0	next time , well , anything else .
1	great for tex mex .
0	Neutral
1	this repair for your auto is as good as it gets .
0	could the rumors be true that they protect certain clientele from bad reviews ?
1	just something fun that the kids were super excited about .
0	i would give this insurance company a zero if i could .
1	we really enjoyed our lunch .
0	damn shame .
1	service is excellent .
0	i am so confused .
1	god is great !
0	i went to the counter to pay and almost had a heart attack !
1	thanks for a great experience !
0	horrible experience is a nice way to put it .
1	prime steaks and high quality seafood .
0	we were stranded at the bus stop for _num_ hours in the cold wind !
1	we love the chef cooking on the teppan grill right in front of us .
0	was anyone ever going to contact me ?
1	it is good !
0	skip this sketchy place .
1	great employees and awesome prices .
0	i would not buy there again .
1	i enjoy this restaurant .
0	they lost _num_ stars for the sheer fact their online scheduling system sucks .
1	big fan of the wings and atmosphere to be honest .
0	none of these people know what the fuck they are doing .
1	well priced lunch specials .
0	but now i 'm weary of the restaurant all together .
1	you get crunchy , chewy , warm , and cool in each bite .
0	they just do n't seem to care .
1	but it was still delicious and i was very happy with it .
0	when another attendant gave me my car back the poop was still there .
1	not very unique but good eats .
0	really disappointed foot locker .
1	very clean open kitchen which is a huge bonus !
0	i was informed that changing out my diamond was n't possible .
1	it 's small and cozy , and filled with antiques .
0	no thank you .
1	communicated with us every step of the way .
0	another ten minutes to order our drinks .
1	all the time in the morning !
0	i especially enjoyed the overflowing dirty linen room at the end of the hall .
1	barbecue , that 's what .
0	treated dogs like little babies .
1	the director , staff , and teachers are excellent !
0	i would rather brave the _num_ degree playground than return to this restaurant !
1	excellent !
0	we ordered a sandwich that was piled high with turkey .
1	will definitely use them again !
0	service was fine , food was not .
1	lee was fantastic .
0	i will not be visiting our eating at this place again .
1	the place was very clean and orderly .
0	the lasagna had a nice cheesy toasted top .
1	great service and just straight up tasty .
0	but so is your visit .
1	this place is amazing , great food , great atmosphere .
0	unfortunately , this place was a disappointment after eating in louisiana !
1	the food is wonderful and the options are plentiful .
0	no sale .
1	other than that , it 's always great .
0	the staff would not know i had once asked for that room .
1	unique dining experience .
0	ill be calling corporate later today .
1	in town for business meetings found this place on yelp .
0	i 'm assuming michelle just does n't like kids .
1	we have eaten here many times and food is always excellent .
0	they do have mashed potatoes , but i am not a mashed potatoes fan .
1	very thorough care .
0	these associates are not even at & t trained .
1	the chips and queso were great and the margaritas were as well !
0	my food was wrong twice until i simply gave up and went without .
1	i was really surprised by how good the food was .
0	disorganized lines at check-in .
1	this place was great .
0	next time it avis or anyone else beside hertz .
1	well done giant burgers ... well done !
0	impact of movie .
1	but the food was great , truly .
0	but no , i know how you work .
1	they are very on top of everything .
0	the rangoons and dumplings were pretty decent .
1	the service is fast , and they are always so nice .
0	we went with a groupon and was treated like we were sub-par .
1	so amazing , i had the stuffed raspberry french toast .
0	i was so disappointed !
1	wait staff is great smiley and on top of there guest .
0	ordered the tuna .
1	wow , what a really good burger .
0	first the bad .
1	i am hooked !
0	this might be the worst venue to see a concert in the entire us .
1	they do give you a lot of food though .
0	so _num_ star for that .
1	its a great place to grab fast food !
0	the chicken was very very dry and slightly difficult to eat .
1	rebecca did a fantastic job on my baby !
0	anyway , the food does n't taste good anymore !
1	has a drive in service .
0	but i was putting tips in the g strings .
1	amazing breakfast , great service with amazing prices .
0	no biggie .
1	love this place .
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	server was very friendly and helpful .
0	i was excited to try it today with a group of people after church .
1	the environment is so natural and beautiful .
0	i was angry .
1	most importantly , the pizza was excellent !
0	i have ordered sushi _num_ you and sushi combo for _num_ .
1	so awsome !
0	the staff does not care about you !
1	marinara was just spicy enough .
0	nothing special .
1	i 'm in awe of their service !
0	i went to lamps plus to do some comparison shopping .
1	we particularly enjoyed the fresh juice .
0	i was extremely unimpressed with the service at octopus .
1	the food is good and the service is always friendly and prompt .
0	i will not return nor will i refer them for upholstery work .
1	will definitely be back on my next trip to phoenix .
0	so i have more things taken ?
1	we were visiting from los angeles and they made us feel like family .
0	caution to all food city shoppers at southern and mesa dr !
1	great service .
0	he 's annoyed and says it looks just fine .
1	they have some of the best i 've tasted .
0	it may not be safe !
1	very hip place .
0	do n't waste your time or money !
1	i would highly recommend ya 'll to check this place out !
0	this airport is just kinda weird .
1	he is trustworthy and reasonable and great w kids .
0	overall , highly overrated - your foodie sf yelper .
1	a wide selection of beautiful flowers .
0	must be a horrible place to work with tons of turnover i bet .
1	love the byob !
0	you messed up , not a big deal .
1	the staff is always so welcoming and friendly .
0	guess i did n't leave a big enough tip .
1	this is a great bank and a very nice location .
0	_num_ minutes into my visit , i finally got the correct drink .
1	if you love vegetables and fruit and eat it quickly , awesome !
0	horrible service .
1	i 've been going here for years and would highly recommend this place !
0	the soda was watered down .
1	staff is very nice and makes you feel like your welcome .
0	major frustration dealing with the kitchen department !
1	the entire staff was very nice and helpful .
0	got checked in , and went to my room .
1	food and service were excellent .
0	celebrations bridal refused refund .
1	ko 's is a great sports bar .
0	the only thing good is the dcor .
1	first off , the staff is great smiles , talkative ... .
0	we 've been here twice now , and both times have been disappointing .
1	i really love my nachos .
0	chicken taco was bland and boring , boiled chicken , with no flavor .
1	what a cute little place .
0	i admit it , i even have a kohl 's card .
1	thank you !
0	that 's not cool .
1	amazing pesto .
0	even the sweet tea was lacking .
1	we ate here last weekend and the food was delicious and service was amazing !
0	one time i came in on a friday and only one teller was working .
1	this was a great class .
0	gag !
1	they seriously have one of the best customer services around .
0	total bill $ _num_ .
1	thanks !
0	not professional , not my cup of tea .
1	this is a great practice .
0	just irritating .
1	and their lunch buffet is worth the price .
0	sushi rolls fell apart .
1	love this place !
0	worst birthday dinner ever .
1	absolutely amazing service !
0	pretty much tortilla chips burnt with a small portion of beans and cheese .
1	the food is always amazing and the drinks are delicious .
0	poor customer service , very careless is what it was !
1	this is our favorite neighborhood restaurant .
0	the one and a half star review is not deserved .
1	there are so many great things about grinders !
0	it was okay sashimi but clearly not very fresh .
1	the chefs are friendly and engaging .
0	first of all though , they did my pedicure .
1	well built complex with excellent pools .
0	rice was ok .
1	my new favorite !
0	worst service in my life !
1	i love this place .
0	was told its out still waiting for the keg to get changed .
1	the staff is so nice and helpful .
0	_num_ taste for anything but the peppers , barely .
1	based on my experience , i highly recommend this verizon store .
0	he spent twenty minutes in pain waiting for room .
1	the salad and bread is yummy !
0	this restaurant is ridiculous .
1	it is the creamy kind , so if you like chunky hummus .
0	i could not recommend this hotel for this reason .
1	i love their rare steak pho .
0	i stayed one night and would not take a shower in there .
1	consistently excellent always .
0	the most disgusting pizza i have ever eaten .
1	the owner is friendly and is open to feedback .
0	worst management staff ever !
1	the food was good , everyone enjoyed their dishes that they ordered .
0	so - thanks hyundai tempe for being so deceiving .
1	the food is always very good , as is the service .
0	this was the first time i did not take my leftovers home !
1	spotless and good atmosphere .
0	the service at this location is pitiful .
1	this restaurant is great .
0	what awful customer service !
1	yes , it was that good .
0	only thing good was the service .
1	found this place on yelp on the way out of the charlotte airport .
0	i could hardly tell it was music let alone actually hear anything .
1	we found our new jeweler .
0	wrong .
1	dr. tracy is amazing !
0	i was a customer , and my car got towed .
1	this place is great .
0	not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job .
1	we have made so many wonderful friends and so have our children .
0	i just like simple all fruit smoothies .
1	the food always has good flavor and always comes out super hot .
0	they do n't care about their customer .
1	barbacoa was tender and juicy and flavorful and so was the al pastor .
0	the inside was kind of dirty and very old .
1	prices good and portions big ... and most important food was ono !
0	worst frozen onion rings ive ever had .
1	i also ordered the saimin and i really enjoyed it .
0	when we asked the bus boy for more water he refused to get it .
1	plus the flowers are always beautiful !
0	hit or miss .
1	plus she does great eyebrow waxing !
0	absolutely crap service !
1	definitely a staple of downtown madison .
0	the pizza was n't horrible , but the deal was awful .
1	the sandwiches are definitely something to try .
0	customer service from courtney and amanda are horrible .
1	he does a surprisingly great job , no matter how busy it is .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	their services and staff are incredible .
0	the arcade game ( motorcycle one ) ate everyone 's money .
1	( thanks andy ! )
0	felt a bit unwelcoming there and i 'm not exactly sure why ?
1	they have amazing sandwiches and salads .
0	_num_ .
1	good beer list and great service .
0	i did n't see one smile from either server .
1	all in all , it was a hearty and good breakfast !
0	this is the second bad experience at this location .
1	generally , the staff are very friendly .
0	if not for this , i 'd have talked to the manager .
1	they actually appreciate and value their customers .
0	what a waste .
1	best bloody mary in town !
0	staff is not the friendliest , and something is always not clean .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in charlotte .
0	we were seated quickly , but it all went downhill from there .
1	i also got the famous hashbrowns with mushrooms on top .
0	talk about bad customer service !
1	buttery , savory , and lots of flavor .
0	i would n't even give her a star or ever come back here again .
1	thank you bk .
0	super disappointed .
1	safe and efficient .
0	we each ordered prime rib , with salad and baked potatoes .
1	the customer service is one thing that will keep us coming .
0	avoid this place if you can .
1	she provides the best service and attention .
0	there is just something so weird tasting about it .
1	my favorite neighborhood thai food .
0	i finished the soup and salad , yet the server was not around .
1	the chicken is juicy and oversized .
0	drove _num_ miles there today to find out i was n't in the book !
1	great food , location and staff .
0	too much to expect at a fast food joint .
1	everything was delicious .
0	got the half ribs and its was dry .
1	nancy b 's bakery has the absolute best cookies i 've ever had !
0	at the time i did n't care and just wanted it done .
1	thats a great deal in my opinion .
0	the seafood gumbo was just meh .
1	it was delicious .
0	called to schedule my ppl written exam .
1	it 's baked to a crisp with a hint of tasty vanilla flavoring .
0	while i was eating , a coach roach ran across my table !
1	fantastic dining experience !
0	last friday we ordered a thin crust cheese pizza .
1	food was great and loved the ambience .
0	it was n't horrible , it was not good .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants in town .
0	i will not be shopping there again .
1	i 've been going since i was able to eat .
0	the service will be horrible .
1	i love the cozy atmosphere and the decor .
0	stay away from this location and probably all hertz rental locations !
1	this is a cute little country bar & grill .
0	in case you have not yet noticed , you have many competitors .
1	the service is great too !
0	i counted _num_ dryers , and of those , _num_ were out of service .
1	mad mad love for this place .
0	either way , ive had much better gyro from other establishments .
1	finally good chinese in az !
0	not much joy in this club .
1	i recommend getting there early otherwise you wait .
0	rude .
1	i also really enjoy their moo goo gai pan .
0	no apology .
1	the rooms are always clean and well stocked .
0	absolute joke .
1	they are delicious and completely make up for the pretty sad apps .
0	also , she saw that i had no stereo .
1	def a regular customer here now .
0	bad service .
1	zinc is always our goto place for relaxing and consistent meal .
0	i had kidney stone surgery and they almost killed me .
1	awesome service .
0	we immediately got thrown out .
1	excellent !
0	_num_ min before boarding they want people to give up their seats .
1	all of the food is good and dinners come with soup .
0	the pricing does not meet up to the food quality .
1	what a contrast to bell town shoe repair !
0	we just spent $ _num_ on a _num_ '' pizza with no meat .
1	and he comes to you to service your bike .
0	the hot dog was ok but the chili was a bit salty .
1	the car was beautiful .
0	i walked in and it was not very busy .
1	music was a bit loud , but still enjoyed the vibe .
0	no salad .
1	they last a long time and look beautiful .
0	right off the bat she said `` no . ''
1	i would definitely recommend princess to anyone !
0	service and staff are horrible , i 'm not going there again .
1	auto mechanics you can trust !
0	it used to be good but this morning was such a disappointment !
1	rooms are nice .
0	this place has gone downhill so so fast .
1	the fresh cut fries are the best way to eat fries !
0	service was really bad even though the place was half empty .
1	nice staff .
0	chopped red onion totally overpowered .
1	love you .
0	there is a large shower but no bathtub .
1	very good restaurant .
0	finally , do n't be in a rush .
1	nice coffee , quaint atmosphere , and reasonably priced .
0	worst of all , our server gave us the worst service .
1	i liked it .
0	if i could give this place no stars , i would .
1	the store is small but very neat and great use of space .
0	_num_ .
1	i would highly recommend them !
0	he really could care less if you made enough money to eat or not .
1	thanks joe and mike !
0	_num_ .
1	the system they have there is awesome !
0	she did not smile .
1	ernesto was great .
0	arrived to find chairs up on tables and doors locked .
1	the sushi is excellent !
0	i went in did the full exam with the upgraded digital eye test etc .
1	the food is great and has a homestyle quality .
0	this should have been listed on their website !
1	the cookies were delicious .
0	these guys are low down little boys !
1	are a riot , and always greet you warmly when you arrive !
0	i would not pay full price , and i would not return .
1	great food , place and service the best .
0	worst .
1	i will absolutely come here again .
0	a woman by the name of rose called me over to her work station .
1	great people .
0	worst service !
1	i had a great time living in pittsburgh .
0	i had take out yesterday and this place was just nearby my hotel .
1	service was excellent !
0	so old it looked like possible black mold .
1	everything is a good price , including the vino .
0	the waiter never poured the wine after the initial pour .
1	highly recommended .
0	i have no idea why i am here again !
1	their home style potatoes were very good .
0	she 's obnoxious .
1	quick service at the desk as well .
0	unacceptable .
1	the burgers were amazing .
0	no thanks .
1	melts in your mouth and is an awesome way to be the office hero .
0	cold .
1	also they have a very good tres leches cake .
0	it really kills my vibe when i come in here .
1	quick , hot , lots of flavor .
0	that being said it was not good enough to go here just for sushi .
1	the mac n cheese was the best !
0	the salsa was not crisp , but mushy .
1	great little airport !
0	i gave one star just cause we did not get sick !
1	love to be able to create your own pizza .
0	so in total there were around nine of us .
1	the alley have an old but have genuine feel to it .
0	the staff there is unprofessional .
1	this place is phenomenal !
0	food is awful , place smells .
1	great authentic tacos and great prices .
0	do n't do business with this place !
1	i love this place !
0	the waiting room chairs are not plus size friendly at all .
1	nice and crispy and very tasty !
0	and price is expensive .
1	we have stopped here several times and the ice cream is simply amazing .
0	you could taste the low quality in the cheese and toppings .
1	they do a good job and the staff are friendly .
0	i do n't consider myself `` ripped off '' because i wanted it .
1	we went during holiday and absolutely adored the decor !
0	i guess if i had just started going there i would rate it higher .
1	excellent price , excellent work and excellent service .
0	the waitress the first time i went was a little short , not personable .
1	these are really decent people who know what they are doing !
0	but the chef was not watching the meat .
1	oh boy was it insanely delicious !
0	_num_ ) beans but no nacho cheese .
1	so if your searching for a good authentic chinese food , i recommend kj .
0	the walls were paper thin .
1	they occasionally have local bands who are always very solid .
0	the manager apologized and did not charge us for the plate .
1	let me just tell you .
0	i could n't eat it .
1	would highly recommend them to everyone .
0	toppings were sparse ; it was not visually appealing and tasted bland .
1	cheese crisp was incredible and beans were also quite good .
0	needless to say , i will never be going back to this shop again .
1	10pm to 1am is reverse happy hour .
0	again , for the price , service should be much better .
1	very pleasant atmosphere , too .
0	it feels weird reviewing a mcdonalds again , but here we go anyway .
1	best dental service ever !
0	then today another 5:30 am call , he did not follow through .
1	the lamb curry had a great flavor and the lamb was very tender .
0	also cold .
1	it is right across the street from my office .
0	just not my kind of place .
1	great for couples and the best cheese and chocolate !
0	no way to opt out if it 's taking entirely too long .
1	friendly , funny , and great sense of humor .
0	the missing _num_ stars .
1	this place is a neighborhood staple that always delivers .
0	they could have been a little nicer , maybe a bad day ?
1	thanks so much for everything !
0	_num_ .
1	so grateful to finally feel better !
0	we could not eat it .
1	the food is amazing and the tortillas on the tacos so good !
0	_num_ ) they serve canned sodas , instead of fountain .
1	both bar and restaurant have an amazing atmosphere .
0	ca n't believe they allowed it .
1	okay !
0	i had very little meat in mine , and more coleslaw that anything else .
1	ryan helped me today and he is awesome .
0	no movie channel on the tv .
1	other than that , the food was great .
0	because you just fell into the category of walmart .
1	good food , usually very fast , and a convenient location .
0	tried it , hated it .
1	a great place for celebrating a special occasion or just feeling fancy .
0	and the jersey - boy bartenders have major attitude .
1	the decor was pretty , especially when they turned on the chandeliers .
0	and in the end i leave without a purchase .
1	i am new to the charlotte area and i wanted really good pizza .
0	probably wo n't be back .
1	very professional .
0	so i can not judge it .
1	price to quality for china wok is great .
0	Negative
1	nothing fancy but very good tacos .
0	i 'll know better next time i guess .
1	lots of vendors , lots of stuff .
0	she said she could go to the back and get us some .
1	the service was fantastic for it being 7am .
0	worst $ _num_ haircut ever .
1	wonderful antipasto platter .
0	ego is expensive .
1	this was the best vet visit i have ever had .
0	beware of ordering the bruschetta if you do not like olives .
1	paella and savory crepes delicous .
0	the buttermilk ones taste homemade , not bad !
1	very clean , great staff , and adorable retail space .
0	the worst service ever .
1	the employees are for the most part helpful and the store is fairly clean .
0	i 've had many problems with the service at this location .
1	the service was amazing and i was very pleased with jim .
0	my group of about _num_ people stopped in here on a dead friday night .
1	it sure is a small world .
0	she told me i could `` nurse a village with those things '' .
1	i recommend this restaurant .
0	i 'm only _num_ years old .
1	i highly recommend them .
0	usually wrong ingredients in items ... or the food just tasting off .
1	i just wanted to say thank you !
0	the work is shoddy at best .
1	i would recommend this place .
0	so , i ca n't study or do research while in there .
1	for a great surf and turf dinner .
0	it was n't busy nor was there an emergency or anything .
1	these chicks take their chosen art form seriously and are very professional .
0	no , it comes from a can .
1	always always always !
0	i do n't know why it 's so inconsistent , but i 'm done .
1	it 's got to be trader joe 's .
0	service was the worse i have ever experienced at any restaurant , anywhere .
1	this is the spot .
0	do n't think ill be visiting a kona grill again .
1	good veggie options abound !
0	it was all fat ... could n't chew it at all .
1	this is a great place .
0	on my first day i stayed up till _num_ in the morning doing homework .
1	i thought this hotel was very nice .
0	more unbelievable , i waited _num_ minutes to pay for the two services .
1	this was our first visit and we really liked it .
0	the food is n't that great .
1	the staff was great .
0	i would not go back .
1	thanks !
0	men 's locker and showers are disgusting .
1	wow !
0	the last _num_ hoagies i 've gotten here is again only mediocre .
1	love aveda !
0	it goes downhill from there .
1	very delicious and reasonably priced !
0	the meat was tough , and could not be eaten .
1	you will find courteous staff , excellent table service , and good food .
0	the women 's bathroom is hardly ever cleaned .
1	service is just ok , but quality of the food is very good .
0	total crap !
1	highly recommend this place !
0	this location is terrible .
1	_num_ : worth every penny !
0	did n't like him at all .
1	love all the small plates , and there 's always special going on !
0	i order an ice tea , it was horrible !
1	take out is great and i would recommend getting take out there .
0	einstein , what is it you make ?
1	the sauce is great and they 've nailed the crust .
0	so glad they r fine with losing a customer .
1	great people , wonderful experience .
0	the egg rolls were bland and tasted old and leather like .
1	i love this place .
0	several minutes hanging out with employees wandering around .
1	love the store !
0	i am definitely disappointed .
1	loved this place .
0	it should be clean already for their customers .
1	the sweet tomatoes is the best for a quick soup and salad .
0	i pulled up in a lane with only one car ahead of me .
1	this remains one of my favorite restaurants in all of las vegas .
0	in all honesty , i 'm just not sold .
1	green chili burrito is the best !
0	so i 'm out , you win einstein bagel of chandler .
1	the service was quick and her car looked as good as new !
0	it 's soggy and stale .
1	i was referred to drive for life and had a great experience .
0	do not collect $ _num_ .
1	the office itself is a very happy , comfortable environment .
0	the service was awful and the bartenders were so rude .
1	the salon is very clean and has an excellent atmosphere for relaxation .
0	they are going to lose customers if they do n't back off .
1	costco is always my spot for gas .
0	looking back , i would have paid more for a better item somewhere else .
1	everything here tasted fresh and very authentic .
0	there are many choices for shuttles , choose another one .
1	friendly & professional in every aspect .
0	do n't think i could go there again .
1	i will be back for sure , so far my favorite local joint .
0	i said it 's not ok and explained the situation .
1	well done .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	they also have friendly staff , and awesome happy hour specials .
0	almost everything was in the $ _num_ dollar range .
1	the best place in town to get your fix of vietnamese food !
0	Neutral
1	i think their breakfast burritos are the best and i 've tried a lot .
0	my family and friends went there on last weekend .
1	our last night in las vegas was the best meal yet .
0	i recently went through hell and back after purchasing my vehicle from here .
1	prices very reasonable for the portion size .
0	i would rather just have a bowl or cereal at home .
1	the best mexican food i have had in my life .
0	i mean , cheap , fast , mexican food and its close by .
1	rosati 's rocks .
0	slow service , horrible , horrible food .
1	for february , this course looked really good .
0	food not really good , not recommend !
1	good food .
0	and it 's not cheap for the food they serve you .
1	it can be a little pricey with toppings , but it 's worth it .
0	we were rather disappointed .
1	bottom line if you love teriyaki chicken definitely give japan express a try !
0	that is how bad it is .
1	this wonderful gem was suggested to me by a client of mine .
0	i have been riding the bus for as long as i can remember .
1	great wine , nice music , view awesome , and good food .
0	i 'm not sure how much these guys know about anything .
1	highly recommend !
0	this said , the wifi in this location is awful .
1	dessert great too !
0	this location is terrible .
1	my friend and i had a fantastic lunch after our hike .
0	maybe snap your fingers too .
1	i especially enjoy sausage , pepperoni with fresh basil .
0	the sauce tasted like tomato paste with a little spice .
1	was pleasantly surprised .
0	all in all , it was n't a great meal .
1	the desserts are all amazingly delicious as well .
0	our bill came to $ _num_ , but it was hardly worth it .
1	good flavor .
0	i waited at the counter ... no one was around .
1	great service , friendly staff .
0	first of all , we 're not from the street .
1	probably better than party city , in my humble opinion !
0	the flemings potatos were terrible !
1	the fried seafood is the best in town !
0	well ya missed out on some of ours .
1	love this place !
0	however , this place is a business and is not a charity .
1	i would absolutely recommend this place and plan to come back myself sometime .
0	shame in me for giving this dump another chance !
1	love spicy garlic edamame !
0	neither of us thought the food was good at all .
1	the biscuits and gravy were a hit - smooth and creamy .
0	not a bad casino but hotel lacks .
1	the ladies are always very nice and helpful .
0	what a disaster .
1	faster than fast service every single time .
0	this place unfortunately proved that for me and my family .
1	i went by myself today and had a great time .
0	today was really strange though .
1	our waiter was very attentive and loved working there .
0	tables were dirty , napkins and paper all over the floor .
1	huge burgers with spicy chili , nachos , and dollar beers .
0	i see now why they got poor ratings .
1	i would recommend these guys to anyone !
0	waiting in line took roughly _num_ minutes on a tuesday about _num_ noon .
1	not only were they very professional but also affordable !
0	i wanted to like this place , but it 's super mediocre .
1	good lunch specials - we call ahead and pick up or eat there .
0	okay no big deal .
1	the best smoothies ever !
0	the refried beans look like they have an artificial light purple color to them .
1	delicious !
0	there are plenty of other dealers , any other one would probably be better .
1	this place was great !
0	while we were getting ice cream , my husband was looking for cannoli .
1	love this place .
0	the customer service was horrible !
1	excellent drink selection , and awesome crowds .
0	i get downstairs in _num_ minutes .
1	expect a wait on the weekends , but it 's worth it .
0	avoid this place .
1	fries are very tasty .
0	do n't bother .
1	quaint and simple .
0	not complaining , i decided to buy another at that cheap of a price .
1	everything we ordered was excellent .
0	good place _num_ a large group to drink get apps tho .
1	always a pleasant experience !
0	i 'm sure a jeweler misses it once in awhile .
1	even if you live far from this location , it is worth the drive !
0	the cheese on top of the overcooked ravioli was greasy and heavy .
1	i recommend this place _num_ % !
0	unfortunately for me , i have a very nice sound system in my car .
1	the restaurant has an open feel i really liked .
0	it had no signs of being coated and sauted to a rich golden brown .
1	still the best !
0	they took my name , phone number email ... only to completely ignore me .
1	the food is always amazing .
0	we also had to wait forever for the check .
1	the produce is probably their real specialty .
0	the resturant looked clean and was busy .
1	this place is amazing .
0	do n't say you are returning a gift .
1	the thin-crust pizza is fantastic , and reasonably priced .
0	_num_ .
1	such a great place for breakfast .
0	no service .
1	hot salsa was a nice touch to start off our meal .
0	my experience started off terrible .
1	the service is always quick , easy and out the door .
0	_num_ .
1	good for them .
0	if you want absolute rudeness and no customer service ... go here .
1	this is the best mexican food and manuel 's in the valley .
0	i ordered _num_ wings and got only _num_ leg .
1	all of it was fantastic .
0	my mother had heart failure .
1	they use fresh ingredients and it shows in the flavor of the pizza .
0	there was two in the tank .
1	great place .
0	get gas every _num_ miles and not fill up ?
1	excellent customer service and tennis knowledge .
0	they made me feel like an idiot and that is terrible customer service .
1	my husband and i frequently go here , we love all the staff .
0	why else treat people this way ?
1	but it 's better .
0	nasty .
1	i live right behind it , thus a weekly regular .
0	the way they handle parties of _num_ or more is ridiculous .
1	this shop is amazing .
0	for a sandwich advertised to have delicious bacon , this fell way short .
1	the service is great and the food comes out fresh and quick .
0	_num_ .
1	they are very honest and reasonable prices .
0	her meal was so hot she could n't eat it .
1	pho kim long brings me so much joy .
0	she greeted us by yelling extremely loud .
1	great and thick sauce ?
0	worst mcdonalds in the history of mcdonalds .
1	it hit the spot !
0	the guy really could n't have been any more rude .
1	so far , the ruben is my favorite .
0	not a very good part of town either .
1	we relaxed in the jacuzzi under the stars .
0	i would n't go out of my way to go back anytime soon .
1	the lox was fresh and high quality .
0	the salad was small and had lettuce , tomato and that 's it .
1	great dinner for my birthday .
0	to my understanding toro should never be tough .
1	very impressed again .
0	they do n't greet you when you enter .
1	the bathrooms are right by the kitchen and both could use a good cleaning .
0	i ca n't quite place what the smell is with them .
1	this location has a very attentive and consistent staff .
0	horrible ... disappointed ... .
1	a great locals casino that has always treated me good .
0	so that was it , they gave me my walking papers .
1	the whole staff is awesome about always accommodating me and my girls ' needs .
0	we waited _num_ minutes just to get the waitress to come take drink orders .
1	there is something for everyone on the menu .
0	well , like i said , last week was n't too bad .
1	the new owners just rock !
0	service was marginal yet the restaurant was not full .
1	great sauce , great prices .
0	do n't waste your freaking time !
1	the staff is extra friendly and the service is fast .
0	waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu .
1	so good .
0	i will not be using this company in the future .
1	the best hands down .
0	odd , i thought this was grilled shrimp .
1	the best peach pie i have ever tasted .
0	we walked in , it was busy .
1	all of the barbers are very skilled .
0	salad just a salad and the bread was cold .
1	food is always fresh and he provides nothing but five star service !
0	i immediately cancelled my appointment and called around .
1	good inexpensive food .
0	it got so bad that my key would n't even work anymore .
1	it was delish !
0	do n't recommend this hotel at this location to anyone .
1	the food is well cooked , my wife loves this place .
0	food is ok , not more than that .
1	best haircut and color .
0	not bad , but it was your run of the mill dinner french toast .
1	but i always schedule with ka ... and i always call ahead .
0	so rude .
1	catfish fresh .
0	it actually opened another room .
1	the epic tuna burrito has truly changed my life .
0	i can safely say , we will never be returning again .
1	great family atmosphere and the people were super friendly !
0	the beer selection and prices were fine .
1	this place is awesome !
0	she quickly responded , `` oh yes .
1	still delicious - just go at a good time .
0	there was a lighting guy literally _num_ feet away .
1	jerry washed my car and he did an awesome job .
0	because mine did seem used .
1	these guys are awesome !
0	i do not recommend this location for any of your technical needs .
1	bartender was attentive and nice .
0	it does n't seem like a very friendly or welcoming environment personally .
1	very friendly and laid back .
0	horrible .
1	they do a wonderful job and have great customer service .
0	manager is very inexperienced .
1	good pricing !
0	horrible customer service !
1	in-n-out is always good and i 've been to about a dozen of them .
0	i would not recommend this company to anyone ever .
1	something in life i 've always wanted to be .
0	yikes , extremely soggy pizza and my order was missing an item .
1	what great service , i do n't know of any companies that do that .
0	we should have left at that point .
1	good for takeout also .
0	my wife had the clam chowder which had almost no clams .
1	it was so worth it !
0	my sauce tasted burnt and it was lacking flavor .
1	people 's indian is a solid traditional indian place .
0	just unfriendly and crowded .
1	the honey mustard chicken was phenomenal !
0	shady shady shady and unprofessional office staff .
1	excellent food , service and selections .
0	it was tender and that was the only good thing about it .
1	would highly recommend & will return again .
0	fist we wait _num_ mins or so to be seated .
1	the combination of flavors is so good !
0	the three of us finished it quickly and were still hungry .
1	what a great find !
0	do n't think i 'll be back for the food though .
1	the prices are reasonable and the staff has been friendly both times !
0	tab was $ _num_ plus tip .
1	i think i have found my new favorite neighborhood nail salon .
0	the toast was fine but how can you really mess up toast ?
1	i will definitely go back for the good and the jazz .
0	seems each time we go it gets worse and that is all locations .
1	i highly recommend liberty market !
0	i slammed down the menus and said we are outta here !
1	so friendly and are willing to make any type of problem right .
0	hell , my students make better food than nypd !
1	guests loved the food and were impressed .
0	i probably would n't stay here again .
1	always have a something great on exhibit .
0	i spent over _num_ dollars in this order and it was a complete waste .
1	it was also very clean and had some awesome menu choices .
0	we asked her for more mayo and she brought out honey mustard .
1	i recommend everyone to him for nails .
0	went the the aquarium with my daughter and dinner at rainforest cafe .
1	one of the best breakfast places in las vegas by far !
0	the staff is ok but not near where it used to be .
1	huge selection of items on the menu .
0	idk the food was just a huge mess .
1	try the wings for sure ... always a great choice .
0	the location also seemed a bit sketchy ; i 'd avoid this one .
1	you guys are great !
0	we waited another _num_ minutes for those .
1	will definitely come back again .
0	_num_ $ groupon ended up costing me _num_ $ .
1	steak was as good as i 've ever had .
0	no fries or drink .
1	love this place !
0	we ate here for the first time this evening !
1	the food is so delish and authentic tasting .
0	i walked in to get my food which was sitting there .
1	if you want great pricing with quality work , these guys get it done !
0	these employees stole me , my money !
1	will absolute be coming back !
0	_num_ times .
1	an all around great restaurant .
0	the room smelled like urine .
1	they take care of us and really do great with our _num_ yr old .
0	i tried to think of reasons to bump this place up to two stars .
1	omg the food was super tasty !
0	horrible !
1	the market sandwich which can change is always my favorite .
0	i would n't pay more than _num_ a month to live here .
1	my girlfriends and i had a lot of fun .
0	absolutely the worst experience we have ever had at any retail store in life .
1	so yummy !
0	the bread was dry as hell , like cardboard .
1	this place delicious , went for breakfast while in madison .
0	this place is truly awful .
1	the servers are all great .
0	it was n't the warm and inviting ambiance that we were expecting .
1	awesome .
0	i ca n't believe they actually charge extra for it now .
1	always friendly and yummy !
0	our _num_ month old had bed bugs on her .
1	excellent service all around and for a great price !
0	horrible service .
1	i will be back hopefully soon !
0	when calling the clubhouse , the phone just rang .
1	try the phoenix roll it 's the best !
0	horrible cleaning job !
1	with martin behind the line you ca n't go wrong !
0	never again will i dine here .
1	these are addictive , and best donuts you can get fresh .
0	_num_ - put the drink prices on the website too .
1	our server , mike , provided excellent care .
0	so bad !
1	burland continues to offer the personal service you deserve .
0	my part has been done and i will not eat here ever again .
1	`` great people , great ice cream ! ''
0	this location at lunch time is run very poorly .
1	love love love this place !
0	i had biscuits and gravy a half portion .
1	they love to come by and peak at the boys or talk to them .
0	he said nothing to us .
1	the food is never oily and taste fresh .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	the food is great .
0	the whole place , while definitly historic , needs cleaned .
1	their range services and merchandise are good too .
0	she said it was not allowed .
1	delicious and filling !
0	they have a late night menu with discounted prices after 10pm .
1	while the food is spectacular , the staff is really what sells this place .
0	the food was awful .
1	excellent people to deal with .
0	i would never renew my lease at this disgusting place .
1	very professional and kind ... .
0	this place is awful .
1	nice staff .
0	no different from what they have at your local circle k .
1	live well , take care of your body .
0	the pizza and wings were luke warm .
1	when me and my friends come here we are always seated right away .
0	i wrote off the first time to stuff happens and placed no blame .
1	this is a pretty cool little spot i discovered while in town for work .
0	it 's sad .
1	excellent yellowtail belly sushi , tempura and gyoza !
0	do n't most of us need to get to work by then ?
1	my girlfriend and i frequent this place as often as we can .
0	i 'll visit pittsburgh again sooner rather than later , but this place ?
1	yeah !
0	its ok , i guess .
1	it 's freaking amazing !
0	worst sam woo bbq .
1	food is always fresh and delicious .
0	i advised emily .
1	food came out hot and was excellent !
0	they really do n't have that situation planned out very well !
1	other than that , i was very pleased with the service i received .
0	overall , i would never dine here again .
1	so delicious .
0	_num_ .
1	car parking karma got me a spot literally right in front of the theater .
0	their solution was to replace the other front tire at no charge .
1	normally i take in the whole dining experience ... service , ambiance , etc .
0	the hotel itself is ok.
1	i love this place !
0	price was $ _num_ .
1	we were very happy with the delivery time and food .
0	but sincerely there 's nothing special happening with this pizza .
1	their beer and wine list is pretty great too .
0	_num_ stars for everything else : beer 's really not that good .
1	great beer specials during the week .
0	it was corned beef on a roll .
1	decent bar grub and good beer selection , and live music as well .
0	my second room : same line , 3rd floor , also accessible .
1	theatre lovers will enjoy being so close to many historic theaters .
0	it really is just a bar with bad bar food .
1	kelly is awesome with acrylic nails !
0	do they not realize that they are open to the dining area ?
1	they sell the hot sandwiches , which i always appreciate .
0	chocolate souffle probably best part but at $ _num_ would not recommend .
1	i love this place .
0	the fact that i was not taken seriously for this is insulting .
1	this was kind and considerate !
0	avoid this location like the plague .
1	gelato made from scratch is even better .
0	the only dish that appeared worth ordering was the street tacos .
1	staff are great .
0	the server refused to serve me because the barista had my card .
1	i goto this restaurant at least once a month and always get good food .
0	if you 're looking to play darts , do n't waste your time .
1	these guys ( and gals ) are terrific .
0	anyway , the sushi itself was about as flavorful as a ten dollar bill .
1	i 'm a fan of aladdin , except when i 'm in a hurry .
0	i will not go back there !
1	this is my favorite place to eat in champaign-urbana .
0	all of the employees were right there , completely ignoring customers at the counter .
1	pizza heaven exceeds in every area .
0	im sorry .
1	love this place .
0	got sick twice .
1	great service !
0	but for the price $ _num_ you ca n't be that upset .
1	their sandwiches are delicious .
0	Neutral
1	loved the experience .
0	the burger was lacking excitement .
1	food has always been excellent .
0	i also had a few bites of the chicken marsala .
1	the food was good and the management sympathetic and helpful .
0	this place was so disgusting that we packed up and left .
1	thank you for all of your help !
0	i saw absolutely nothing `` special '' about anything .
1	we had a wonderful celebration with family , good service and great food !
0	i could not believe what was going on .
1	their late night happy hour specials ca n't be beat !
0	doubt i 'm coming back .
1	also , they accept cats !
0	sadly , the pizzas came lukewarm and left much to be desired .
1	the food is good , great portions too .
0	why would we assume anything would be different this time ?
1	having this place so close is a huge perk .
0	older place with a little bit of a smell to it but friendly service .
1	will definitely be going back ... a lot .
0	of course turning the paper over has zero effect on it .
1	he is fantastic .
0	save your time , gas , money and dignity and do not go !
1	i bought a sushi starter kit and learned how to make sushi !
0	brisket can only be sliced _num_ direction or its ruined !
1	otherwise love this place .
0	i was starving at this point and dinner was finished .
1	okay , okay ... .
0	horrible customer service .
1	the wait staff are amazing and the food it delicous .
0	every time i go they get my order wrong , the food is cold .
1	also , love the included towel service !
0	waitresses bad talking customers and the manager yelling at them to pick up orders .
1	omg a vegan donut place that 's amazing .
0	she complained and the waitress brought out a side of broccoli .
1	relax and enjoy !
0	disappointing and irritating would sum up this experience .
1	it all adds to the overall charm of the place .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	so soft , warm and utterly delicious .
0	in my opinion very poor for a monday and italian food in general .
1	really a nice neighborhood spot to grab breakfast .
0	i had the teriyaki chicken bowl with rice , and vegetable tempura .
1	after years of looking for a reliable auto shop , i finally found one .
0	returning the furniture just to not deal with them anymore .
1	i felt comfortable and safe the whole time .
0	and trust me , even in the morning , it was n't much better .
1	i love the traditional ny style pizza .
0	waited an hour for awful sushi .
1	please do n't ever change !
0	this doctor is a waste of space .
1	server was great !
0	never had customer service like this .
1	staff was incredibly friendly & super fast food .
0	no complaints there .
1	would recommend the tamales and carne a safe tacos .
0	the walls are either prison gray or white tile with literally nothing on them .
1	a solid 5/5 .
0	she took it away and did n't return for at least _num_ minutes .
1	very good consistent food at an amazing value .
0	this led me to wonder if they washed their bowls between customers or not .
1	they are a bit pricey , but totally worth it .
0	they must not think that people like to look good on vacation .
1	best japanese restaurant i 've found in charlotte so far .
0	more like a ton of disappointment .
1	three of us had a fantastic dinner last night at bellini .
0	never ever use this company .
1	jambalaya is flavorful .
0	there really is n't anything special about this place .
1	i tend to stick with the corned beef hash , which is so good .
0	i drove twenty minutes on a friday to get my family dinner .
1	i love the tap house !
0	no it was nowhere else .
1	everyone in the restaurant was very nice and greeted us immediately .
0	i will never rent from hertz again !
1	great selection and knowledgable staff .
0	he talked loudly across the whole restaurant to staff members back in the kitchen .
1	kudos to her !
0	the food is ok , not great .
1	delicious food .
0	worst service and pizza !
1	great , kind staff .
0	traffic in and out is horrible .
1	i recommend the short rib ravioli !
0	you ca n't ever make a mattress more firm .
1	it 's a small place that is very laid back .
0	i do n't understand why anyone likes this place .
1	great boba for a decent price .
0	i strongly advise being careful to all who are currently renting .
1	they also have a nice happy hour in the bar area .
0	and they ran out of napkins at lunch time .
1	monkey bread , mmm .
0	the chicken did not seem to be seasoned much .
1	kevin in one word : rocks !
0	i can get better pho for cheaper at plenty of other places .
1	other than that , it was a great experience .
0	but the service and the wait staff are the absolute worst .
1	i enjoyed this place and found the atmosphere and service to be great .
0	another goes by nothing .
1	i love this place !
0	corporate needs to review this shit hole of a store .
1	cheese curd is good brat was good .
0	instead it came with _num_ tiny bites .
1	both were good .
0	we gave up and did n't finish our meals and left .
1	this studio is wonderful to work with !
0	the people sitting behind me were moving and it was shaking my whole seat .
1	the office is very clean and prices are good .
0	it 's small crowded and hard to navigate .
1	the chef is also very handsome and attentive !
0	big disappointment on that dish .
1	this place rocks .
0	everything else was bland ... including the hot pot .
1	big fan of both locations - mt .
0	the quail came out next , completely dry .
1	clean , comfortable , affordable !
0	the rice and beans tasted a few days old .
1	Negative
0	home of the weak drink .
1	highly recommend .
0	let me preface my review by stating a few facts .
1	great atmosphere and clean .
0	overpriced and ridiculous set up .
1	the store was nice and clean as well .
0	seats are so uncomfortable and everything is so over priced .
1	( you 'll have to stand to play ) .
0	personally , i liked the pasta it was descent .
1	emily was my assistant she was amazingly knowledgable , friendly and helpful .
0	my boyfriend and i ate here just an hour ago .
1	ok _num_ stars for the food and 3-4 stars for service .
0	the room has a terrible smell ( mildew ) .
1	very quaint !
0	this place is a terrible place to live !
1	highly recommended .
0	i was offered some honey wasabi sauce and i accepted but never received it .
1	i am a loyal fan .
0	the menu provided some traditional mexican food items , which were fairly authentic .
1	i like that integrity .
0	a ridiculous waste of my time and overall horrible customer service .
1	this is a great restaurant for a family dinner !
0	she offered to bring us more napkins , _num_ mins later , no napkins .
1	the decor is great !
0	both the presentation and the flavor seriously left something to be desired .
1	but the food quality here is very good and everything tastes fresh .
0	nothing fancy , just a birthday hangout .
1	amazing !
0	_num_ .
1	i always come here for lunch .
0	fairly forgettable .
1	the service was prompt as well .
0	everything was bland .
1	this spot wo n't disappoint .
0	what the hell is this ?
1	i will continue `` seeing '' dr c for years to come !
0	i am dissapointed in you olive garden .
1	i would definitely recommend this restaurant .
0	do not waste your money !
1	will be back most definitely !
0	_num_ stars ?
1	very good deal !
0	not to my taste .
1	they gave us a gift for our anniversary to come back next time .
0	food was decent but i waited _num_ minutes for a grilled cheese sandwich !
1	she takes her time and makes sure the job is perfect .
0	sad too i used to love outback .
1	the prices are reasonable .
0	never been refused to be helped in a retail store until i came here .
1	great shop !
0	yikes , more professionalism is definetly needed in their employees !
1	meat is juicy and fresh .
0	my room is still not ready !
1	# _num_ - must have their garlic dipping sauce ... so good !
0	come to find out i need reading glasses to which i knew already .
1	salt applied and i 'm happy with this place .
0	the employees do not care about anyone who lives in the neighborhood .
1	great store for rock , county , folk and soul records .
0	they got the date wrong on when the arrangement was to be delivered .
1	my food was excellent as well .
0	the rosemary olive oil was nice though .
1	really great service here - definitely the place to go to .
0	it 's a real shame .
1	its the perfect age .
0	brats are basic , no-frills , and mediocre at best .
1	thanks karen !
0	i was fairly disappointed with this zoo .
1	the food is delicious and i continue eating there .
0	it was soggy and nasty , i only ate half of it .
1	they have reasonable prices , and have superb customer service .
0	it was not anywhere close to the photos i had sent to the shop .
1	awesome food .
0	i live nowhere near a best buy and that was a long drive .
1	on all of my visits to the center it 's been pretty quiet .
0	do you not see a customer with a stack of pants to purchase ?
1	good food great service and atmosphere !
0	all the fish was overcooked and dry .
1	everything was fine for my one night stay .
0	i just called my hr and was told my insurance has been corrected .
1	every single person i dealt with was polite , positive , and helpful .
0	the chicken was too dry and only a couple of ship which tasted old .
1	it is a small shop and you get very professional and friendly customer service .
0	no thanks .
1	very good .
0	i 'm not really a fan of this air port for one reason only .
1	the services was awesome and the food was good .
0	one night i drove up to this kfc .
1	amazing staff .
0	so let me start off by saying i 'm vietnamese .
1	i will definitely visit this place again next time we 're in town .
0	_num_ .
1	he knows his business very well .
0	the seafood clearly was n't fresh .
1	nice deli with booths to sit in and eat there .
0	the place was loud .
1	i absolutely love the atmosphere .
0	however , on this visit , my steak was not cooked properly .
1	definitely will be going here everytime i make a trip to sin city .
0	here ends the rant prescribed by this reviewer for this restaurant .
1	as good as advertised .
0	not happening , he never says another word .
1	both delicious !
0	service is just too laid-back .
1	mmmm , mmm good !
0	diced chicken , bacon , eggs , pico and jalapenos .
1	for the price it is great .
0	the mac and cheese looked old .
1	very relaxing and great quality !
0	wrong !
1	this is the best pizza in charlotte hands down .
0	room stunk like sewage .
1	as other reviewers have mentioned , definitely a hidden gem .
0	whatever you do , do not order the spicy tuna .
1	i was very surprised how fresh and clean everything wash .
0	not worth it .
1	reservation is recommended if you are going during busy hours .
0	but this is the slowest moving starbucks i have ever been to .
1	i love going to farren 's for lunch .
0	it was all very unprofessional to say the least all while taking my order .
1	this is a fun place and the staff are always nice .
0	the herbs did nothing for the dish .
1	great guys there .
0	apologized that the order was wrong .
1	they have soon found that i like the heat .
0	i ordered a western omelette that was just completely destroyed by imitation cheese .
1	i definitely recommend to bring parties here over the same old restaurants !
0	maybe they messed up , but the deal should be honored as written .
1	the patient check-in staff was professional and friendly .
0	it was dirty , unsanitary , and way overpriced !
1	i stayed here for a few nights last year and had a good experience !
0	i would absolutely not recommend this vet to anyone .
1	great service ... free vegetable soup to start off your meal is delicious .
0	the hostess was less than friendly and so was our server .
1	always enjoy the sushi and service at yummy sushi !
0	now why i 'm writing this review , bad experiences .
1	the broth had wonderful flavor and the ingredients were all fresh and flavorful .
0	i wo n't be back and would n't recommend eating here .
1	coffee and bagels were excellent and that why i go here .
0	i heard people talk about this place at work a lot .
1	one of my favorite bbq places in town .
0	along with your cover , there was a _num_ drink minimum .
1	it was amazing !
0	avoid this airport !
1	the customer service that they have at this location is absolutely amazing .
0	there is absolutely no excuse for this .
1	service was excellent .
0	if it were _num_ minutes until closing time , i might have understood .
1	excellent service .
0	my father was in this facility for a short time ( _num_ days ) .
1	inexpensive , accommodating , nice , and thorough - nothing not to like !
0	the chicken was like tasteless rubber .
1	great red chile beef and they do n't skimp on the meat .
0	gorgonzola stuffed filet was horrible .
1	service is iffy at times but food is always great !
0	i immediately drove down university city blvd .
1	hey , why not : )
0	the food was expensive , and the menu very limited .
1	love sushi bay !
0	worst customer service i 've experienced in a long time .
1	love my weeks that i get to see everyone .
0	i was unhappy with the service i received via phone .
1	my family loves christ life church .
0	the service rep helped _num_ other people after me .
1	this is a great staple of tempe .
0	also , the beef looked and tasted like rubber ... .
1	honest , friendly and fair .
0	$ _num_ for a large blizzard that is mostly ice cream .
1	the reviews do n't lie , this place is a solid _num_ stars .
0	the rep came out to give us a quote on a pool .
1	fantastic food !
0	never , ever coming back .
1	also , a free tow to the company .
0	wish we would have stuck to our guns .
1	the boba milk tea is amazing !
0	overall not my favorite buffet , but what can expect for the price .
1	such a fun atmosphere and the bartender toni is nothing short of amazing !
0	there 's no skill in that .
1	they helped me out .
0	i will never step foot inside this place again .
1	great food .
0	i 've switched doctors after this last visit .
1	best raspberry filled donuts in town !
0	this place was a disaster .
1	keep up the great work and great food .
0	i think i found a couple of peach pieces - it was meh .
1	great atmosphere , delicious food , and reasonable prices - i love this place !
0	difficult would be how i describe the experience .
1	service is excellent and the prices are right .
0	i dunno .
1	awesome place .
0	we stayed here just passing through for a night on a trip to sedona .
1	thanks for everything , guys !
0	worst delivery service .
1	all of the equipment is in good shape .
0	we tried and failed .
1	they also have very high tech equipment .
0	it was such a rush job !
1	fresh bread .
0	avoid this location .
1	i love this place , i love the seating and customer service !
0	no such luck .
1	i personally recommend this location ... or any texas roadhouse for that matter .
0	the service is also poor .
1	had one of the best medical experiences here !
0	_num_ ) they had very limited concessions .
1	service counter clerks are very friendly and helpful .
0	this place has terrible customer service .
1	great pizza and pasta .
0	makes me feel uncomfortable because i really want to be able to shop there .
1	this place is awesome !
0	i had a terrible moving experience with s & m movers and united .
1	the hotel is also perfect for families with kids .
0	the sourdough toast was as hard as croutons , and not to my liking .
1	food is good and authentic .
0	fast forward _num_ week .
1	they are timely , reliable , and knowledgeable .
0	not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever .
1	if you never have played a desert course this is top notch .
0	worst wine list of any restaurant i have ever been too .
1	will be a regular .
0	if i could give no stars i would .
1	i am easy so however my hair is cut is great .
0	do n't come to this dealership .
1	actually , all the food is great .
0	the food does n't taste like normal food .
1	it is nice to trust a dentist again .
0	glad to know that customer service is a priority .
1	seems nice though !
0	i just had a completely horrible experience with their staff .
1	i have never had a bad meal here .
0	no one aside from the host even said a word .
1	staff friendly .
0	avoid it !
1	i 'm a fan for life .
0	it 's the worst of the worst .
1	i came here for `` brunch '' before having to board a flight home .
0	do not i repeat do not go here .
1	great bagels !
0	apparently , they are n't used to dealing with sophisticated , knowledgeable buyers .
1	i see dr. frank , he is awesome .
0	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
1	overall , i think it was great !
0	wo n't be going back .
1	his recommendation on the ny strip steaks was right on .
0	this place is a total dive ... it was messy and disorganized .
1	food is great .
0	just kidding , just kidding !
1	highly recommend .
0	things tasted rubbery and lackluster .
1	dr. thomas keeps my smile beautiful !
0	the parmesan crusted chicken was terrible .
1	pancakes awesome !
0	me and my co-worker called on the phone twice .
1	friendly service !
0	you wo n't get it .
1	fast service .
0	i will definitely avoid the dealership in the future unless they change their manager .
1	we stopped in for lunch and had a great experience .
0	food was so bad that i threw it in the trash .
1	always a good time when i order .
0	unfortunately , it was worse than previous experiences .
1	so many thumbs up for this place !
0	a friend of mine got sick from eating at the downtown at the location .
1	lived here for _num_ year a while back and enjoyed it .
0	it 's just kind of gross .
1	they give you a very generous portion of that also .
0	days passed and nothing .
1	worth every penny for the service .
0	very bad customer service .
1	super nice staff , clean establishment and great food .
0	the fish was not very flavorful either .
1	his love and compassion for the animals is obvious .
0	they have really been going downhill .
1	everyone i bring here from out of town loves it .
0	tonight , we called ahead for party of _num_ .
1	on par with lotus .
0	he said `` oh hold on , i have to check on that '' .
1	chef joel makes an amazing chicken fettuccine alfredo .
0	horrible horrible horrible catfish taste like crunchy cardboard .
1	are all nice .
0	no longer a fan .
1	that is pretty impressive after a couple years .
0	the meal was not fresh .
1	fresh and flavorful .
0	- noisy because same place offers haircuts , nail spa and what not .
1	see you there .
0	the staff was nice , but slow .
1	great coffee !
0	unfortunately i was n't impressed with the food .
1	this is the best neighborhood establishment you could hope for .
0	if the food was not so terrible .
1	put simply , it 's just good food .
0	since then , i will not got back due to poor customer response .
1	i love mr .
0	the property managers are never available to speak with .
1	jon is authentic , honest , professional and excellent at his trade .
0	the bf ordered flank steak and only had literally one piece of meat .
1	but its a cute shop , and the coffee was real good .
0	about _num_ minutes later we were seated .
1	it 's nice to have options for dinner before or after the concerts .
0	too bad ! ''
1	great selection with friendly & easy service .
0	this has got to be the worst apartment community i 've ever lived .
1	our favorite manager is joe and favorite server is kevin .
0	plus he was n't very helpful with putting my car in the driveway .
1	these guys are great .
0	very disappointing management decisions .
1	a truly lovely experience .
0	salt apparently is unheard of .
1	great !
0	if i could give it no stars i would .
1	thank you to all the staff for their friendliness and consideration .
0	but it 's not .
1	they have good service .
0	i wish we would have went to taco bell .
1	great atmosphere .
0	my boyfriend 's was not .
1	all the teachers are great , but kat is my favorite .
0	and it stinks to high heaven .
1	they have the most amazing pizza here .
0	had their pork fried rice but the rice was overcooked .
1	the service is always top notch .
0	the office staff is awful .
1	it was the most beautiful venue and the staff is absolutely wonderful .
0	lol so we said screw it and decided to check it out anyway .
1	it 's a lot bigger now and the staff is super friendly and helpful .
0	a gym attendant wants you to sign in but has no pen .
1	super helpful staff .
0	there are sanitation requirements that are clearly not being met here !
1	parmesan peppercorn dressing is delicious .
0	the new price was $ _num_ .
1	must check this place out !
0	i had chicken with bones , and it was not cooked well .
1	i love this store .
0	i do n't want to come back .
1	i love this place !
0	this is also the only on la fitness i 've seen do this .
1	we are very happy patients !
0	what a waste of money .
1	great little shop !
0	does n't this place know that every other rental place is more efficient ?
1	the manicotti was excellent , great salad , good bread , and great service .
0	then nothing , absolutely nothing .
1	service is always good .
0	the reason for my _num_ stars is for the poor food quality .
1	and still one of my favorite meals ever .
0	i ordered a side caesar to begin and a pepperoni calzone .
1	he was fast , funny , and smart .
0	in fact , i would have much rather done so .
1	my wife will go just for the sweet potato fries .
0	they appreciate the customers they get , as should every restaurant .
1	both the technician and dr. were very patient with her which i really appreciated .
0	service was terrible - slow and rude .
1	keep up the good work guys .
0	second problem : no leftovers .
1	nice pool and a complete breakfast .
0	spend your $ _num_ elsewhere !
1	super awesome & knowledgeable .
0	not quite the mcdonalds as that would be of course reserved for taco bell .
1	i bought my girlfriend a necklace , a ring , and earrings there .
0	um , uh , what ?
1	i highly recommend this place .
0	this was after waiting 20+ minutes at the register with cash in hand .
1	highly recommend it !
0	so , i purchased _num_ pastries and got out .
1	the room was quiet and comfy and clean .
0	would not recommend !
1	so thankful to have found such a great vet so quickly !
0	there were _num_ .
1	great place !
0	i have been in several times and the owner is flat out rude .
1	worth the trip and can not wait to go back !
0	hopefully i do n't have to stay at this hotel again .
1	i 'm super pleased with my system , it sounds awesome !
0	this place sucked .
1	the atmosphere is very nice and cozy .
0	food was only ok , but good portions for the price .
1	excellent food .
0	furniture , electronics , appliances and flooring in one location ?
1	worth going back .
0	the two times i 've been there i was unhappy .
1	these people are the best people in the world .
0	we wasted almost $ _num_ on this horrendous dining experience .
1	everything was fantastic .
0	the food was mediocre at best .
1	would recommend to anyone !
0	why was not told that to begin with ?
1	great pizza , quick service , friendly staff , good prices , large portions .
0	this is a review for their sunday night trivia .
1	the hot cakes was great service was good .
0	the worst run airport parking service i have ever used .
1	impressive balance of flavors .
0	worst hair cut i 've ever received .
1	hence , the reason why this great experience stuck in my mind .
0	i just died laughing .
1	it 's reasonably priced and the service is always pretty quick .
0	i guess i 'll stick to sephora where employees enjoy their jobs .
1	excellent !
0	terrible experience with my almost _num_ year old .
1	decent prices .
0	we ordered a chimichanga with red chili and a smothered chicken burrito .
1	that is all ; carry about your business , good yelper .
0	this lack of excellence is what lead us to manuel 's on bell .
1	she also was a great help when i was dealing with a difficult neighbor .
0	they do not take care of their animals !
1	so i brought my own top coat .
0	nasty !
1	been coming for years and it 's always good .
0	too bad you ca n't hand out no stars .
1	it was good , but nothing outstanding .
0	forgot about my roll completely , then lied about it .
1	service was truly impeccable , attentive without being stuffy or overbearing .
0	mac n cheese can pass for soul food .
1	the salsa and chips are delicious and are made in house .
0	it was not superior by any means but very nice for the average express .
1	let me start by saying that this is a beautiful theatre .
0	i also had to prove i was over _num_ .
1	great little funky place .
0	horrible bedside manner .
1	service and outside dining was great .
0	passed 4-5 employees , nothing .
1	the attendants were nice and attentive .
0	it 's too bad .
1	great massage , great color , great people !
0	such a waste of time !
1	the service is always excellent .
0	i 'm pissed .
1	friendly waitress .
0	needless to say i will not be staying here again .
1	the toppings are great , perfect amount of sauce , and always extra cheesy .
0	and i can guarantee i will use neither priceline or hertz again .
1	ulta has the best return policy !
0	not a huge deal , but annoying since we asked them to do that .
1	the service is fast .
0	worst meal we 've ever had .
1	good baklava .
0	chow mein screamed at me in chinese and refused to do anything .
1	we had a couple of pastries , too , and they were very good .
0	not the most efficient way to get your food .
1	guys here are always knowledgeable and will point you in the right direction .
0	eh whatever , i said .
1	brat , burger , onion rings and a malt !
0	it took _num_ minutes for a waiter to come and greet us with menus .
1	awesome place for families to eat in a nice , warm atmosphere .
0	our burgers were unremarkable - not that flavorful or moist .
1	service was great !
0	overall , i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
1	jimmy runs a great family owned business .
0	very disappointed with the pedicure i received .
1	i received phone calls , even on christmas day , regarding his status .
0	what a disappointment .
1	i would highly recommend this practice .
0	do not eat here .
1	i will definitely be coming back here again when i 'm out this way !
0	so , i just would not order again .
1	he was very friendly ; good customer service .
0	slow , lots of mistakes .
1	fresh chips and great food great service .
0	i did n't even want to bother complaining and waiting to get more food .
1	excellent service .
0	she noticed but said nothing .
1	mike is really great at what he does .
0	we saved our money on the card since there will be no second visit .
1	but they do offer daily specials and have a great decor inside .
0	this place does not know how to do scrambled eggs .
1	great mexican and good restaurant .
0	this place was just eh .
1	excellent service !
0	the pizza lacked flavor , cheese was cheap with opened canned tomato sauce .
1	i recently moved from surprise and was looking for a new salon .
0	i wish i could give no stars .
1	we are vegas locals and love staying there when we need a little getaway !
0	rude , rude , rude .
1	this food is authentic yummy goodness !
0	he should n't take it out on customers though .
1	we also sampled some olive oils -- they were all delicious !
0	i was shocked to see that they were using fake frozen meatballs .
1	the office is very clean and welcoming .
0	i do n't appreciate carmax putting my family at risk .
1	place is really good .
0	third time trying breakfast here too .
1	the steak quesadilla is excellent also .
0	would have enjoyed a non fried appetizer ?
1	great chicken parm , incredible prosciutto caprese sandwich !
0	the walls and ceiling were moldy and the service sucked .
1	good food , really cheap prices , great service , fun atmosphere .
0	prices are n't all that great either .
1	delicious food , good service , ca n't ask for more .
0	not good at all !
1	the hotel was terrific ; staff was incredibly friendly and helpful .
0	after reading reviews and looking at pictures , i had to try it .
1	if you like pie , also make sure to get a slice .
0	i do n't personally like it but my husband likes going here for steak .
1	my sister and i were both pleasantly surprised with our meal .
0	completely unacceptable in my opinion .
1	perfect experience with my salesman brian and his manager bill .
0	which you failed , because of your tire .
1	everyone is friendly and kind .
0	it 's all different , and not for the better .
1	steak was very , very good .
0	the food was alright nothing that would make us come back at all .
1	caramel pecan silk supreme pie is heaven .
0	save your money and do not go to this pizza hut .
1	a bit spicy .
0	never stepping in there again .
1	food is always fresh and well cooked .
0	hostess could have cared less that we left .
1	the italian grinder is heaven in your mouth !
0	the margarita chicken was bland and the black beans looked old .
1	i 'll be back in few years for a new car !
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	excellent !
0	did n't get the chance to ask the guy about lessons .
1	loved the vegan pho !
0	this is not going to be a good review .
1	!
0	it 's been like this for the last _num_ months .
1	really great bfast and beautiful setting .
0	went here tonight , will never be back .
1	it is consistently delicious .
0	avoid this one if you can .
1	this place was awesome great job on cleaning and waxing the car .
0	i would rather walk than use service again .
1	i recommend the machaca burro , and my husband loves their chile relleno .
0	the peanuts were more like saw dust .
1	: ) very honest people working here !
0	the cheese crisp was really lacking and very oily .
1	highly recommend .
0	it was ugly .
1	great service and they had what i came for .
0	she passed us off to the other girl and never looked back .
1	had dinner here the other night and it was lovely .
0	i chose the fiesta chicken chopped salad and new chicken tortilla soup .
1	if you 're in this area , this is the place !
0	do you enjoy standing at the counter for _num_ minutes just waiting to order ?
1	recommend to anyone who likes thai .
0	the balsamic whatever sirloin was awful .
1	always a friendly staff .
0	the `` excuse '' i was given was their `` overhead '' was higher .
1	love this place !
0	bad , bad , bad .
1	excellent food .
0	but unfortunately zero stars for customer service .
1	i love how close it is to biltmore !
0	it was not as good as he or i remembered .
1	pretty good pizza .
0	another disappointment .
1	great place .
0	after all i am the customer and i was not satisfied at all .
1	fresh root beer made right in store .
0	chips stale and cold with meh salsa .
1	did partial highlights from living social and will definitely go back .
0	the fries are n't anything to speak of either .
1	easy test ride .
0	bad .
1	any design you can dream of they do !
0	dont go there if you dont want your horses to get sick !
1	i highly recommend this spa .
0	the items inside the taco were n't that great either .
1	... ... ... ... .
0	she tells me _num_ minutes .
1	jerry s was our technician , and he was great and honest !
0	when the pizza was delivered it was the wrong pizza .
1	the room was clean and the beds so comfortable .
0	worse than chinese food at the mall .
1	their menu has many more options as well .
0	she is not an asset to this company .
1	the breakfast burritos are also worth trying !
0	ugh .
1	have gotten some great stuff that way .
0	the beef taco meat was dried out , and without much flavor .
1	i had i great experience at walker furniture .
0	do n't understand the hype .
1	i love their sandwiches , especially the symphony and the encore .
0	but , this is getting ridiculous .
1	food was terrific .
0	the sauce they gave us ( medium ) looked like butter or cheese .
1	my server was friendly and cute and kept my drink filled .
0	i do n't know where they got him but he needs to go back .
1	just fantastic !
0	`` we will call you '' .
1	good food !
0	cashier asks me to repeat my order to him .
1	my fianc is so impressed in how it turned out .
0	and it was n't just my order that was thrown out .
1	we loved everything !
0	right then i knew they were liars and flat out dishonest .
1	one of my absolute favorites now .
0	service was extremely slow .
1	food is really good and reasonable .
0	quite possibly the worst business i have ever dealt with .
1	their stuffed croissants are fantastic !
0	cheap , for sure ... but you get what you pay for .
1	i 've always had great food and good service here .
0	however , there was a bad smell in the entire place .
1	wonderful 2nd floor exhibit .
0	are these the kind of employees the phoenix va have as support staff ?
1	great food , great customer service , and the prices are right .
0	being a former employee of sonic i know how busy it can get .
1	customer service is excellent , too .
0	first of all the service here was slower than slow .
1	we had a great meal and i 'm looking forward to going back .
0	this was our 2nd time dining here .
1	the cart girl was most gracious and courteous .
0	if i could rate at zero stars or even less , i would .
1	pizza is really good .
0	only deserving of _num_ stars .
1	thanks for the fast and friendly service , annette .
0	it was _num_ am !
1	consistency in quality in a coffee joint is what i 'm looking for !
0	the room is not worth _num_ bucks .
1	but it 's consistent service and good food .
0	horrible !
1	i moved to fountain hills a year ago .
0	why am i forced to leave an _num_ % tip ?
1	it 's always great to see your meat sliced in front of you .
0	do the math , you arrogant `` princess '' !
1	everyone is nice in the clinic and straight to the point .
0	this golf course by far has the worst employees ever .
1	the pizza is delicious .
0	the deep fried house potatoes were delish .
1	small place but excellent food and friendly service .
0	horrible customer service .
1	this olive garden has earned my respect and my business for life !
0	if you want any type of quality , look elsewhere .
1	the staff is friendly and accommodating .
0	well rude staff .
1	we love the food and the atmosphere .
0	the turkey sandwich had dry bread too .
1	love it !
0	you guys need to hire better doctors cause the ones you have are useless .
1	everyone was great and we had a blast .
0	she sent it back .
1	the staff is quick and efficient in turning around their on-site orders .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	nice and fresh .
0	we waited _num_ minutes while multiple workers walked by before someone would help us .
1	the best pho i have had .
0	lousy !
1	great tasting special rolls ( salmon dynamite is really good and different ) .
0	but honestly , the food is n't that great ( imho ) .
1	granted this is my first time , it was very enjoyable .
0	it 's cheap , but you pay for what it 's worth .
1	fast service & friendly folks , imo .
0	i hate this walmart .
1	the atmosphere is very quaint and intimate .
0	this waffle house appeared dirty down to the dishes .
1	it 's my second time here .
0	the environment was very sketchy and unsafe .
1	the food is true vietnamese .
0	stay far away from this place .
1	kim moore is fantastic , as are the other staff i 've worked with .
0	the apartment had n't been cleaned and i walked in to find no tv .
1	this place is thee best little dinning burger place in phoenix , az .
0	so for now i will deal with , however it 's very frustrating !
1	great customer service and a surprisingly large selection of unique products .
0	at world market , there is almost nothing that i can ever see using .
1	this place is great !
0	it was worse than the worst disneyland line .
1	the store is always clean and `` cheerful '' looking .
0	she simply said that sometimes they are n't told when someone is seated outside .
1	we love hot bagel , the food is delicious .
0	it my be another _num_ years before we go back .
1	very happy !
0	a spoon would have been nice , too .
1	this location is impeccably neat .
0	stale , old beer smell !
1	god bless texas !
0	i look over at jill while i am waiting and she is in pain .
1	i can really compare this pho place to back home in cali !
0	like how can i have never visited a hooters .
1	the best sashimi in the valley .
0	oh , wait ... .
1	this place is affordable but also very delicious .
0	i mean ... absolutely terrible .
1	she is a breath of fresh air and very knowledgable .
0	seated immediately , and our server was polite and attentive .
1	small & hidden but very reasonable .
0	i wo n't be taking my kids back , unless i 'm desperate .
1	service is fast for lunches and they treat you well .
0	however , i gave it _num_ stars because the service is downright horrible .
1	clean and modern feel to the layout .
0	worst bk i 've ever been to .
1	she is the sweetest thing , so funny , kind , and nice .
0	carmax .
1	staff super friendly and remember you each time .
0	he also went of script several time and repeated himself as well .
1	all of it was good including all the side dishes .
0	unacceptable .
1	the front desk staff are caring and professional .
0	when i started to eat , it tasted just as odd .
1	great place to shop for dairy products , especially eggs and milk .
0	if there is a way to give them zero star i will .
1	great selection in the humidor .
0	nothing besides tell us to stop `` making trouble '' .
1	this place is spotless , the decor is just amazing .
0	i have not opened them yet .
1	priced right for the neighborhood and the casual decor .
0	a bit too thick for my personal preference .
1	his words were beautiful and moved everyone to tears .
0	very disappointed in the customer service attitude of the staff .
1	great place for a burger !
0	no stars !
1	but they have some of the best customer service in the biz .
0	i 'm military so i live my life by my _num_ army values .
1	had another wonderful dinner with great friendly service .
0	there is too much competition out there to deal with that .
1	the meats were all tender and delicious .
0	this pizza is not worth half the price they 're charging for it .
1	the food is pretty average and very authentic .
0	we took one sip and realized it was bad .
1	great great great .
0	sadly , they do n't seem to care either .
1	perfect neighborhood bar and grill .
0	never ate at a chipotle again .
1	breath is horrible but i love it !
0	lovely on the outside , disappointing on the inside .
1	barbecue 'd and juicy with a nice fire grilled flavor .
0	i had $ _num_ in gift cards i was ready to get down with !
1	i feel safe .
0	we visited due to the outstanding yelp reviews , but were extremely disappointed .
1	i come for the pho , its the best in madison .
0	the few times i have visited this location they always get my order wrong .
1	we got breakfast burritos from here and they were sooooo good !
0	she has no idea how to listen to patients .
1	will continue to use them more in the future .
0	would not recommend this hotel even at the low cost .
1	great prices .
0	this place makes taco bell look like a _num_ star gourmet restaurant .
1	keep up the great work valle luna !
0	this location is hit or miss if you get good chicken .
1	prices are quite reasonable .
0	Neutral
1	the final compliment i have is the consistency of the drinks .
0	the quantity of food was small in comparison to my previous experiences .
1	service has always been really great here .
0	_num_ lbs . ''
1	this office is great .
0	a ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza ?
1	i give it a total of four stars !
0	_num_ hours .
1	atmosphere is great , service is friendly and excellent .
0	went back today to try the new burgers advertised on tv .
1	gooey , melts cheese , delicious toppings , amazing pizza !
0	almost three days later , i had n't heard back from them .
1	great italian joint .
0	the entire salon and nail stations were disgusting .
1	great staff and service !
0	also , i could smell cigarettes in the room .
1	food is best around and price is good .
0	i did n't love the customer service by any stretch of the imagination .
1	everything was reasonably priced , and very good .
0	waited _num_ minutes for drinks , _num_ minutes for good .
1	the setting is gorgeous .
0	that leads me to january _num_ .
1	the food is great .
0	but on the bright side they do have hot peppers as an option .
1	was a first timer at the buffet but it was good .
0	i guess i will now wait another _num_ weeks to get this problem solved .
1	the coffee roast was obviously a perfected art here !
0	her reply just made me so angry .
1	their prix fixe menu gives almost unbelievable value on truly fine eats .
0	i ca n't stand this place !
1	great food and service .
0	how can any businesses possibly be such a mess ?
1	they take pride in doing a good job .
0	so glad this place is going under .
1	we love you !
0	guess we really were sol .
1	i was very happy with our choice in picking this restaurant for dinner .
0	i wish we would have gone to the jamba juice next door .
1	i always have loved this place !
0	i made the mistake of going here on a whim .
1	i really enjoy their pad thai and spicy fried rice .
0	car finally done then it comes back with dirt all over the door .
1	cool side room with an additional bar .
0	my stay was on feb _num_ , _num_ .
1	the girls are sweet and talkative .
0	one thing is for sure , the owners will read about it .
1	ichiza is the most authentic japanese restaurant in town .
0	no lard for sure !
1	awesome food and great atmosphere !
0	he looked at me like i just killed somebody .
1	something for everyone and very unusual choices which are all terrific .
0	the lunch buffet is $ _num_ , but it is awful .
1	anytime , its a great place to relax with friends !
0	my first contact was last thursday ( october _num_ ) .
1	great hole in the wall bar and grill .
0	when the police got there they made them refund my money !
1	winner .
0	the worst experience ever !
1	lots of other good things on the menu !
0	how 's that for utterly insane ?
1	it 's very fun and exciting .
0	dealership should have stated that car had a major transmission issue .
1	excellent service for a good price .
0	to me it feels like they simply do n't care .
1	it is so nice to have a friendly person come out to your house .
0	i would not pay more that _num_ a night though .
1	great customer service !
0	screaming , laughing , crying .
1	they were still talking about how great the food was months after our wedding .
0	could not eat it but did n't complain just decided to let it go .
1	love this place !
0	they should learn their laws management is horrible as well .
1	this is my favorite tj .
0	no call .
1	i 've always appreciated their efficiency and honesty .
0	we wait and wait and wait .
1	the salsa bar was also on point and i will definitely be returning !
0	never again will i spend another dollar there .
1	lentil soup was excellent with a nice rich broth .
0	however , i noticed they were very uneven when i got home .
1	they open at 9:00 .
0	i paid $ _num_ for repairs .
1	super smooth , smokey , and a nice slow heat .
0	so i do n't know what to think .
1	from the key lime martini to the cinnamon rolls at the end ... fantastic !
0	the food was cold and did not meet expectations .
1	you will get charged extra if you ask for more pita .
0	no cheese , no salsa , not sauce , no sour cream !
1	small atmosphere , decorated with their home ideas and flavorful food !
0	will not go back there again .
1	been coming for years and they never disappoint !
0	i arrived and was met at the door by the sign , `` sorry .
1	crisp clean flavors with complex combinations of textures .
0	and no squeezed lime either .
1	love the burgers they have here !
0	do you not know how to open a fence ?
1	his staff are friendly and nice .
0	_num_ minutes for water and i could count the guests on one hand .
1	all experiences with service have been amazing .
0	my steak was cold , and over done .
1	the double cheeseburger is actually worth dealing with that .
0	negative two stars !
1	just talking to the owner is worth the trip , he 's amazing !
0	yea dont feel it .
1	just got a new car and will be taking it to see bud .
0	sadly that is about the only good thing i can say about this place .
1	prices excellent for the quality of the food .
0	also not to mention this was all done on a holiday .
1	staff was extremely friendly .
0	the room does n't even have a refrigerator ?
1	over all great experience !
0	maybe not , but sadly i wo n't ever go back now .
1	great atmosphere and happy hour specials !
0	i was amazed how unprofessional the company was .
1	good atmosphere and friendly compassionate staff .
0	the excuse was that it was during a shift change !
1	excellent and trustworthy mechanic .
0	poor service all the way around .
1	just your standard bar menu , but all of it hits the spot .
0	terrible , extremely noticeable and customer service unprofessional .
1	the unlimited fries are always a hit and i love steak fries .
0	not exactly the kind of place you can just help yourself .
1	its very important to order it this way .
0	and , do n't bother contacting management , they will ignore you .
1	by far the best place for a pedicure in the valley !
0	well , what 's wrong with the head ?
1	love it !
0	there has been multiple break ins into vehicles even one stolen from the lot .
1	i enjoy the croissants , flaky and light ( like me !
0	for breakfast so how could we go wrong ?
1	love the bruschetta !
0	yes , another salt lick that could double as a hockey puck .
1	so good it seriously brought a tear to my eye .
0	have been growing more disappointed with each visit .
1	rei is awesome .
0	but i ca n't wait to move .
1	good for gifts for the hard to shop for as well .
0	overheard gentleman next to us send back his food .
1	)
0	very disappointing birthday dinner for my son .
1	the owners and their staff are always timely , professional and friendly .
0	big mistake !
1	the owners are friendly and inviting .
0	definitely a place to frequent if you `` want to be left alone '' .
1	great variety of ingredients !
0	nothing was good , i 'm sad to report .
1	first of all , the servings are huge !
0	_num_ .
1	second , the bar has a much better atmosphere for watching the big game .
0	the places was n't even full and there were empty tables !
1	worth a trip .
0	it took over _num_ minutes to get the order .
1	was one of the best tacos i 've ever tasted .
0	first off , i noticed how much more they charged here compared to la .
1	surprisingly comfy and stylish seating and lighting for a primarily take out shop .
0	$ _num_ for dinner for two at a `` neighborhood '' place ?
1	this place has honored his name .
0	this place needs to go back to the basics of customer service !
1	hope you go there , i am a regular .
0	sure _num_ minutes .
1	no , wait ... delicious , tasty , friendly , fun , unbelievable !
0	this is shocking customer service coming from a resort with multiple _num_ diamond ratings .
1	highly recommend this office .
0	shame on me for even returning and giving them a second chance .
1	i would recommend going here .
0	the smell of it was foul .
1	they go way beyond professionalism and excellent customer service .
0	they took _num_ times as long as estimate .
1	amazing !
0	the guy even gives me a student discount after i noticed they honor them .
1	this place is amazing .
0	when it came down to orders and service though , sadly was disappointed .
1	love this place .
0	staff is lazy and rude .
1	: ) will come back again !
0	shame on you .
1	like i said , they literally saved my life .
0	food was ok the burritos come with just meat nothing else .
1	always very good .
0	not run well at all !
1	i appreciate good service when i receive it , thank you brandon !
0	i love chipotle but just had the worst experience .
1	ono was outstanding .
0	the mother was extremely rude and particular unhelpful .
1	great for group hangouts !
0	still probably better than any quick options at the dirty bird next door .
1	this is my favorite spot in pittsburgh !
0	ca n't quite figure that one out .
1	they run specials that are good especially in the meat department .
0	worst customer service ever .
1	fantastic dinner .
0	ugh .
1	this was the best hidden spot ever !
0	the onion rings were tasty and diet dr. pepper is always a plus .
1	all of the pasta dishes are great .
0	i also tried their caprese omelet and it was too garlicky .
1	interesting and maybe a little light .
0	we will not be back what a ripoff the dealership is cheaper .
1	everyone was kind and helpful .
0	would 've let it go , had my food been good .
1	this is my new favorite place that is super close to my house .
0	the egg rolls , crap .
1	amazing food and great service !
0	the decorations were weird , even for christmas .
1	so i will be back !
0	total rip off job .
1	everything is always consistent .
0	no more fuel for me .
1	the waitress was super nice and attentive !
0	the employees could have cared less as well .
1	super clean and awesome massage .
0	i would rather have _num_ well done selections to chose from then this mess .
1	amazing machaca burrito and oysters .
0	)
1	this place is great .
0	service very bad , asada looked more like boiled than grilled .
1	everyone is always fantastic .
0	this is the worst place ever !
1	everyone there is knowledgeable and goes the extra mile to please .
0	god i miss buddy 's !
1	it 's kind of like jack in the box , but better .
0	this is not just a service thing .
1	love this place .
0	this is not a well run location .
1	a consistently positive experience .
0	and finally the beef was extremely dry .
1	the food is great , very relaxing .
0	a discount of $ _num_ on a bill of $ _num_ .
1	dr. tom has patience !
0	worst place to live in az .
1	everything i have had so far has been fantastic .
0	worst customer service ever .
1	it is a small restaurant right next to the wall greens .
0	but the sink had some dirty stains all over it from the last guest .
1	great job with my dental work .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	great upscale italian restaurant .
0	drinks were terrible .
1	pros : brian has amazing customer service skills .
0	not impressed .
1	this starbucks is awesome .
0	disgusting lunch .
1	other diner thought the ahi tuna salad was good as well .
0	this place is awful .
1	we got back around 12:30 and had so much fun .
0	the sears employees did n't even know when they closed .
1	price to beat !
0	the bleu cheese dressing is good .
1	you guys rock !
0	i am too nice .
1	staff is nice and this place is super kid friendly .
0	inexperienced rude staff .
1	the staff is personable and welcoming .
0	garlic ranch sauce they have at the salsa bar is disgusting .
1	very easy to work with .
0	folks , it 's empty when you walk in for a reason .
1	wonderful little italian restaurant hidden in a strip mall one mile from westin .
0	this store and store # _num_ is the worst store of customer service !
1	nice selection .
0	i am not my mother .
1	highly recommend if you are dining outside of charlotte .
0	beware of getting sick here !
1	i 'm visiting my son and family from nc .
0	mother who does n't walk so well .
1	each meal came with two sides and choice of bread .
0	the waiter did n't even question why i did n't eat my entree .
1	the bartender is also generous in his pours .
0	bad attitude and average food , skip it .
1	but the thing i absolutely love the most is their return policy .
0	however , they really need to do something about their booth seats .
1	they have a great wine list , as well .
0	i asked for my fried rice and she said it was coming .
1	friendly staff and tasty food makes for a winning combination !
0	never go back .
1	i 'm in love with this community .
0	the flatbread was cold and hard .
1	much more pleasant than the sterile offices in malls .
0	the female workers there were out right rude !
1	good guys .
0	quantity - here 's where they really fall behind .
1	nina , the owner , greeted all the guests and was lovely .
0	four tables without people , all covered with plates and trash .
1	staff !
0	do n't eat here .
1	i love this place .
0	rude .
1	you got ta try it !
0	ordered a house salad w/ no cucumbers & no croutons .
1	del taco ... just amazing !
0	i 'm sure there are much better places .
1	great price and they had me back up in running in _num_ minutes .
0	however , the salad was not edible in fact we took it back .
1	great experience !
0	very rarely do i regret purchasing a croissant ... but this time i do .
1	love this place !
0	the casino is sad .
1	always fresh , healthy , upbeat .
0	but the stories that left the place where priceless .
1	tammy , the bartender makes an excellent cadillac margarita .
0	both of our dishes tasted less appetizing than usual .
1	you can tell every one there truly cares about the animals brought in .
0	bad customer service .
1	pretty good food descent for casa grande !
0	thankfully , the bk employee continued to give me my cup of coffee .
1	pizza there is flavorful and new york style .
0	i wanted to like this place , i really did .
1	inexpensive , fast service and the pho is amazing .
0	joyful for who ?
1	very great food and friendly staff .
0	i arrived and was disappointed to not see the arrangement i ordered .
1	both were savory and delicious .
0	the guys there were helpful initially .
1	flavorful food .
0	very poor service .
1	food was great !
0	so bad .
1	the best place in town for asian cuisine & sushi .
0	( my tips were very narrow at the bottom ) .
1	this place is the best , i have been coming here all my life .
0	overall with the oil and salt , it was somewhat difficult to eat .
1	amazing bartenders !
0	as usual i do n't blame the employees as much as the management .
1	love this place !
0	by this time i 'm pissed .
1	the server was very friendly and even my iced tea to go .
0	luckily we were taking it home because it was ice cold in that place !
1	it was great .
0	one of the worst places i visited recently !
1	employees are phenomenal .
0	we pay for this service , we should get service .
1	it is really a nice looking salon .
0	buy a beer , walk around and see some dead guys ' guitars .
1	definitely worth the money .
0	if you have any other options , do n't fly into this airport .
1	i love the staff here and their selection is great .
0	i just left and left the food there as well .
1	amy did a great job with my haircut and style .
0	does guy fieri ever give a bad review ?
1	our whole party loved their dishes .
0	the only thing they do share is the stupid `` cash only '' sign .
1	had a great time on valentines weekend .
0	it 's a shame ; i saw some floor models i liked too .
1	total package , always have a good time here !
0	i was not comped .
1	great bunch of people .
0	only come here in the morning and get out quick .
1	i would definitely recommend him for your event .
0	there were _num_ new guys that just started training today .
1	this place is great .
0	the sandwich was not good and was expensive .
1	exceptional food .
0	there was barely any sauce and my pasta was still somewhat hard .
1	we were treated like family with the utmost dignity and respect .
0	bad people .
1	this is a great dive bar .
0	another disappointment .
1	these guys are amazing .
0	just another chain food restaurant .
1	i love this place .
0	i may not be back !
1	the truth is , i came here for the name .
0	too bad there is n't _num_ stars .
1	we both enjoyed our meals , appetizers , beverages , and dessert .
0	waited over _num_ minutes for someone to take our order .
1	perfect lunch portions .
0	the bartender was a bitch too with attitude .
1	it was a good time and cool atmosphere .
0	i had to wait _num_ minutes to get food .
1	thank you for being so honest , classy , and kind !
0	they end up splitting us into _num_ different tables ( not a problem ) .
1	# _num_ is my favorite !
0	if you are looking for work , look elsewhere this place blows with management .
1	the omelettes are amazing ( try the jo jo ) .
0	though we did sit there for a good _num_ minutes .
1	we had excellent customer service .
0	so sad !
1	service is nice and friendly .
0	yes _num_ 1/2 hours that is unacceptable service .
1	the follow up by tina & her staff is amazing .
0	the servers here gives off a negative vibe toward its customers .
1	woot woot !
0	terrible .
1	love the atmosphere and vibe here .
0	hmmm makes no sense .
1	he is friendly with my cat who is curious to what he is doing !
0	it 's not their fault that they do n't have time !
1	we will definitely be back .
0	never never again .
1	this place is a hidden gem .
0	if you like getting ripped off and buying sick fish be my guess .
1	so i will definitely go back !
0	i called and spoke with an extremely unhelpful guy , he sounded young .
1	my niece loves the chicken here .
0	i waffle between _num_ stars and _num_ .
1	really friendly staff , and the food was fantastic .
0	this is your typical mom and pop place .
1	i 've been here once and had a great experience .
0	the driver was very nice and courteous but that 's where the positives end .
1	this is one of my favorite lunch places .
0	the place was out of control .
1	glad we stopped on our way through town !
0	great pizza , they should hire more professional waiters .
1	new jersey new york style right in phoenix !
0	my twice baked potato was decent .
1	i had rare beef .
0	there 's nothing else we can do , '' .
1	the food was excellent and service was very attentive .
0	i have been calling the owner for three days now and no return call .
1	great food and great service try the shrimp enchiladas .
0	first , it is small , smaller than it lets on .
1	i always come to this location and it 's always good .
0	Positive
1	super nice guy and very helpful .
0	worst sam 's club ever !
1	must must try the fresh mozzarella ( salad or sandwich form ) .
0	and the cheese was a thick melted slice of american cheese .
1	it will make the hairs in your nose stand up .
0	the flavor was overly salted & they put way too much sauce over it .
1	friendly staff , reliable service .
0	it was like you were paying for the scenery , and not the food .
1	amanda was our server and she was sweet and attentive .
0	horrible company .
1	also it is really easy to order online for delivery .
0	gross .
1	really nice club and of course very friendly as you would expect !
0	but the reply from chef was really making me upset .
1	some of the best seafood that i have had in a while .
0	the staff has gone from polite , to indifferent , to borderline hostile .
1	i highly recommend !
0	diagnosis - now my alternator does n't work .
1	jean , you have customers for life !
0	i did n't finish it .
1	i actually like their sauce , and the cheese is good .
0	will not be coming back here !
1	everything was flavored very nicely and fresh tasting .
0	the guacamole had already turned brown when the food arrived .
1	the complex is well groomed and the staff is extremely helpful !
0	i find it unacceptable to not be greeted when your store is dead slow .
1	it is quaint and has a perfect selection of food and goods .
0	blueberry pancakes were very bland .
1	and when they have sales , they have great sales !
0	avoid like the plague !
1	we were here twice in one day because the first time was so good .
0	try panera bread across the street .
1	not great service but great food !
0	she thought the potato side was just so-so .
1	will return most definitely and have told everyone i know of the joyful experience .
0	do n't you do this all day ?
1	don is friendly and knowledgeable .
0	it tasted more like something whipped up in a commercial kitchen than something homemade .
1	it tastes homemade soooo fresh !
0	long story short , they took forever to order my tire .
1	they are all great but erica is my favorite .
0	told me if i cancelled now would be a $ _num_ charge .
1	he does fantastic work .
0	needless to say we did not return to redeem it .
1	the donuts are nice and fluffy ; not too sweet .
0	wo n't be back .
1	it 's heaven !
0	our server seemed like he was trying to drag out our order .
1	the staff is always friendly and accommodating .
0	really , where were all the servers ?
1	i am definitely a fan !
0	no a/c that works .
1	ride the incline for spectacular views and a slice of pittsburgh history !
0	at this point i am so frustrated !
1	great place with delicious food !
0	ended up throwing away basically all of our food .
1	pretty solid venue .
0	not so much .
1	super fast service !
0	a worst in the airline industry phone app , however , makes things worse .
1	really good thin crust pizza !
0	however , the food is always not been so great .
1	the sushi was outstanding !
0	the time prior , i went and they were out of tomatoes .
1	their beer batter fish is crisp , tasty , and not at all greasy .
0	walked in the door and we were n't greeted at all .
1	service is usually excellent .
0	he tries to sell me an interior detail for $ _num_ .
1	new one arrived in perfect condition .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	they are very detailed and explain everything to you .
0	be prepared to wait up to an hour to be seated for weekend brunch .
1	it was divey and old school and it was great .
0	we live nearby , but i will avoid ever going back .
1	it 's that good !
0	saturday evening , for dinner , was an experience that left us very disappointed .
1	the best gyros in pittsburgh !
0	the service was n't very good .
1	my children love it here .
0	but very overpriced .
1	love it here !
0	boo for the bitter bartender .
1	now that 's service !
0	still trying to get the lost prescription today after _num_ phone calls .
1	everyone is extremely helpful and willing to go the extra mile .
0	just accept what this is and that nothing really matters because it 's vegas .
1	the best sports bar in america .
0	disgusting !
1	the food is delicious and the service is phenomenal !
0	this hotel is awful .
1	excellent southern italian style dishes .
0	avoid this place if you have the option .
1	the service is great !
0	capital grille two weeks ago , my son , same thing .
1	food tasted great and was pretty darn cheap to boot !
0	waited an hour and still did n't see the dr. really bad management .
1	order was correct , delivery right on time and prices are fair .
0	left a message with their receptionist and asked to have him return my call .
1	i really loved the hot wings grilled !
0	Very negative
1	best pork buns ever !
0	i know you are n't homeless , you are too pro at it .
1	great shop !
0	the person helping me did n't seem to listen to my concerns .
1	they have plenty of great vegetarian options .
0	first , we did n't get our waters even after we asked twice .
1	they are friendly and efficient while treating customers with respect .
0	no call back from mimi 's , just their insurance company .
1	great pizza , wings and salads .
0	they have lost my business for anything , forever .
1	i will continue to stay here when traveling into the phoenix area .
0	the whole umc brand as a whole is disgusting .
1	such a cool place near where i live and work .
0	even after constant complaints , this company has continued to deliver sub-par service .
1	bob did a great job .
0	not anymore !
1	highly recommended !
0	unfortunately , i was disappointed .
1	wait staff super friendly .
0	the worst service ever .
1	the price is good too .
0	_num_ .
1	we will definitely be back !
0	very disappointed in chilis .
1	trustworthy and reliable .
0	dirty smelly nasty !
1	i cant wait to eat here again .
0	awful experience , and even worse food !
1	i am glad i got to see this place .
0	they were celebrating a remodel and having quite a busy saturday .
1	the service is fast , professional and courteous .
0	he did n't need to treat me with such disregard .
1	good stuff !
0	the plastic seats made it feel like i was at a burger king .
1	it 's classy , casual , dressy ... you name it !
0	apps were cold .
1	the starter bread was great too .
0	i should have probably ordered from the diet menu .
1	definitely my go to place !
0	gross !
1	she is amazing i 've been going to her since _num_ !
0	_num_ .
1	if you have n't been here or are thinking of checking it.
0	sure , it 's friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable .
1	the jukebox is pretty solid , too .
0	ill admit it , i 'm an idiot .
1	it truly made our wedding a hassle free experience .
0	i 've been in _num_ times and left empty handed .
1	spicy tuna roll great , margaritas nice but a little small .
0	it was a lot of money for average food .
1	this is probably the best place for a sweet tooth .
0	too sweet and the noodles lacked definition .
1	i love this location !
0	terrible service , terrible food , bad attitude .
1	great menu full of delicious smoothies , and add in vitamins .
0	even charges $ _num_ for complimentary bread that you find in most restaurants .
1	will definitely be back .
0	very disappointing .
1	awesome !
0	i got my lip waxed and literally part of my lip was taken off .
1	compassionate , caring , flexible , knowledgeable .
0	he told me i should get some ear cleaning solution .
1	i love you baby .
0	i caught the hostess drinking out of my child 's to-go cup .
1	the best vodka sauce and meatballs ever.
0	they are rude and run out of the chicken all the time .
1	food was hot , fresh , and brought to our table fast .
0	but this time around , it was not great .
1	off the charts good .
0	`` pathetic customer service '' .
1	their beds are so comfortable .
0	i will never use this walgreens pharmacy again .
1	we got married here yesterday .
0	not quality nails !
1	we 've thoroughly enjoyed the chocolate lava cake as well .
0	first mistake .
1	this place was absolutely delicious !
0	horrible !
1	)
0	first time was the saturday before easter sunday .
1	look forward to going back !
0	my hubby likes to sit at the bar and order the chicken enchilada pizza .
1	they are surprisingly well stocked and have mostly everything you would need .
0	lastly , on the bill , they add in their own `` gratuity '' .
1	chips and salsa are great !
0	i too went the first time based on a recommendation .
1	one major plus the restrooms are uber clean !
0	this store needs major work , not in its appearance but in its service .
1	best mexican food in town !
0	the sheets were filthy and stained .
1	they are the perfect place to stop for a drink .
0	the cookies are large but i could make better at home .
1	the menu is full of lot 's of choices .
0	i 'm not sure what is going on with that .
1	high dive is pretty good ( see st. vincent ) .
0	shame on them for this happening so often !
1	they brewed a pour over i requested , excellent !
0	they suck and they do n't even care about you .
1	good experience overall .
0	the lady was extremely rude and hung up on me .
1	the warm chips and delicious , spicy salsa kept coming .
0	their were only _num_ employees , and were very under staffed .
1	these guys are super friendly .
0	this store has absolutely no customer service on the floor .
1	and that is delicious steaks , insane deserts and outstanding service .
0	the cheddar tasted sweet ( i know , weird , right ? )
1	make reservations right before the sunset restaurant has an amazing view !
0	second of all , that 's nasty .
1	got a nice upgrade with a nice view of the lake outside .
0	the room was cold .
1	it was excellent .
0	dust on produce is unacceptable .
1	great service , they go out of their way to make you happy .
0	it was bland .
1	sound quality was superb .
0	always mess up my order .
1	everything is super fresh .
0	slow slow slow !
1	go see james , he 'll definitely take good care of you .
0	not as the store it is today .
1	the service is friendly and fast .
0	disappointing .
1	love the booth seating in bar area .
0	i have eaten here before but not in about a year .
1	love amber !
0	the floors are disgusting , the elevators are run down .
1	food is always amazing !
0	the brisket was paper thin and boring , except the fatty part .
1	we all enjoyed it and we all would recommend it .
0	very poor customer service !
1	this place is so good !
0	what a waste of money and time .
1	it was that good .
0	she sent me to a second _num_ hours pharmacy .
1	my family had a blast , even bought a year pass .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	love this place .
0	so i guess there 's that .
1	she 's knowledgeable and actually listened to my needs and wants .
0	the course is in terrible shape .
1	the selection of mediterranean foods is very good as is the service .
0	i do n't intend to go back .
1	we ordered and our food was hot and amazing !
0	but my orange chicken was not all that great .
1	best little mexican restaurant in the area .
0	neither of which knew how to cook a burger .
1	i eat here a lot .
0	i will not go back .
1	well worth it !
0	just realized we did not get silverware .
1	and the servers are very nice .
0	it tasted bitter and bland and lacking any real preparation .
1	fun place to go in a really cool part of charlotte .
0	no big deal .
1	by the way , the beer bread is fantastic !
0	needless to say , i will never go back !
1	either way , i will be back !
0	havent been to this mall in awhile .
1	i always love going to this place !
0	i could n't be more disappointed .
1	really nice flavors , very filling , and fresh .
0	which was disgusting .
1	one of my favorites for breakfast or brunch .
0	i had cabbage soup to start and hubby had salad .
1	owner was so sweet !
0	i was boarding a late flight with only this place open .
1	we love this place .
0	i mean , it 's not like we did it on purpose .
1	the chipotle spread was great and the bread was perfectly toasted .
0	all very salty to me .
1	always a favorite .
0	so it came out and it was a small portion for _num_ and soggy .
1	the staff is very friendly and the food comes out at a good pace .
0	this property has become and absolute disaster .
1	fresh meats , fresh cuts !
0	while the food was presented nicely , i was not impressed with my burrito .
1	my favorite roll is the joe 's special !
0	when i got to the store , the price was n't marked .
1	it is sweet , savory and has a little kick to it !
0	its neither .
1	prices were reasonable and service was very good .
0	the meat had no flavor whatsoever not even salt .
1	this place is great for private parties and corporate events .
0	watching people leave after standing in line so long .
1	i can barely finish the second piece of fish but this sauce is amazing .
0	the salsa , although bland , was surprisingly spicy .
1	i was very happy with my experience here .
0	for the price we are paying , mexico will be next trip .
1	since splash had prior good reviews we gave them a try .
0	idk what was wrong today but all the pumps were out of order .
1	i had the best experience at nakama tonight .
0	sub-par sushi .
1	awesome place .
0	aside from the buckets and bathroom , the food was mediocre at best .
1	love this shop and their customer service is absolutely amazing .
0	i have been there _num_ times .
1	this place has excellent food and wonderful beer .
0	but my moms are completely ruined .
1	had a very pleasant layover here .
0	then they just put pico on and look at you .
1	lee ann is a great professional .
0	it was worse than the first visit .
1	thanks so much vicky !
0	horrible place & service .
1	this is the mexican restaurant to go to for authentic food and music .
0	do n't waste your time or your money .
1	it 's a great deal .
0	worst place !
1	juicy and very flavorful .
0	worst animal hospital my family has been to .
1	very clean restaurant .
0	ridiculous .
1	now it gets five stars .
0	dirty , unprofessional & not a nice place .
1	they are always clean , stocked , and fast .
0	never know sashimi can be this bad .
1	they have great specials for slices and the rest of their menu .
0	it was the only place that does n't require proof of shots .
1	love this place !
0	i mean , the food just tastes okay .
1	bruschetta ( traditional ) is perfect w/ drink .
0	boba was overcooked .
1	its so unlike anything in las vegas , its refreshing !
0	she told me she did n't want to do that .
1	the staff are knowledgeable and friendly .
0	they give these out in hopes that people do n't use them i guess .
1	good food , good prices and good service .
0	please do n't rip off your customers .
1	it was so good !
0	it was hard to enjoy because the blueberries were so hard .
1	one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in .
0	it does n't make sense .
1	it is really good , and it always has been .
0	for pick up reservations must be made _num_ hours in advance .
1	very relaxing and peaceful zoo .
0	then and only then will you know what i 'm talking about .
1	we were very impressed with services and the food !
0	they seem to be irritated that i have returned to make things right !
1	fast friendly service .
0	i can not recommend baby kay 's .
1	large portion sizes , very friendly staff .
0	the manager is called and tells me she can not do that .
1	but , even with all the time that has passed it is still fantastic .
0	that was _num_ to _num_ weeks ago and no call back .
1	great lunch with family .
0	on top of everything else , the prices are ridiculously expensive .
1	everything god about this little gem is incredibly good .
0	poor business standards .
1	literally the best calzone i 've had .
0	they are very cheap with their meats .
1	good selection of sports on the tv above the huge windows facing the rink .
0	now , an everything bagel should have flavor ... cheddar cheese should have flavor .
1	the veggie burger is the best i have ever had .
0	ended up at this dive because us airways had many people miss flights .
1	was just married at this chapel yesterday and it was absolutely wonderful .
0	this pizza hut is very hit and miss , but mostly miss .
1	also the theaters are always really clean and do n't smell .
0	this is n't fast food , if you ask me .
1	all _num_ star reviews are well deserved .
0	it was about $ _num_ and some change for an order of _num_ rolls .
1	great food , cool fish , nice lobster .
0	needless to say we will not be back .
1	i love this airport .
0	avoid on weekdays if you want dim sum !
1	the best breakfast in pittsburgh , no doubt .
0	management is never present when i come and it 's too inconsistent !
1	the food was absolutely amazing !
0	the desserts were absolutely pathetic .
1	i recently discovered their waffle cookies and i am hooked !
0	very disappointing .
1	just love it here !
0	eventually someone else had to finish and they did n't do that well either .
1	the service was friendly and inviting .
0	yelp totally led me wrong here !
1	thank you lovely folks at mimi 's .
0	waiter did not bring us a bread .
1	wonderful place and i will definitely go back !
0	i did n't care for his bedside manner .
1	one of my favorite places for take-out in pittsburgh .
0	they were busy ... too busy for my taste .
1	good love 's .
0	we ate here today for lunch and service was horrible !
1	i recommend the coffee and the salted chocolate chip cookie .
0	he was loud enough for everyone to hear in the room .
1	big fan of ian .
0	so i ordered uni , hamachi , smoked sake ( i know .
1	the people were super nice , helpful , and knowledgeable .
0	i usually get comp 'd for a tower room , which is pretty decent .
1	large portions and delicious .
0	our party of four met at houston 's for a late lunch this week .
1	the skillets were awesome and the crepes ... they looked fantastic .
0	my bad .
1	i have been coming here with my huge family since they opened !
0	save your money , go elsewhere .
1	love this bar .
0	not good if you care about your score .
1	i ... ... love ... ... .
0	and this was in the winter , so no heat excuses .
1	reasonably priced for the quantity and quality you receive .
0	the crust on the pizza was fairly thin .
1	i have been here a few times and definitely enjoy the experience every time .
0	slow waits for fresh fries they said .
1	foods that we 've had ( primarily apps ) are always delicious .
0	it was disappointing .
1	my guests loved the pulled pork .
0	red rice and beans were mediocre .
1	so yummy !
0	this meal was literally sooo gross .
1	incredible hospitality and devine flowers make this florist stand out from the rest .
0	dry rice , no flavor , greasy .
1	absolutely loved living here !
0	i 've been a customer for more than almost _num_ years .
1	great drink prices both happy hour and non .
0	this weekend 's pizza was overly saucy .
1	so very pleased with this dentist office !
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	i had the recent pleasure of purchasing a part there a couple weeks ago .
0	i was sent to this location , because they could make the medicine .
1	it is perfect for large & small groups .
0	more like a mexican burrito than chinese .
1	the place has a charm about it .
0	this place is weak as fuck .
1	chelsea is wonderful .
0	because it is friday now , the medicine will not arrive until monday .
1	wow wow wow !
0	i then told him i was not taking any part of the order .
1	that 's usually a sign of greatness in a restraunt .
0	my mom stayed behind because jasmine was scared .
1	liberty market has the best espresso i have ever had .
0	horrible horrible company .
1	boba tea is overpriced but it 's pretty authentic .
0	i did n't realize this until i got home .
1	my new favorite place .
0	they have messed up my delivery _num_ times !
1	i definitely would recommend this to a bride on a budget .
0	please do n't waste your time and money at this place .
1	great service .
0	this is the last time i will be visiting this god awful place .
1	delicious light donuts melts in your mouth .
0	not joking .
1	great service .
0	they mentioned it as is it were a courtesy .
1	spinach enchiladas , still amazing .
0	i tried on the dress and it was super short .
1	incredible beer and cocktail selections .
0	not my first time in vegas and traveling by cab .
1	so good !
0	gross bathrooms .
1	all in all , as good as advertised and they greatly exceeded my expectations .
0	stores like this are why starbucks has a bad reputation .
1	the warm rolls with the cinnamon butter was also a treat !
0	however , when we got there the buffet was well picked over .
1	the food was pretty decent .
0	extremely slow service and a rude waitress on top of it .
1	service with a smile and you 'll be full when you leave .
0	i 'll be honest , i just do n't get it .
1	been to a lot of smith in las vegas this one is nice .
0	i do n't care who makes my sandwich ; i just want my sandwich .
1	all very professional and attentive to the details .
0	the conversation with the owner was unbelievable , laughable at best .
1	this has always been a family fave of mine !
0	for that service alone i would n't write them off .
1	take advantage of their coupons !
0	i do n't even want money back , i want my furniture !
1	my bartender was helpful and super nice !
0	the steaks were terrible , the meat tasted very old .
1	this place was amazing !
0	so that 's a bad business move .
1	in the time i went to autumn i got constant compliments on my hair .
0	awful , food sits and is old .
1	the food looked fabulous and the server recommended the coconut shrimp .
0	they lost me.
1	got a great cut from mark one morning .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	he is very friendly , polite , and knowledgeable .
0	i wrote an email to the _num_ teachers .
1	always terrific .
0	sick .
1	the doctors are really nice and caring .
0	i went as part of a group so did not really have a choice .
1	the staff is friendly and eager to help .
0	overall the rolls had little flavor and were bland .
1	i definitely will be back .
0	terrible , terrible service !
1	thanks guys !
0	tammy is not helpful and very rude to customers .
1	they are beautiful and reflect incredible artistry .
0	wow , the wait at the drive-thru is painful in the heat !
1	they always explain everything to me and are very patient .
0	the coffee is already made they just have to put it together !
1	all the meals were delicious and served hot from the oven .
0	he sent someone else in to give me the shot .
1	i will be back there again for sure !
0	the owner could ship out contact lenses to his customers .
1	i 'll definitely come back here next time i need an oil change !
0	they were in bloody hurry always though it was just a brunch going on .
1	i highly recommend network automotive .
0	overall it was an ok meal , but i 've had a lot better .
1	it was perfect .
0	she did n't bat an eye as i started to get frustrated .
1	mom and i also enjoyed their selection of `` life is good '' merchandise .
0	i 'm clueless as to why there is so much hype for this place .
1	the mixed drinks and margaritas are wonderful too .
0	the soon tofu was extremely , uncomfortable spicy !
1	fast and very nice .
0	i also i feel the beer should be cheaper .
1	my personal favorite sushi in this town !
0	i wish i could give _num_ stars .
1	love it !
0	who cares if its a buffet , it 's still $ _num_ for lunch .
1	love love love the food .
0	wow ... that was nasty .
1	afternoon their service was pretty fast .
0	ridiculous .
1	oh , and everything i ate and smelled was insanely delicious !
0	do n't waste your time .
1	great food & service !
0	the bread is the only good part of anything .
1	i highly recommend them !
0	i ca n't believe this place is still in business .
1	omg best nail salon in town !
0	rice was dry and hard from sitting for awhile .
1	average diner comfort food done well .
0	this is another lie .
1	had a great time here .
0	applebee 's charged me $ _num_ for this stupid game i only played once .
1	the pub burger rocks and so does doc 's specialty pizza .
0	the salad was tiny and disgusting .
1	we 've recommended to family and friends .
0	my family waited one hour and _num_ minutes for this inedible garbage .
1	i love this place !
0	so because he was a know it all , more less just stupid .
1	we have always enjoyed our food and the service has been great .
0	the previous owners took so much pride in their food .
1	good food .
0	she said , i do n't need this and just left .
1	he will hook you up !
0	you could at least put like _num_ half pound meatballs on my plate .
1	spent a good amount of time looking at the animals .
0	why do i keep coming here ?
1	they want you to look good more than they want to make a sale .
0	the rolls were mushy and the fish was not fresh .
1	delicious !
0	crust was too crispy , with no flavor .
1	normally i order a burger medium and it comes well well well done .
0	his response was very short `` $ _num_ for half day '' .
1	_num_ % covered and the floor is nice and cool .
0	sounds like poor kitchen line management that should be corrected .
1	everything was really good and we are a tough group .
0	and rushed through my pedicure and did n't do a good job .
1	the technology and staff along with dr fife was great .
0	do n't waste your time here .
1	awesome !
0	nothing worse than eating and freezing at the same time !
1	always speedy .
0	my big complaint comes from the piss poor job of a wash i received .
1	the food is always fantastic and the servers are friendly and efficient .
0	it seems like we have issues every single time we come to this location .
1	this a great place if you like laid back dive bars .
0	hopefully you 'll have a better experience there if you try it out .
1	this is the first review i 've ever written .
0	completely ridiculous !
1	awesome food !
0	are you kidding me ?
1	our food was served hot and in a timely fashion .
0	the meat was too thin and possibly old .
1	delicious and super cheap !
0	we adjusted our orders accordingly when ordering and enjoyed our meal .
1	love this place , and it 's close to home .
0	the big mac tasted stale as if old bread had been used .
1	great ice .
0	_num_ % that is just horrible , and unacceptable .
1	my husband and i had a great meal .
0	young female manager very unprofessional and rude !
1	the service is great .
0	employees come in late an nobody seems to care .
1	the customer service was excellent and i was out in an hour .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	loved it !
0	looks like we 're not going to be working on it today '' .
1	it certainly delivered .
0	i had to get silverware and place mat from another table .
1	highly recommended .
0	lame .
1	sub tasted good .
0	_num_ bucks for a _num_ dollar air filter that is still mostly white ?
1	i now take my own family here .
0	i 'm not sure if they make it themselves , or they buy it .
1	very enjoyable place to eat and cool building .
0	rude .
1	while it is not fine dining , the food was hot and tasty .
0	and yes someone can contact me if they 'd like .
1	everything else aside , the customer service is great .
0	stage was set for karaoke which would have been fun !
1	daniel is so effing awesome !
0	we also regularly purchase fish and pet food from this store without incident .
1	i think they bake their own bread & it 's amazing .
0	many folks were calling the corporate office to complain .
1	people are very friendly , environment is safe and i highly recommend this pub .
0	there are no hand carts - i just needed ice cream .
1	i was also surprised by the location in a strip mall .
0	downright obnoxious and it should be against the law .
1	my son loves those desert rolls , the little fatty !
0	big mistake ... .
1	this is a great place to come for breakfast .
0	the place was clean , loud and lacked ambience and charm .
1	but the manager is extremely nice and the staff is helpful .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	this place is packed with so much goodies .
0	so i called duke energy and spoke with them about outdoor lighting .
1	the food came out really fast , but it was really good .
0	not the best customer service already , but whatever .
1	he 's awesome !
0	however i would not recommend this credit union over most banks .
1	oh yeah , they have really great groceries , too .
0	i 'm not interested in supporting either company .
1	in the end it was worth the risk .
0	made many promises and failed to keep them .
1	definitely recommend it .
0	unfortunately today was a bit of a disappointment .
1	i love donuts .
0	the hot wings i ordered came as plain breaded wings .
1	great place for picky eaters .
0	horrible service !
1	greek salad with their own homemade dressing is delicious .
0	beware of any payment problems at this place .
1	love , love , love .
0	if i could give a negative star i would .
1	i love this place !
0	i ordered the red beef curry and it was disgusting , absolutely disgusting .
1	they called and checked on her as well .
0	nowhere on my reservation did it say that room type was not guaranteed .
1	excellent wine list .
0	not that the food was bad , mind you .
1	so the mission was accomplished !
0	finally the cook came over and handed me the bag .
1	great customer service !
0	the room smells awful , it looks awful .
1	this is the best place for a wedding !
0	would n't come here unless i was absolutely desperate .
1	the pancakes we 're huge and tasty !
0	celebrating _num_ birthday 's and they came from all over the valley .
1	this is a great destination for a lunch break .
0	i was put on hold for _num_ minutes before they took our order .
1	great food .
0	the only decent person here is the greg a - the salesmen .
1	i thought the rice they used was very good .
0	he never gave me my money back either !
1	that being said ... i love dr. amy .
0	i 'm so sorry your experience with us was disappointing .
1	very impressed and a pleasant surprise as i pass through arizona !
0	not to mention my nail broke already .
1	the chefs are great !
0	it costs $ _num_ for a manicure and $ _num_ for a pedicure .
1	plus the coffee and donuts were a good thing at 7am !
0	the cab ride home cost us over $ _num_ .
1	i really like their paid parking system in the front .
0	very disappointing place .
1	i 've had their jambalaya and their gumbo ; both were top notch .
0	the attitude just gets worse as you 're shopping and checking out .
1	and she did a great job !
0	`` two regular tacos , no sauce , extra lettuce . ''
1	he did a great job and gave me exactly the cut i needed .
0	look , chain restaurants limit choice .
1	the bread was wonderful !
0	_num_ .
1	the restaurant has great food and a fun and upbeat feel to it .
0	nothing !
1	great service here from entire staff .
0	so not a great visit but not the worst , either .
1	the service was outstanding !
0	chang 's on tuesday night and have to say that is was terrible .
1	i highly recommend this store for your electronic needs .
0	everytime i went , the girls that worked there were great .
1	otherwise the ceasar is great .
0	very disappointing , the concept could be an eastern version of noodles and company .
1	good service .
0	the food at kona grill was good ... but everything else sucked .
1	tons of cute novelty things that were fun to look at before ordering dessert .
0	the other dish had no flavor really .
1	the people that go here understand the quality of the sushi .
0	you got my money this time , but never again .
1	they definitely know their customers !
0	i had made my appt _num_ hours in advance .
1	we had a great time and i would go back .
0	peach cobbler - almost the highlight of the whole meal as it was tasty .
1	hint !
0	having the last part be the worst part did n't help .
1	overall good for a little hamburger shop , but nothing spectacular .
0	which i was told on the tour would never happen .
1	then you have come to the right place .
0	others were not too thrilled and let me know it .
1	the four star rating is worth it .
0	there is zero excuse for this crap .
1	stop in for happy hour and have a one or five house margaritas .
0	the greens were just succulent .
1	he was responsive via phone and email and patient with my questions .
0	definitely the worse place i have ever been to .
1	q nails is the best .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	great food , love the nachos and california burrito with red sauce .
0	their attitude was terrible !
1	fresh , unique fish and great service .
0	the carwash itself was ok , nothing out of the ordinary .
1	great place for a top of phoenix view !
0	i would not recommend this place !
1	excellent dinner .
0	was sorely disappointed both times .
1	the coffee is good too .
0	why can they make good al pastor tacos .
1	dennis porter was great to work with and so was jr -- very professional .
0	this salon claims that they consider hair texture and face shape when performing cuts .
1	makes for a fun evening every time !
0	it 's always empty and their prices need to be more competitive .
1	my boyfriend and i came in today and we both look fantastic !
0	for a strip ( ish ) hotel , this is yuck .
1	great service from dennis and tony !
0	this kfc never fails to disappoint .
1	the cashier was really friendly and wrote happy 30th birthday amy on my cup .
0	gross !
1	great practice facilities as well .
0	neither of these occurred .
1	both also took their time , which i appreciate .
0	i was not impressed at all !
1	courtney is the most attentive bartender on the planet .
0	the manager still has not called me back .
1	the serves keep your water and drinks full .
0	i get to the restaurant for the first time this week .
1	i dream about the falafel from here .
0	i wish it was better .
1	definitely worth a stop .
0	_num_ star is too many .
1	the pizza is good and the wings are above average .
0	it could be worse i guess .
1	exquisite cuisine in a luxurious atmosphere .
0	this fry 's has become the worst store in the area .
1	you will love it !
0	i will never do business with findlay again .
1	love the trails , love the educational space .
0	after just about throwing up , i threw out the food .
1	super friendly staff , huge portions , relaxed atmosphere and good prices .
0	it was brown gravy like consistency with beef in it but almost nothing else .
1	i was really surprised at the quality and authenticity of the food !
0	i had n't even mentioned my experience .
1	great pizza , some of the best in vegas .
0	then he said he would through in bleeding my brakes for me .
1	very fun vibe , and great food .
0	i just do n't get it .
1	and i had a great workout in the gym .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	it was well worth the wait .
0	i would n't recommend anyone go here for any reason .
1	this is a really nice hotel .
0	carl promised me certain things if i bought a car and did not deliver .
1	solid diner food at the right time of day .
0	Neutral
1	i was very impressed and everyone was polite with great bedside manner .
0	i hate when people make excuses .
1	what a truly amazing experience .
0	bad business ethics .
1	best tennis shop in the 'burgh !
0	not worth it .
1	i really like this place .
0	we felt totally ripped off when we got the bill for $ _num_ !
1	i tried the garlic parmesan wings amazing .
0	the customer service totally sucks .
1	good pizza !
0	i recommend not even thinking going to this dentist !
1	they worked quickly , did a great job , and cleaned up after themselves .
0	the service has always been bad , rude servers .
1	the dogs were perfect .
0	took my car down to the dealership and it checked out okay .
1	perfect spot for a large group or if you have kids with you .
0	it may take another try , but for me that wont be anytime soon .
1	price .
0	i doubt i would come back to this place .
1	total neighborhood spot and love that it is keeping true to what it does .
0	_num_ .
1	he is top notch !
0	i 'm a customer , plain and simple .
1	friendly owners .
0	the gyro sandwich for $ _num_ was ok at best .
1	you 'll find some of the best fish tacos in town right here .
0	instead i get the deluxe snack wrap .
1	love this restaurant .
0	the prime rib was over cooked and very salted .
1	you are amazing !
0	waitress finally came running out probably thinking we skipped out .
1	i would recommend them to anyone .
0	so i feel like i am living in a trailer park .
1	the sushi is great too !
0	and there has n't been much info .
1	the staff is amazing .
0	even buffets do better for less .
1	it was incredible .
0	other issue is the next available test date would be over _num_ weeks away .
1	favorite place to go to uptown during the week .
0	they made the existing condition worse .
1	i will definitely order again , delivery service fast enough !
0	you 're better off going down the street .
1	she , along with the aura staff are fantastic .
0	too busy today .
1	i went here and had a wonderful calzone and cookie covered in ice cream !
0	ok food with large portions .
1	i love this place !
0	i honestly was very disappointed in their `` italian '' food .
1	loved the family owned and operated service .
0	i ca n't imagine doing this to people every day .
1	a bar area waitress would keep people happy and their drinks full too .
0	how dishonest !
1	gorgeous color with highlights .
0	it was awful .
1	great company .
0	i guess it 's my own fault .
1	she is friendly , makes me laugh and does an excellent job .
0	unfortunately i was disappointed .
1	best pancakes ever !
0	we went there tonight after costco .
1	she truly cares for her patients and made a big difference for my mom .
0	but if a place is a two that means it 's moderately bad .
1	clean , neat and a fun place to relax and enjoy the great food .
0	the location sucks so bad .
1	i had a great experience buying an engagement ring here .
0	cashier : `` no ! ''
1	one of my favorite restaurants in madison and in the world !
0	not good , not bad , just okay .
1	loved this place .
0	that 's not an unreasonable expectation , is it ?
1	i love me done chicken !
0	we both got martinis and the nachos and buffalo spread apps .
1	food was great , the bread was excellent .
0	wrong day so he was turned away at our guard gate .
1	i had the pleasure of brittany working on me who is an excellent esthetician .
0	it needs a total face lift and more qualified staff .
1	the expanded food menu is nice .
0	btw , i know _num_ people who got food poisoning from their greasy wings .
1	breakfast , lunch and dinner !
0	there has been over _num_ calls for police emergency service to this apartment complex .
1	great stuff here ... the cheese plates are great and always changing .
0	this was horrible .
1	arthur 's is a pretty good eat .
0	our server ignored us _num_ % of the time we were here .
1	typically a line when you come in .
0	apparently they do n't need my business .
1	i would highly recommend !
0	this is n't where i 'd get fruits or meat from .
1	tried this new place today with my family .
0	pretty sad when the fast food option is better than the sit down .
1	if you want great mexican .
0	bad food , worse service .
1	super delicious , reasonably priced , friendly and helpful staff .
0	i thought the flavor was okay but it was nothing special .
1	excellent service !
0	i do not recommend !
1	good food and good service .
0	it was a nightmare i could n't wake up from .
1	i 'm glad i ordered extra meatballs .
0	he apparently did n't install it correctly .
1	the salted caramel gelato was amazing !
0	i would have replaced that in my own home .
1	the service manager , gary is honest and recommends only work that is necessary .
0	ruins the experience every time .
1	also , each sub comes with a pickle , bonus !
0	terrible service .
1	let me just say , best sandwich i had in a long time .
0	never once did i have an ok experience there .
1	great value , friendly staff .
0	lo mein looked good but the box probably had more flavor .
1	very friendly and the food was amazing !
0	they were linen , would it have been to much to press ?
1	this restaurant was delicious .
0	i do n't know what kind of shit job they do .
1	i recommend them over anyone else .
0	urgent care is horrible !
1	she was wonderful to work with .
0	the said they would get back to me within _num_ hours .
1	i will be back !
0	for example , the flavor had been cooked out of the edamame .
1	highly recommend to anyone in need of auto body work .
0	so , _num_ minutes after my appointment time , i am still waiting .
1	it 's nice to have an auto repair shop that i actually trust !
0	service was horrible .
1	score !
0	the antipasto was okay but not worth the cost .
1	i got a spicy chicken medium combo with small chili and sweet tea .
0	after the wait i was expecting greatness but this restaurant did not deliver .
1	the staff is very friendly and the wait is never that long .
0	do n't frequent if your in a rush .
1	wait let me tell you about the salsa !
0	gross !
1	also , they are incredibly fast .
0	if you can , avoid the surly dude there fine most of the time .
1	a big relief .
0	the focaccia and fries that came with it were soggy as well .
1	best restaurant in this area .
0	very forgettable .
1	i would definitely recommend coming here for a great meal !
0	first , he showed up _num_ min late due to `` traffic '' .
1	nice little neighborhood spot .
0	they lost my sale .
1	thank you arizona tree and turf for making my son so happy .
0	the people who work here know nothing about vehicles .
1	great service , wonderful staff , unique frames .
0	same thing .
1	great place for green burritos .
0	firestone called tires plus and told them what happened .
1	i really like the food here .
0	she made me feel so awkward .
1	way better than starbucks i can tell you that .
0	i ca n't do that .
1	the prices were very decent and the food was great .
0	normally , i would give tornado a pretty high review .
1	thank you for existing .
0	it 's now been probably _num_ min since my margarita came .
1	expensive , but really great pizza .
0	she pretty much just sat there disappointed for the five minute ride .
1	this little gem surprised me .
0	as if i was some fool who did n't understand how it was done .
1	score !
0	worst applebees we have ever been to .
1	very cool place .
0	terrible management .
1	love the entire staff at z 's .
0	plus , cashier was not at all interested in friendly conversation .
1	this is a _num_ year , 3rd generation staple in this community .
0	we actually did not have bad service .
1	i definitely recommend .
0	just awful customer service .
1	it did come with a side of rice & beans as well .
0	no one was in the place .
1	that being said , their steak is well above average and fairly priced .
0	however , some of the customer service is bad .
1	sausage links are so big and tasty .
0	i hang up because i 'm tired of waiting .
1	everything was so good , especially the rings .
0	overall probably the worst steak house i have been to in vegas .
1	i highly recommend that friends consider staying here when visiting the scottsdale area .
0	the hallway smell was just as bad .
1	if you go on a saturday they serve this fried bread , really tasty .
0	either big fries , skinny fries , or tots .
1	it 's worth it , i promise !
0	i will not be returning .
1	thanks guys !
0	they also run out of sweet tea a lot .
1	the servers have all been amazing and it 's always clean .
0	constantly had to remind our server to refill waters .
1	the nicely nicely 's also had a super amount of chicken on it .
0	garbage !
1	the service was excellent .
0	for my salad , um no .
1	eat here twice a month at least .
0	i also thought they had a poor color selection at this place .
1	i love this place .
0	just bad service lol .
1	friendly staff ... great facials ... .
0	this has never happened before and it took me off guard .
1	food comes out pretty fast and fries are good .
0	a cover charge ?
1	i really love harkins theaters .
0	even the salsa was bland !
1	the waitresses are all so cute and so nice .
0	are you kidding me with this office staff ?
1	also the pumpkin curry is amazing !
0	Neutral
1	good service .
0	they could n't care less after the sale because it 's already been made .
1	this place is the authentic mexican restaurant .
0	no problem , they said have it ready in two days .
1	and we also love the scallops wrapped in bacon , always perfectly prepared .
0	disappointed in the changes ... .
1	this place has chicago flair written all over it !
0	pittsburgh rare was kind of unimpressive for the price .
1	best bakery in pittsburgh !
0	for me the major issues are driving through the airport .
1	park avenue cleaners is the best .
0	why are you selling stuff you do n't have in stock .
1	the food is also generally very good .
0	went there with a party of _num_ .
1	each person on his staff was very friendly and welcoming to us .
0	ridiculous !
1	my wife and i are very happy we went with desert springs .
0	i physically left my whole meal and tray on the table and walked out .
1	this place looks incredible they completely remodeled .
0	just nasty !
1	cough , cough .
0	if everything cost two dollars less , complaints could be overlooked .
1	best wrap i have ever had !
0	overall thumbs down on the whole experience .
1	add the location and patrons and you 've got yourself a neat hangout spot .
0	also the bathroom was filthy and the trash was overflowing in the room .
1	fair and honest work at reasonable prices .
0	a couple minutes later a guy comes by with our desserts .
1	lots of seating and the staff is friendly .
0	are you kidding me time warner ?
1	i love this place .
0	the rice is bland and the beans taste like they 're from a can .
1	stopped by this bbq joint while in vegas , loved the food !
0	needless to say i was very dissatisfied .
1	the service at this location was excellent .
0	corn mushy and over cooked .
1	wow !
0	toppings had fallen to one side , leaving the other without and so expensive .
1	there are a ton of flavors to try .
0	when i parked again i decided i should 've walked around the whole truck .
1	highly recommend !
0	i guess if you do n't mind doing that it 's worth $ _num_ .
1	they take pride in their place and it shows .
0	i waited another _num_ minutes .
1	george does a great job .
0	it was not just mild ... it was bland .
1	the staff is friendly and helpful , too .
0	the worker was rude as could be .
1	they have fun parties and monthly happy hours on the roof of the mint .
0	avoid this place like the black plague .
1	additionally a very thorough pedicure .
0	seems like they are constantly cooking ( people probably come for take out ) .
1	i love the fact that there salsa is actually super hot and not mild .
0	if your sick , go to any other hospital .
1	staff is always friendly and helpful .
0	oh my god ... .
1	but hey , that 's a sign of good eats , right ?
0	this place is horrible !
1	thanks , guys !
0	suggest bring a cooler or just book another hotel ; no ambience at pool .
1	it was pretty tasty .
0	it is dingy and dirty , at least for my tastes .
1	fast , courteous service and my breakfast bagel was delicious .
0	it was gross !
1	very yummy !
0	the portion is really big , but the food tastes terrible !
1	thanks again yelp for helping me find a great place to eat .
0	ew .
1	the most amazing steak hoagie lives here !
0	i have never seen such a poorly run hospital .
1	it was done to perfection .
0	only gave _num_ star because they do n't have anything lower .
1	this company is amazing .
0	we have tried this applebees twice and will never eat here again .
1	the location is cute , clean and up to date .
0	what a mess .
1	he cut my hair the way i like it and its always perfect .
0	the last few times , it 's just been kind of `` meh '' .
1	i go here at the very least _num_ times a month , so good !
0	do n't order a combo - it 's a ripoff .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
0	_num_ .
1	jerry was absolutely professional and knowledgeable and timely .
0	waitress was slow to get to our table and the drinks got there slowly .
1	so , the silver dollar is absolutely amazing .
0	the room reeked like a dive bar on a sunday morning .
1	it is a great place and you will not feel pressured .
0	i do not recommend anyone to this college .
1	so , that 's the latest !
0	it was the most rudest most disrespectful thing he could have done .
1	he deserves and earned a good recommendation !
0	there al pastor ai n't real al pastor .
1	my husband and i absolutely love the pies here !
0	there was no sauce in my rice bowl .
1	they had some wonderful wine suggestions for with the meal .
0	communication along with their customer service is terrible .
1	the service was prompt with a smile .
0	avoid this place if possible .
1	if someone is looking for a place to live i definitely recommend this complex .
0	first impression lasts .
1	nice , relaxing spot .
0	my thumbs are noticeably crooked lol .
1	i am so anxious to see their over the top christmas displays this year .
0	the veal was rubbery and the breading soggy .
1	keep up with the jones and stay on top people !
0	that is not true at all !
1	i love the mango icecream especially .
0	the pictures do not tell the full story .
1	the customer service is outstanding , very helpful and friendly .
0	however , now that it has happened twice , i do not trust them .
1	the staff is friendly and the dining room and restrooms always clean .
0	they ruined what was supposed to be a nice dinner with family .
1	beautiful restaurant and great family environment !
0	i am visiting from california and was very disappointed with the service and food .
1	our server , sean , was helpful and funny .
0	the meat was almost mushy and only had a small splash of sauce .
1	great salon !
0	they tasted like powdered eggs and water were mixed in with regular eggs .
1	waitress was really good .
0	they also had a slightly bitter taste , which i do n't previously recall .
1	nike rocks !
0	however , i was expecting to eat as much as i wanted .
1	spicy chicken was actually spicy which was nice .
0	the office staff is rude .
1	the lamb meat was as fresh and tasty as the rest of the salad !
0	suddenly the voice changed to a female one - with attitude .
1	to me , the most honest place in town you will find .
0	there are towels hung up all over the walls .
1	i absolute love their ciabatta loaf ( bought it sliced .
0	we all know that it would n't be ready by _num_ .
1	we were so pleasantly surprised we will go back again this year .
0	even the fortune cookie was stale .
1	thanks pizza heaven !
0	fried catfish was tasty , but tad salty .
1	good job guys and thanks for your help !
0	almost empty ) we waited _num_ mins .
1	overall , love having this starbucks as my regular coffee house .
0	flat and pretty much surrounded my houses .
1	good food , great malts .
0	i 'm just disappointed .
1	i highly recommend this place .
0	not impressed with this location .
1	pizzas were great and affordable ... will def order again .
0	it is too different as what they expressed to sell your car previously .
1	i still love this place and eat here regularly .
0	we planned this outing for our _num_ year anniversary and we were very disappointed .
1	there was beautiful seating outside next to the herb garden .
0	rude management .
1	awesome lunch special .
0	the food always seems cold .
1	pretty good quality i 'd have to say .
0	very cheap tables .
1	everything is wiped down very nice .
0	i wo n't be heading back .
1	the service was incredibly friendly and the conversation at the bar was entertaining .
0	one there jacket was too short .
1	staff friendly .
0	horrible , horrible , horrible service .
1	i 've gone here quite a bit and they are always awesome .
0	the staff walked by like i did n't matter .
1	the service and the surroundings also amazing .
0	my bagel is the easiest thing ever to remake .
1	very nice and very caring .
0	i would highly suggest going to john c lincoln north mountain .
1	the marinara sauce was really good .
0	it 's just too much trouble i guess ?
1	i would highly recommend it .
0	seriously the worst mcdonalds i 've ever been to .
1	let me start off by saying we had a great time .
0	how rude .
1	thanks for the improvements , keep it up !
0	after much aggravation , the manager removed the charge .
1	great staff .
0	the place was not clean for starters .
1	room was spacious and very clean .
0	it 's all about curries , rice , naan and spices .
1	the melting pot is always one of my favorites .
0	the qdoba is sloppy .
1	what a wonderful place to have in phoenix .
0	can not recommend .
1	the waitress was friendly enough and the hamburger was good .
0	epic fail bk , clean up your act .
1	i have a lot of love for this four peaks location .
0	i would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy !
1	great biscuits and gravy sandwiches .
0	really this is suppose to be a high end course ?
1	the owner and staff are incredibly nice and fun .
0	i thought he was kidding at first , but he was n't !
1	the wine is good here too .
0	other than that , the place is ok for a dive bar .
1	interesting combos of contemporary ingredients .
0	this guy is crazy for charging such a price .
1	i had the mole enchiladas they were delicious !
0	our server was not even closely familiar with the food or food preparation .
1	here is my personal recommendation : get an oreo ice cream sandwich .
0	she said she 's been in customer service longer than i have lived .
1	they even speak italian to each other !
0	if i could give this place negative stars , i would .
1	great local bar with good beer and strong drinks .
0	no apology or nothing !
1	plus , knowledgeable people to help .
0	it was the worst customer service i have ever experience .
1	i ordered the bruschetta ( delicious ) and a panini !
0	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
1	i would use them again and recommend them highly .
0	so disappointed !
1	for a lighter option the balsamic and roasted veggie salad is delicious .
0	worst i have ever seen .
1	and the spicy ribbon roll .
0	next time i will go directly to the grocery store to buy my flowers .
1	cindy is the best .
0	they just piss me off .
1	it 's pretty high for this type of restaurant .
0	the place smells and the restrooms were in awful condition .
1	wow , great vietnamese food .
0	disclaimer : i did not book with this venue .
1	my favorite is the combination fried rice .
0	i walked in and ended up walking out .
1	keep it up guys !
0	totally changed my perspective on this golf course .
1	service is great , food is beyond expectations upon seeing the place .
0	worst experience ever .
1	my family and i are fans of joey 's pizza .
0	none of the three ever tried to assist .
1	def recommend if you like that kind of stuff .
0	i would not revisit the westin convention center .
1	this is a local favorite that i had neglected to experience until recently .
0	you might like their rolls , but they really should n't call them bagels .
1	the service was also superb .
0	my one must get here is the cheesy garlic bread .
1	the salad bar offers a good variety .
0	chicken was way over cooked .
1	this is truly the best lighting store that we have found here in az .
0	no hostess at hostess stand .
1	it was so delicious .
0	you might say what taco bell has zero calorie options you are crazy .
1	the quality and detail of the tattoo exceeded my expectations .
0	service could use alot of work .
1	they 're delicious .
0	my biggest complaint is that their group fitness classes are insanely crowded .
1	very friendly crew .
0	all-in-all the place was n't bad .
1	mostly i love the rokerij just because i love saying the name .
0	so ... i ordered udon instead , which was certainly lower than average .
1	had an excellent meal here this past weekend .
0	everything else was bland .
1	thanks ladies !
0	yes this place is dated .
1	this makes it a lot easier to start off my day !
0	and was very bland and flavorless .
1	the service was top notch .
0	i just do n't get that nice vibe from this specific location .
1	my whole family comes here .
0	she has the absolute worst attitude !
1	she always wants to make sure i am happy .
0	really sad that we got treated so rudely when we arrived tonight .
1	go see amazing grace .
0	the sauce was mediocre and the sausage was pretty gross .
1	definitely would recommend them .
0	you guys quoted me $ _num_ to $ _num_ .
1	give it a shot if you 're in the area !
0	we are poor , but i would never waste my money here .
1	but , it was worth the drive across town !
0	do they know it 's supposed to be fast food !
1	it makes me happy to see a place consistently busy in downtown gilbert .
0	the people that work there had no interest in their customer .
1	absolutely amazing service from start to finish .
0	my boyfriend 's latte was mediocre at best .
1	the two gentleman that came to pick me up were wonderful .
0	the meat was oddly seasoned and had gross , mushy texture to it .
1	the food is excellent and the bread is the best in urbana .
0	a huge disappointment .
1	my experience with leather like new was excellent .
0	that threw me for a spin a bit .
1	my favorite madison mexican restaurant .
0	the ahwatukee branch used to have _num_ atm 's .
1	plus , the price is very good .
0	very very rude .
1	sushi _num_ rocks !
0	one of the worst times we had is when we went and ordered steak .
1	their rice and beans are average as well , but nothing spectacular .
0	awful service , awful food at 9pm .
1	i would absolutely recommend rick .
0	as a side note , it is a ripoff price .
1	the salsa is fantastic .
0	sorry , long rant over .
1	it is very reasonably priced .
0	you 'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it .
1	he was knowledgeable , diligent about safety and lots of fun .
0	too bad because it has long been a favorite of mine .
1	very good .
0	charging $ _num_ for a $ _num_ cake is outrageous !
1	my first visit was with one of my good swiss watches .
0	i would n't even bother ordering pho here anymore .
1	was my first time ordering here and will definitely be coming back .
0	no luck .
1	friendly staff .
0	the egg on my wife 's eggs benedict was over-cooked .
1	this is a wonderful place to eat out doors .
0	i should know better than to go to a buffet .
1	i was the lucky one today to get the last catch of the day !
0	overall , just not really worth it .
1	wow !
0	there was no reason they could n't just give me the food .
1	they have a great sandwich and desert selection including multiple variations of cheese cake .
0	no guacamole , nothing .
1	real authentic italian food .
0	this is the most understaffed subway in phx .
1	i recommend without hesitation .
0	food was meh ... really expensive too .
1	very professional , always timely , and always does a great job .
0	he gave me some story about how it was my fault .
1	$ _num_ large , fresh moist , best in valley .
0	the only thing that was good was the mashed potatoes and gravy .
1	best beer selection in madison .
0	level _num_ is $ _num_ bucks ? )
1	i 'm a new senior .
0	no toppings !
1	really close to everything .
0	poor service , crappy food .
1	clean room mgr special drinks they need a popcorn machine .
0	sorry bill johnson 's ... you just lost us .
1	best hangover food in clt hands down !
0	this place is racist !
1	i have enjoyed them all .
0	looked awful , boring and bland .
1	great work and honest pricing !
0	they were t exactly busy but , ok , whatever .
1	awesome .
0	i repeated my order _num_ times to the boy at the drive through .
1	i love this place and have been a loyal client for years .
0	do n't understand all the positive reviews which is the reason i came .
1	this place is so perfect !
0	i would give this place negative stars if i could .
1	he was so great about walking me through the process , helping me decide .
0	anyway , this is not a place where i will ever be seen again .
1	they have the best bean paste soup & side dishes .
0	the products being used seem not of good quality .
1	the wait staff is always friendly .
0	i was so mad and asked to be refunded .
1	every time i go here , it 's been great !
0	still no apology , nothing .
1	love it !
0	this was not a good experience .
1	this the best `` fast mexican food around '' .
0	_num_ .
1	i always feel comfortable eating here .
0	_num_ .
1	my fianc and i had an amazing dining experience .
0	we found a _num_ week stray kitten by our home last week .
1	always ready to help get my kids into the right gear .
0	no more .
1	makes travel easy and affordable !
0	for starters , my dish had way too much lemon juice .
1	zach was very professional , thorough and straightforward .
0	not worth the poor service and rough area .
1	the margaritas are great , if you get them on the rocks .
0	i wasted _num_ hours of my work day .
1	brunch excellent .
0	service was terrible .
1	great service .
0	i 'm hoping they were just having a bad day !
1	we are so happy with our choice !
0	no creamy for me .
1	took time to get one out and tune it .
0	the most i 'd pay for a philly here is _num_ .
1	first and foremost , the customer service was phenomenal .
0	again sorry for your bad experience and looking forward to see you soon ... .
1	it had the best soap ever .
0	the mongolian beef , chicken teriyaki and lettuce wraps were equally disappointing .
1	she 's also great at suggesting what looks good on you .
0	they out right lied to me twice .
1	they fixed them right away at a reasonable price .
0	the hotel was n't horrible only because of her .
1	best pho soup in the valley !
0	so this first experience started off with a huge cockroach in the bathroom .
1	it was such a nice experience .
0	i 've tried to reach my doctor or her medical assistant for two days .
1	food and service is great !
0	i actually found this salon on yelp and am terribly disappointed .
1	be prepared to keep coming back !
0	the whole exam was done in less than _num_ minute .
1	everything was fantastic !
0	only comes medium well ?
1	it always makes me smile .
0	Neutral
1	definitely best place in town for auto glass work !
0	i was pissed .
1	enjoyed a nascar race , and some good conversation .
0	disappointed .
1	well after eating here i 'm a fan !
0	would not recommend .
1	just amazing !
0	very bland .
1	this place definitely gets big points for being friendly .
0	the noodles was n't fresh tasting like i 'm used to .
1	thanks to everyone for making our car buying experience so easy .
0	made our pizza wrong two times .
1	the bbq is the main attraction , though .
0	i would n't recommend this place .
1	it was a perfect brunch .
0	in my opinion , it is n't .
1	not happy !
0	_num_ ) the owners daughter was running around and at times yelling or crying .
1	other than that everything was good .
0	it was stale as all get out .
1	they did a great job !
0	managers and workers are rude and condescending .
1	the ring that was delivered is absolutely stunning .
0	i just want my dive bars to have some life .
1	best doctor i 've ever had , no crazy wait times either .
0	this store has burned me for the last time .
1	this is one of my favorite places in the valley .
0	she barely spent any time with me in the exam room .
1	a decent mexican food restaurant off the strip in las vegas .
0	the spinach salad was very bland !
1	they have desserts that look delicious too .
0	the husband had the bbq chicken pizza .
1	very friendly and professional staff .
0	nothing wrong with the water pressure but my toilet would n't flush correctly .
1	almost always see some good friends here too !
0	i never had this ever happened to me before !
1	consistently good and fresh food .
0	i do n't understand how this place stays open .
1	the burn in the stomach roll was the best sushi roll ever !
0	although she said the food was good ; the service was not .
1	an awesome experience as usual .
0	i was billed for december service and swear the tech never showed .
1	noah is awesome .
0	hope nobody likes dressing ?
1	fiori 's pizza is so good !
0	service is terrible .
1	we had the italian beef and reuben and both were solid .
0	i ordered the lamb and it was basically just fat .
1	a full five stars for my waitress .
0	i went in one night after dark and the counter was just abandoned .
1	quaint and clean .
0	worst medical experience i 've ever received .
1	flemings was perfect .
0	when i left the car behind me followed as well .
1	easily .
0	so overall , my experience here was a nightmare .
1	partner enjoyed the ricotta ravioli , lightly sauced .
0	the beans were lukewarm along with the dish .
1	just delicious food and great service .
0	and trust me this is a typical breakfast run here .
1	favorite local pizza place for the taste , quality & price .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	great tea selection .
0	the place was only a third full at most .
1	the food is very good , especially the coconut shrimp .
0	completely disappointed , and appalled at how i was treated as a paying customer .
1	they are smaller , inexpensive , and really sweet .
0	the fish taco was disgusting i thought i was gon na throw up .
1	they have really good fries too !
0	it was totally disgusting and they took forever .
1	the vegetables were excellent and the rice also good .
0	the turkey was dry and lukewarm .
1	fantastic service !
0	not so much .
1	great place , great service , great people !
0	-the maze is gigantic .
1	their green chili is the best ( i get it in a burrito ) .
0	it was really a bowl of chunky tomatoes seasoned with peppers and oregano .
1	good atmosphere .
0	ok , i guess .
1	not amazing , but good .
0	the manager was extremely unprofessional and did n't call me back .
1	i got the chicken wrap and it was delicious .
0	my bags are `` my responsibility . ''
1	all the right stuff here , for my needs today .
0	i had a mechanic check my work .
1	massage was very good and pedicure was done really well !
0	the salad that comes with the pasta had more onions on it the lettuce .
1	the chicken tandoori also looked delicious !
0	i was really disappointed .
1	we always receive great service , and the food is always awesome !
0	that 's ridiculous .
1	chips , mexican pizza and of course fajitas are great .
0	the cost of the alterations were $ _num_ !
1	food is amazing .
0	not even the _num_ dollar lap dances save this place .
1	we had a wonderful experience when we adopted our _num_ lb .
0	otherwise , these people are going to rip you off every single time .
1	gorgeous salon .
0	but otherwise , this was n't a great idea .
1	they have the best colors , city , history , most fans , etc .
0	i went home and john showed up about _num_ minutes later .
1	i like this airport !
0	that is information the average person would not know .
1	great food , clean n great staff !
0	he told us that we had wasted his time .
1	clean and comfortable - very friendly and helpful staff .
0	probably could have had a new unit by now .
1	the price is definitely worth the experience .
0	like _num_ people inside .
1	wow .
0	horrible customer service .
1	the staff are friendly and courteous .
0	service was mediocre at best .
1	started with the spinach artichoke dip very good .
0	the crab puffs are gross , the teriyaki sauce is bland .
1	the dish is simply fantastic .
0	my wife ate half her food and i never touched mine .
1	the waiter was so friendly and warm hearted !
0	would not recommend .
1	great meal and great atmosphere .
0	attended the `` graduation '' night after being pressured into going .
1	we are frequent visitors , and love the atmosphere as well as the sushi !
0	no thanks .
1	the quality of our dinner was excellent .
0	the spaghetti was hard , not smooth tasting like they should be .
1	great dining experience for visitors .
0	i ca n't believe they let the lines get that long at walmart .
1	the new chef is amazing , far better than the previous one .
0	this used to be our go-to chinese restaurant in the east valley !
1	it 's really good .
0	the service was friendly but the food was not worth the money .
1	the drinks are reasonable and the service is fantastic .
0	tonight was cash only .
1	i was very impressed and appreciative .
0	after another _num_ minutes and a request for a refund our order was ready .
1	( good to know ! )
0	got to the restaurant and they could not find my order .
1	love this place !
0	i selected swimming pool service and repair based on yelp reviews .
1	i love this place !
0	is not worth the money .
1	i think she 'd be happy with how the business is going .
0	horrible college !
1	the food was absolutely delicious !
0	have not seen my waitress for the last _num_ minutes .
1	they are amazing !
0	absolute worst banking experience i have ever had .
1	great place to hang out .
0	just too many amazing dining opportunities in phoenix .
1	great sushi , and the service is outstanding !
0	as it turned our , i should have listened to my stomach .
1	great choice for lunch today !
0	the creme brle was cold ... unappealing ... and far too sweet .
1	service was great !
0	not a good nor memorable experience at roy 's for us unfortunately .
1	it 's that simple .
0	just terrible for vegas standards .
1	i also recommend the shrimp creole .
0	the animal emergency clinic of champaign is a scam .
1	decent drinks at a decent price .
0	it was a total disaster .
1	every detail of the meal was incredible !
0	so then they tell me they ca n't come until friday .
1	great find when i am in town .
0	i did n't press the issue , paid the bill and off we go .
1	got right in .
0	guy working there would n't accept my tv even though it was under warranty .
1	great food !
0	we wo n't be making a special trip to this place .
1	they are polite , caring people taking great care of their customers .
0	they did n't even get their drinks .
1	the staff is all great and interactive .
0	tasted like it 's been sitting there a few hours .
1	great prices and atmosphere .
0	ok , end rant .
1	did a great job , very professional .
0	about a minute later the tech knocked loudly on my inner garage door .
1	two floors , lots of machines , and all around nice set up .
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	staff is really friendly .
0	he disrespected me and my friend so much i will never come back !
1	i love this place .
0	it 's alright , but nothing special .
1	postino 's is great .
0	this is n't a `` lounge '' by any stretch of the word .
1	my wife and i love to come here .
0	everyone else was waiting to select a frame or see the doctor .
1	i love this place and plan to become a regular .
0	its also extremely odd that they could not contact me via e-mail or telephone ?
1	enjoy .
0	been coming here once a week for _num_ months .
1	the village green restaurant was great .
0	_num_ cents .
1	piping hot !
0	i 'm no barbeque expert but this food plain did n't taste good .
1	the garlic mashed potatoes are amazing as well !
0	a far cry from what i 've experienced in the past .
1	i highly recommend him !
0	they gave me a $ _num_ coupon as an apology .
1	great service .
0	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
1	her office is beautiful and her staff is very nice .
0	they most certainly sat in broth for hours .
1	best experience i 've had getting my haircut .
0	um ... check in time was 3pm ?
1	such a bargain !
0	only stayed due to time for my lunch .
1	all were amazing and on par with the quality i found in italy .
0	he was helpful at first but than treated us as if we were stupid .
1	anyway -- five stars for excellent vietnamese take out .
0	they ordered another drink special in hopes it would be better .
1	fantastic seafood at a very good price !
0	avoid this place and definitely not worth the $ _num_ i paid for it .
1	i would highly recommend them for your next event .
0	the cheap pads just brakes installed are junk and do n't last .
1	they are there to feed you and let you get on with your night !
0	no refund .
1	will continue to eat here often as long as they or i are around .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	and great sushi - it 's true !
0	another problem are the extremely small tables .
1	lovely .
0	for full disclosure , though , i was there during a ufc fight .
1	food was great .
0	i like mcdonald 's but avoid this particular one like the plague .
1	bonus : the staff here are super cute .
0	i remember eating here a few years ago and the food was bland .
1	their portions are great and their prices are the best .
0	for instance my husband ordered asparagus with hollandaise sauce $ _num_ .
1	the best part is -- they serve chinese and italian food !
0	and he said no more refills .
1	love this place !
0	the service was not as wonderful as everyone is saying .
1	dr kelly and his team are amazing !
0	Neutral
1	we had a totally cute server gal who was totally helpful and accommodating !
0	the servers came around regularly to clear the tables of empty dishes .
1	an outstanding remodeling job !
0	i do n't know how else to put it .
1	i had the burro with green sauce and it was great .
0	the queso dip was cold & thick .
1	really guys , really !
0	they are never on time and in fact 15-20 minutes late .
1	fixed so quickly and for such a great price ... saved us again .
0	given all this , the $ _num_ entrees on the specials menu were surprising .
1	it saved us from going to several stores that day .
0	too bad the house salsa tastes like pace from a jar .
1	love this place for the beer , food and shuffle board !
0	the atmosphere of the restaurant is also quite weird .
1	his office is upstairs in this fine establishment .
0	which is not acceptable .
1	there 's so much to look at here !
0	nothing impressed me and the food was terrible .
1	all around a good bet .
0	you already know i did not touch that at all .
1	a great place in town for pho !
0	i just did n't get it .
1	very fulfilling .
0	this was no corned beef i 've ever seen .
1	the tapas menu is really good ... and the ambience is really good .
0	still no sign of my food .
1	very nice people as well .
0	but , what i got was `` we can not compensate anything '' .
1	i highly recommend motorcycle performance .
0	there were _num_ servers and a bartender working that i noticed .
1	so for a great wing and a great price try wings express !
0	_num_ ) it 's business as usual for us worst .
1	very friendly and helpful staff .
0	not just poorly but like we did n't belong there at all .
1	made the right choice !
0	i am always checking mexican restaurants for the food and the heat .
1	the service is also great .
0	but it looked like she just started on someone who walked in .
1	i 'm not a chain fan , but this place is very good .
0	finally , it is ridiculously over priced for the area and quality .
1	the lanes are also kept in great condition .
0	the store is old small and disgusting inside .
1	service is great when they 're not busy and good when they 're busy .
0	when we drove up to the window , no one was there .
1	everyone loved their rooms and were so comfortable there .
0	blueberry hill in green valley used to be my favorite breakfast spot .
1	the coffee is great and the tuna wraps are yummy , too !
0	not the friendliest folks in there .
1	i also enjoyed the nice lake view .
0	left the hotel , checked into another one .
1	dark , cozy -- just a really cool spot .
0	i doubt very much if they even sold those .
1	even my kids enjoying going !
0	_num_ .
1	they usually have a long wait , but it 's totally worth it .
0	overall , for the price you pay , service is just horrible .
1	really good for fast food .
0	talk about some crappy customer service !
1	they deliver too !
0	needless to say i will never go back !
1	linguine rustic was full of clams and tasty .
0	its not busy yet it took awhile to receive just my black tea ... .
1	thank you !
0	it was awful !
1	overall great place to try out if you havent .
0	but it has gone downhill badly .
1	i highly recommend them .
0	_num_ .
1	very delicious though !
0	i will not be returning here to any location .
1	i love to '' work from home '' here .
0	you can tell it was a full house but just incredibly understaffed .
1	they have the best deli , hands down .
0	what is really bad is the food was horrible !
1	fabulous hotel !
0	but what i got was overcooked , dry chicken and very bland stuffing .
1	very friendly atmosphere .
0	beds not as comfortable as they should be .
1	the office staff are very friendly and helpful .
0	i just do n't get this place 's success .
1	the drinks are priced good and they have some nice breakfast specials too .
0	terrible customer service and just an awful place to be .
1	milk tea taste great !
0	never received worst customer service in my life !
1	i love this place !
0	my husband spent time here and fell several times .
1	all the steaks where perfectly done .
0	they are also filed uneven .
1	this place makes me proud of our country .
0	for being a `` coat factory '' their selection was dismal .
1	authentic japanese sushi bar .
0	it 's $ _num_ .
1	the family was excited and it was a fun experience .
0	the waitress never came over and apologized or tried to make it work .
1	the crusty french bread is good with their mussels .
0	the second time the steak came out gray and cold ... .
1	we are vegetarians and they added vegan fajitas to their menu .
0	the only thing i go to this location for is spinning .
1	great happy hour specials , on appetizers and beer .
0	so if you are looking for atmosphere , not your place .
1	my husband had the jasmine lamb and it was so perfectly prepared .
0	_num_ minutes later there was still no help in sight .
1	i would recommend anyone with back issues to see them here .
0	the food was not spicy , not flavorful and not a full portion .
1	the food is the big draw .
0	no no no !
1	the light roast is awesome , as well as the breakfast treats .
0	i 'd rather pay shipping and save the aggravation .
1	the vegetables here are high quality and presented so nicely .
0	they insisted on payment before they would proceed with the procedure .
1	my favorite thing on the menu is definitely the pb & b burger .
0	service is now painfully slow .
1	best chiropractor in vegas valley !
0	unprofessional to say the least , shady as hell to go a step further .
1	she genuinely cares about everyone .
0	not just bloody but cold on the inside .
1	great prices and great food !
0	then about _num_ minutes after that we ordered .
1	best prices on drinks in madison .
0	he did not even say he was sorry .
1	it was about a _num_ minute drive back but it still stayed piping hot !
0	decor is cheap and the building looks very old .
1	by far my favorite lentil soup in town .
0	all of the orders were burned and cold .
1	one of the best places in town !
0	today was by far the worst experience here so far .
1	worth every penny and the atmosphere put it over the top .
0	will never rent again .
1	the service was very friendly and quick .
0	cigarettes smell worse than cigars because they are full of chemicals and paper !
1	the filet mignon is fantastic !
0	+ _num_ star because they are finally installing air conditioning .
1	came here for breakfast , on the recommendation of a great friend .
0	he only had to wait _num_ minutes .
1	the staff is amazing .
0	why would you make the lowest level bed _num_ points ?
1	we were a perfect match made for the streets of new york !
0	the first thing i noticed when i walked into the place was the smell .
1	it has some great books , items , toys and more .
0	the salespeople have probably all tuned it out so they just never answer .
1	it tastes like quality .
0	no changing tables in the bathroom .
1	everybody was very caring .
0	she should not be a manager .
1	clean and relaxing service .
0	i will not be returning to this location .
1	a bit on the pricey side , but wow is this place great !
0	it was sour tasting and extremely salty and very tough .
1	she made this experience easy , understandable , welcoming and fun !
0	do n't come here after _num_ or the meat and broccoli will seem rotten .
1	i cant wait to come back here again !
0	neither the menu , service or management was above mediocre .
1	the jerk chicken was nice and mildly spicy .
0	very disappointing one person does n't know what the other one is doing !
1	pizza is hands down the best in town .
0	goes off and says let me tell the tech .
1	you 'll enjoy yourself .
0	it 's not only basic common courtesy , but basic manners .
1	best ice cream ever.
0	while the staff is is pleasant , the food is sub-par at best .
1	love their soul power night and it gets pretty packed for a dive bar .
0	the food is ok but they take _num_ minutes for stuff to be out .
1	a great way to spend the night .
0	i called corporate and raised hell .
1	one of my favorite places to go for lunch .
0	food was ok so we ended up just getting room service for most meals .
1	great bbq !
0	this place is ok i guess .
1	the service is excellent .
0	not a lot to say about it .
1	chairs outside , nice day .
0	please do n't waste your money as it was extremely disappointing .
1	great beer selection for a total dive .
0	this is an old run down sheraton .
1	and they did a great job with my dress !
0	this experience was very disappointing , and i will not return .
1	dr. nelson was attentive , patient , and kind .
0	i must be lucky to get _num_ whole small grapes .
1	the pizza was amazing !
0	it was lunchtime and busy .
1	the horchata was pretty run of the mill but the empanadas were fantastic !
0	probably at least _num_ years ago .
1	highly recommend it !
0	the owner of this company was a completely greedy business owner .
1	their hot sauce is crazy hot but so worth it and tasty .
0	i would n't pay $ _num_ to stay in this place .
1	rob is great !
0	was told we `` might '' get another room .
1	delicious , authentic and consistent chinese food .
0	no apology , no nothing ?
1	thank you jason , you are amazing !
0	oh , and it 's super expensive .
1	this is my favorite chinese restaurant !
0	came with _num_ eggs and _num_ slices of bacon .
1	the best beef tenderloin in the madison area .
0	no more !
1	there is live music on some nights which always makes for a good time .
0	i am so so disappointed .
1	ordered delivery .
0	the appointments do n't mean anything .
1	i 'm definitely telling my friends .
0	worst place ever !
1	i can see why he has fans .
0	_num_ .
1	otherwise im a fan !
0	anything other than lunch is overpriced .
1	the staff was amazing to work with and so accommodating .
0	the atmosphere is old and tired just like the menu .
1	really awesome salon !
0	i had some slam , not sure which one but everything was bland .
1	we will definitely be going back .
0	so disappointed !
1	very nice inside with a great atmosphere .
0	not cool .
1	love at first bite !
0	well _num_ turned into _num_ .
1	definitely recommend this place .
0	switching plates from ca to az has been a long nightmare .
1	thank you so much !
0	the beer was cold and the decor was nice .
1	it 's pretty good as far as street tacos go .
0	their dishwasher apparently is n't working .
1	staff is always friendly and fast , too .
0	the light in the room would n't shut off due to a broken switch .
1	the old house , renovated into a restaurant makes the experience very unique .
0	i should have been comped not double charged .
1	most importantly my beer was served right away and refill came just in time !
0	but the place smells terrible , it 's really ( really ) loud .
1	definitely check it out ... .
0	not that i mind the prices .
1	the shakes are good too .
0	`` it does n't come with it , sir .
1	if you like shrimp and crawfish i highly recommend this dish .
0	if you like pizza and respect yourself then do not go .
1	crackers the staff was very help full the food was on point !
0	terrible customer service .
1	i had a great experience at sunset nails !
0	really disappointing .
1	love it .
0	waitress had no clue about menu .
1	friday nights can get busy but our service has always been great !
0	poor service , mediocre food , over priced .
1	very nice establishment !
0	well unfortunately i do n't know that we 'll be back .
1	this place has a nice , neighborhood tavern atmosphere and a great menu .
0	my boyfriend eats anything and everything and even he refused this places microwaved meals .
1	when i moved here i was so happy to see a first wok !
0	probably wo n't return .
1	best mexican food in phoenix .
0	please ask me to send my bad experience video !
1	saw a couple great bands in there as well .
0	they may have discounted prices but that goes with cheap furniture .
1	my friend ordered two shredded beef tacos ... and wow .
0	but not a rude as the woman who threw my cup onto my tray .
1	love ya !
0	a little dry and not super unique .
1	i love coming here with my family !
0	pretty much everything was downhill from there , though .
1	my husband and i are _num_ & _num_ and he treats us so well .
0	do not schedule an appointment with this office .
1	i bought my wedding dress here .
0	will you stop eating crap just because of nostalgia ?
1	a real bargain .
0	guess i 'm am also over the feeling of eating dinner in a trailer .
1	their tamales are made fresh and are delicious .
0	i would hesitate to purchase any frozen items here .
1	nice mall .
0	now it is plain dirty .
1	i love the owners , i love the rolls .
0	the management is terrible and the maintenance staff is even worse .
1	the food though has always been good to me .
0	this place is cheap for sure especially if you have no insurance .
1	love the pancakes but even more so love the omelettes !
0	fortunately , we did n't eat the hummus .
1	er is always clean and staff is so nice .
0	first , it was incredibly difficult to find !
1	lee lee 's is a fine store with a lot of variety .
0	chicken & sausage ziti - this dish was so watered down .
1	i will definitely be coming back here from now on .
0	i 'm not going to lie the cake was beautiful and it tasted great .
1	the restaurant food was excellent .
0	i had no idea whatsoever that i had left without test results !
1	you can stop and pick some up to go and they are absolutely delicious !
0	came here for lunch after doing the sky jump and was very disappointed .
1	i love it .
0	customer service is not even located in this country .
1	the fried pickles and pimento cheese appetizers were tasty and unique .
0	i have frequented oph for over _num_ years .
1	best greek food in town !
0	wo n't be going back .
1	the bathrooms are nice .
0	i will have to go back to the one on gold dust .
1	i love this place .
0	i still ended up with a really bad room .
1	friendly staff .
0	neither of us were happy and will not be back .
1	the servers were friendly and nice .
0	lousy service and poor customer service .
1	i would n't use anyone else , i definitely recommend them .
0	Neutral
1	wonderful people that work there .
0	do not recommend to anyone .
1	their beer was excellent .
0	start to finish , lunch took _num_ hours .
1	this is my most favorite place to shop .
0	the staff said only seating outside for right now .
1	i found the service to be great .
0	players have no respect when a lady sits down at the table .
1	both are excellent !
0	( hey , no soup means not having to provide spoons ! )
1	this is a must on our visits to the burgh .
0	there are so many other places to get better sandwiches .
1	absolutely love this nail salon !
0	this place is so hit or miss its ridiculous .
1	the salon itself is very nice .
0	do not use this clinic - period .
1	i would recommend them with ten stars if that were possible !
0	if it were free , i would probably still pass .
1	located in the heart of the asu downtown campus .
0	it was n't even that busy .
1	great italian food !
0	i feel that the pv dillard 's is a better location anyway .
1	i brought a fried chicken home for my daughter , she also loved it .
0	it would change depending on the employee .
1	salon surreal is amazing .
0	we had _num_ cheeseburgers with everything on them except bacon .
1	waitresses are superb .
0	no real answers until you start screaming at them .
1	the food is tasty and fresh .
0	it was ok i guess .
1	the pho here is decent .
0	i never got a drink refill and she never even looked in my direction .
1	it was worth it !
0	not a good thing .
1	i feel very lucky to live right down the street from here .
0	i do n't pretend to be an expert on mexican food .
1	my husband picked his own steak and really enjoyed it .
0	it left a really sour taste in my mouth .
1	amazing place !
0	i got the cheese enchilada with refried beans and rice along with a margarita .
1	fast and friendly !
0	only six of us and the bill was already totaled up to $ _num_ .
1	wait staff very friendly and efficient .
0	when i saw the doctor again he looked completely clueless .
1	so good .
0	bad product , bad attitude , stay away .
1	the interior is beautiful and extremely comfortable .
0	the bar happy hour food was very over priced for taste and portion .
1	great sushi for a great price !
0	the dining area smelled like a bait shop , the bathrooms smelled even worse .
1	love the professionalism and courtesy i received !
0	very rude and almost seemed as if he did n't speak english .
1	everything was awesome ... definitely will come back again .
0	after reading further reviews , i really question how they prepare the foods .
1	with great service coupled with great food , i 'll return sooner than later .
0	they charge mucho dollars for crappy food .
1	it 's right on state street , with lots of seating .
0	i stole a few bites so i could write this .
1	they did a good job but i have one peeve .
0	rude owners and bad food .
1	great food , i love their bean tostadas .
0	went for lunch with my husband .
1	the price is right and the leg and hand massages are fantastic !
0	but recently , you 've changed .
1	a great starbucks in a great community .
0	no greeting from the owner ... nothing !
1	medium rare !
0	sat down and waited _num_ minutes for somebody to wait on me .
1	oh and fun seat dancing music while you wait .
0	but recent experience not so great .
1	something about that peanut sauce keeps me coming back !
0	wo n't be eating there again .
1	smelly cat is always busy ... which is a good thing !
0	i honestly think calling her a bitch would be giving her credit .
1	the food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied .
0	i left with such a headache , i will never return .
1	the margaritas are fantastic !
0	i do not recommend anyone coming here to spend money .
1	staff is nice too .
0	food poor at best .
1	the burgers are great , as are the sweet potato fries and pickle chips .
0	no cookie for you .
1	the food is fresh not over cooked or nasty tasting from sitting so long .
0	very slow service .
1	the hotel is right on a pretty golf course .
0	the menu is too much , too big , too many choices .
1	ahh , this place is refreshing .
0	the dressing one yelper called `` amazing '' -- was a creamy orange nothing .
1	game on !
0	the fried rice was mushy and flavorless .
1	i have been eating here for _num_ years and every meal is delicious .
0	so here is why chipotle gets two stars .
1	very spacious and updated inside .
0	this year it has been broken at least _num_ times .
1	waiters were very attentive and funny .
0	what a big mistake shopping at ashley was .
1	certainly would recommend this hospital .
0	we went to a wedding only to find the hotel had no room .
1	good portions .
0	chicken strips overcooked with a hard crust .
1	now that 's service !
0	the beans are canned , i can go on and on !
1	nice people .
0	at times they have been less than mediocre but at least consistently mediocre .
1	delicious chinese food in a great , though sometimes cheesy , atmosphere .
0	the food was cold and the trays were almost empty .
1	everything on the menu is pretty much a la carte .
0	i wo n't be back and i would n't recommend .
1	i recommend it without reservation .
0	i told them we could n't eat the salad it was so bad .
1	great breakfasts , lunches and dinners .
0	i just did n't have the same experience that other people did .
1	overall a decent experience .
0	just used this business for my wedding .
1	the fruit fritters are very popular and seem to sell out the fastest !
0	she said `` he 's new , he did n't know '' .
1	it 's a good place to go and get an enchilada or carne asada .
0	the washer fluid was out , so we could n't clean the windshield .
1	check it out .
0	if i could i would give a half star rating for the car wash .
1	both were really good .
0	prices not that great compared to their competitors .
1	my friend and i were driving from dc and finally made it to charlotte .
0	sad because is a great location ?
1	awesome service at great prices .
0	bad service and burgers are not that good .
1	the staff was overall what really made this experience so good .
0	the chicken sandwiches and burgers are no longer consistent .
1	if you like combo fried rice , it is the best ever ... .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	and they 're delicious .
0	the mashed potatoes taste gross .
1	highly recommended !
0	this store needs a serious corporate overhaul .
1	this place is pretty great !
0	the wings are tiny and completely overcooked .
1	it is a keeper !
0	nor did they have any staff that cared about helping anyone find anything .
1	service here is good too .
0	_num_ hour later it was completed .
1	this place is a gem !
0	take note , y'all , this is the definition of lazy cooking .
1	young does my nails all the time here .
0	this time was worse .
1	i 've ordered from here constantly ever since they re opened .
0	it was not busy at the bar , and we were ignored .
1	decent local beer selection as well .
0	i wasted a trip .
1	ann and guy husband do great job teamwork .
0	there are much better auto spas in scottsdale .
1	cajun is spicy food and this def lived up to that !
0	at $ _num_ ... a basic wash is not cheap !
1	she would really be proud .
0	well sadly the prior visit seemed to be the par that has been set .
1	i highly recommend this place for anyone looking for breakfast / lunch .
0	cons : abysmal customer service .
1	this is a good option for a chain restaurant .
0	i was already a little annoyed by this .
1	highly recommend .
0	there has never been horse racing at the greyhound park .
1	great food , very friendly service .
0	the food is tasty but filled with grease and too much sodium content .
1	the chips are thick with just the right amount of salt .
0	the new service area layout is horrible .
1	salads are creative with wonderfully fresh ingredients .
0	my wife took our vehicle in to get _num_ tire replaced .
1	thank you so much arrow team .
0	park _num_ cafe is under new management .
1	this is a classic hole-in-the-wall restaurant .
0	the security guard at the front door tells me the cab just left .
1	fair pricing , kind staff , and a patient and knowledgable vet .
0	he was very apologetic and sincerely wanted to make my meal correctly .
1	everything is made fresh and tastes awesome !
0	so , why was it so busy ?
1	she had an amazing first day and actually enjoyed it !
0	but the positives stop there .
1	fantastic bar !
0	horrible .
1	i give a sincere thank to alta vista .
0	it would be zero stars from me on customer satisfaction .
1	the beers were also excellent .
0	this place is why salesman get a bad name .
1	love this place !
0	unfortunately , they forgot the key ingredient - `` freshness . ''
1	the meatballs were also delicious .
0	i did not have a great experience with this cvs .
1	highly recommend !
0	lukewarm soup does not make me happy .
1	great same day service very nice staff .
0	waitress did n't come back after we were served to see how things were .
1	the owner is almost always at the store and is very attentive .
0	to get a cab walk to the westin across the street .
1	very cool little dive .
0	i ca n't count how many times i 've been charged wrong .
1	loved this place !
0	typical greasy , low quality mexican food .
1	very straightforward individuals that work to help their customers !
0	again , poor management and customer service .
1	a friend of mine bought me a humidor from here as a gift .
0	our waiter made out night fun but everything else was pretty mediocre at best .
1	but i find the regular meals are great .
0	not very good chinese food in my opinion .
1	and really yummy authentic japanese food .
0	we did not realize that it was a problem .
1	drinks are great , food is outstanding , and service is awesome !
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	huge portions for a good price .
0	she is just a worker standing by the door like you .
1	i really love it !
0	when i say that i 'm a vietnamese food nut i am not joking .
1	pricing is great too !
0	it was good but nothing special .
1	thank you !
0	not worth my time nor money .
1	i recommend everything i have every had there .
0	i checked in to get treatment for this issue .
1	the pancakes are always a hit !
0	ick .
1	the sushi is well worth the visit .
0	never again well i spend money in this establishment .
1	atmosphere is nice and pleasant .
0	i would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage .
1	i had surgery here and had a positive experience from beginning to end .
0	personally i did not like this place .
1	great food .
0	tried to charge me $ _num_ .
1	many people in the party had the salmon and gave it great reviews also .
0	very disappointed .
1	i will come back here again definitely .
0	my mom , stepped in between us to stop .
1	absolutely terrific !
0	the chinese say my cooking is better than the restaurants .
1	but this facility is great .
0	however , he did not ship it out overnight as requested .
1	a classic .
0	terrible experience and we wo n't be back .
1	it was our first time there and a great experience .
0	i highly doubt i 'll ever step into this restaurant again .
1	i look fantastic and it was done at a very reasonable price .
0	the stores just do n't compare .
1	he 's amazing .
0	pies were the worst i 've ever eaten .
1	candied walnuts really make the difference .
0	when we got there adam was nowhere to be found .
1	) .
0	businesses ca n't pay yelp to fluff their reviews .
1	made reservations so our table could watch the live music .
0	so i ordered a salad instead .
1	this is a fantastic art museum .
0	when we had out celebration that afternoon , it became clear .
1	the entire staff was friendly and extremely knowledgeable on the entire process .
0	which i do n't really need .
1	everyone was so helpful and nice .
0	i am usually able to ignore it if i ca n't taste it .
1	new flavor unlike anything i 've ever had .
0	tram 's kitchen in my opinion is not really worth it .
1	one my favorite thai restaurants .
0	i realize that this is supposed to be a charlotte classic .
1	a numerous amount of healthy alternatives and snacks to choose from as well !
0	the sad thing is it was n't even busy .
1	this place has some fantastic looking outdoor furniture .
0	not just women 's bags .
1	the filet mignon was cooked to perfection , as always .
0	i could not get in with a doctor but instead saw a nurse .
1	the owner is very honest and caring !
0	( but looking for a better restaurant in the phoenix metro area . )
1	the staff was very friendly and prompt .
0	chef 's special was penne in a light alfredo sauce with crab and shrimp .
1	i highly recommend these guys .
0	the rooms are very dated and very dark .
1	the service was fantastic .
0	unbelievably disappointed .
1	bob the owner is always happy to see you and is a great guy .
0	i also ordered the udon off the late-night menu .
1	service was very good too , even though they were extremely busy .
0	oh and no fans !
1	highly recommend this place !
0	it was not bad , but i 'd not get again here .
1	keep up the good work ian 's pizza !
0	worst hooters ever !
1	`` nancy 's favorite sandwich '' is also suzanne 's : ) .
0	the entire staff was rude and condescending .
1	what an enjoyable trip out .
0	painfully mediocre : small rolls , $ _num_ miso soup , drinks were reasonable .
1	love this place .
0	when we asked for more coffee she did n't come back .
1	the staff here is super helpful and friendly .
0	i 'm not quite sure what all the hype is about .
1	i loved the desserts served in the lobby area .
0	this is not an outlet store .
1	it 's very fun !
0	im very disappointed in this unit .
1	a true delight with a short and thoughtful menu filled with well prepared grub .
0	and certainly not $ _num_ for a ten minute inspection .
1	wow !
0	food is expensive and totally tasteless .
1	he is the best .
0	worst experience ever .
1	definitely a local phx crowd .
0	it was a disaster .
1	pretty good asian market .
0	tonight me and some friends went as a group of five .
1	worked with them for years on all my family cars .
0	long story long ... .
1	love living here !
0	save your money , and save yourself the aggravation .
1	i so love this place !
0	i 'm probably going to have to get more taken .
1	i enjoyed it very much .
0	when it came out it was missing cheese and had _num_ onion slice .
1	high speed internet and delish scones , for one thing .
0	this starbucks is always freezing cold in the summer , uncomfortable .
1	and they deliver ... fast !
0	i have never been more disappointed .
1	their sushi is amazing and they have a perfectly priced menu .
0	service was non-existent so we were ignored .
1	service is pretty good and generally quick .
0	it 's $ _num_ just to be seen .
1	my friends love their pedi mani !
0	one check had _num_ beers but the keg blew on the third .
1	best lunch ever !
0	i 'll be avoiding going back .
1	they were really great to do business with !
0	even his staff member apologized to us when he walked off .
1	it looks and feels nice .
0	it was filthy and smelled so rotten i wanted to vomit .
1	we 'll definitely go back .
0	not that impressed .
1	i went to happy hour this evening with two girlfriends .
0	the 2nd half was better , but still left a lot to be desired .
1	overall good service when i come here !
0	poor communication , felt like a bad car sale with promises .
1	really nice guy .
0	that 's when things got much worse .
1	hidden gem in vegas .
0	got the ultra huge _num_ slice cheese pizza .
1	they have good chicken wings the spice and vinegar are balanced well .
0	nasty , nasty , nasty !
1	delicious breakfast sandwiches and a great place for lunch .
0	it was terrible .
1	i have eaten here repeatedly and the food and service are consistent .
0	so gross !
1	all around great experience .
0	too mad for them because , as i said , i love mexican food !
1	thanks for making our family dinner a great experience !
0	i was even talked out of the color i actually wanted .
1	would definitely recommend this place !
0	_num_ .
1	they are the best at caring for my cat 's health .
0	service aside , the food just was n't on point .
1	i also love the variety of sweets that are offered .
0	bland .
1	excellent - great service and good ( not great ) food .
0	i just find it generic .
1	the employees were friendly and helped to pick out a few choice items .
0	no check up , no `` anyone need another drink , '' nothing .
1	very experienced staff .
0	went in for lunch today and had the bbq steak burrito .
1	the phoenix art museum is a great way to spend an afternoon !
0	the rolls fell apart and the fish was sliced thin .
1	we just celebrated our 30th anniversary .
0	very rude and did not do what they said they would .
1	excellent attentive service !
0	it was boring and flavor free .
1	the dude that got there after me got right in and out !
0	if i could rate it zero i would .
1	the rolls are great , but not the best variety .
0	no one has gloves on !
1	you did a great job and made a sale of a trek bike .
0	i ca n't believe it .
1	great customer service and i was in and out in no time !
0	it was just meh .
1	fast service and really good food .
0	not gon na come back again .
1	the thin crust pizza is amazing !
0	it was about 9:30 in the evening and hardly anyone there .
1	one of my favorite places to eat with friends .
0	it 's not like there was n't time nor opportunity .
1	i will definitely be back .
0	minutes later , our entres arrive .
1	definitely a place that i will be coming back to .
0	some people ordered soda , some alcohol ... i just wanted water .
1	best sauce ever !
0	my car did n't arrive back until 8:00 pm that evening .
1	they have a true `` home again '' vibe .
0	put off my there lack of professionalism , no customer service .
1	they also do a wonderful job with the special exhibits .
0	this place is nothing but dirty filthy ghetto .
1	i love the rack !
0	told him my dog could could chew it and would take it to him .
1	i luv wedge salads , and they supply an excellent one .
0	ten dollars for _num_ dresses , _num_ new tops , and _num_ new belt .
1	most awesome used bike shop ever .
0	i 'm thinking they need a couple more cashiers on the weekend .
1	very comfortable bed and a great selection at the restaurant for breakfast and dinner .
0	paid $ _num_ for a _num_ cent size cheeseburger from mcdonalds .
1	many people love their pizza .
0	the only bright spot was the peanut butter fudge master shake my partner got .
1	great place to go shopping for the little furry members of the family .
0	so sad ... .
1	once again kelly 's nails delivers an amazing nail job !
0	the exam was decent , but after that it was all downhill !
1	its a no frills place with a simple menu and everything is great .
0	the sandwich is totally inedible .
1	impressive setting and location , and the servers were both polite and professional .
0	the bathroom was so inconvenient to get in and out of .
1	perfect amount of malt mixed in .
0	we also got `` chicken wings '' but did n't realize it said boneless .
1	my friend goes here and her hair always looks great !
0	and the fries ... soggy ... enough said .
1	i ordered a chicken salad sandwich and fries - it was excellent !
0	no answer and they never delivered the pizza !
1	this has become my go-to spot for karaoke on thursday nights !
0	i ask a question , she sound irritated answering my question .
1	i love the large artisan selection of desserts !
0	the place across the street was standing room only .
1	i was extremely happy with the service and the food .
0	she was friendly but just had no idea how to do things .
1	very nice place to go with your friend and enjoy drinking .
0	the chicken in my salad was obviously microwaved breaded leftover chicken .
1	eggs are the best and in my view under rated food .
0	the response was - you should have stopped and rescheduled .
1	veggie egg rolls are excellent - really interesting , complex flavor .
0	in frustrating , i said `` jesus !
1	the food is excellent here .
0	worst experience i have ever had @ a bowling alley .
1	very reasonably priced too for the fantastic service you 're getting .
0	he did n't finish it .
1	i 'll definitely be going back there for my future service .
0	so i answered , if i had one , i would 've said yes .
1	our family 's favorite carry out dinner .
0	walls are thin you can smell and hear everything coming from neighboring apartments .
1	the tiramisu was one of the best i 've had .
0	have a new phone only _num_ month old and it has many issues .
1	the steak is good for those who lean that way .
0	the duck was a major disappointment .
1	great group of knowledgeable guys .
0	they 're terrible .
1	this was a really nice outing with the friends .
0	we take them back to our family 's house and the wings taste horrible !
1	the food was terrific , huge portions !
0	the pictures do not do this place justice at all .
1	the menu is extremely easy navigate .
0	not enough waiters , the chef has to come out to serve by himself .
1	this is great .
0	there 's constantly trash left behind everywhere .
1	this is my favorite go to sushi restaurant for lunch .
0	it 's not !
1	they had true compassion for you and were just such kind and genuine people .
0	that 's not that worst part .
1	he 's in the right profession .
0	i 've had some rude service here from a particular bartender when choosing songs .
1	the acoustics are amazing .
0	terrible management company .
1	sandwiches are big and delish !
0	the young woman did not greet us in the most welcoming manner .
1	they were so accommodating , friendly and attentive .
0	unfortunately in the last couple of years they 've really let the place go .
1	it gets busy here but these guys are consistent and friendly .
0	he really did n't have a reply for that .
1	it was my first time and he made me feel very comfortable .
0	zero stars .
1	definitely worth coming back !
0	it was not focaccia bread .
1	best pho in town .
0	of course once again no help to move and gave me about _num_ days .
1	great place .
0	used flat screens from the early _num_ 's priced at $ _num_ !
1	great place to be at !
0	so i was not satisfied with their food .
1	such excellent customer service is rare these days and i highly recommend this business .
0	they get two stars only because they were open and not crowded go figure .
1	the rest of the organic food selection is good also .
0	_num_ minutes later she was home .
1	their sides are the best all of them !
0	gross !
1	delicious , authentic mexican food .
0	go somewhere else if you want office help that does n't give you attitude .
1	what a great group of guys and wonderful local shop !
0	the manager sat us at our table , and she seemed very angry .
1	they have such a variety of beers , that there is something for everyone !
0	i stopped going after almost _num_ months of not feeling better after each treatment .
1	atmosphere is good , but a bit crowded .
0	i really did n't know what to say to that .
1	we eat here pretty regularly .
0	if you hate your job so much , leave it !
1	very friendly staff .
0	however , when the salad arrived , there was no bacon .
1	thanks marissa !
0	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
1	their pizza is the best around for the money .
0	it does n't exist .
1	they always have the best mix of people in there .
0	she refused and said we must leave restaurant .
1	always have a nice time whenever we come to town .
0	skip this location !
1	we were given a corner room with a great golf course view .
0	wo n't be back .
1	the finance guy was also super nice and easy to work with .
0	i have previously gotten flowers for my wife from this place .
1	met scott , and professionally introduced himself , and acted so .
0	i 'm never ever one to complain but this was ridiculous !
1	she wanted to make sure we found the best place possible .
0	i think i deserve a refund on the this order .
1	we were seated fairly quickly and the service was prompt and friendly .
0	my sister stayed here about _num_ hours for soup and salad .
1	i 'd highly recommend the wine and dine experience .
0	adobe has done furniture cleaning for me before .
1	this place is a great little diner .
0	it 's not vegan friendly , so i quit eating there .
1	but chris hooked me up !
0	no lettuce , tomato , or mayo .
1	service is great , food is great , restaurant is great .
0	i guess i should have read the reviews here first .
1	thank you !
0	we should not support such poor service .
1	best deli in town , i 've tried almost everything on the menu .
0	completely flat .
1	it was great and will go here few times a month i bet !
0	to me , that is not good service .
1	burgers , salads , and shrimp cocktail were great .
0	shame on larry miller dodge peoria .
1	wow !
0	the cashier repeated back , `` asian salad . ''
1	this place hits the spot for late night food cravings .
0	very disappointed in this practice .
1	was nothing but friendly , and the overall experience was great !
0	no plastic utensils , napkins , parmesan , nothing .
1	plenty of leftover for later : ) will most definitely return .
0	how is this crap hole still standing ?
1	all of the pastries here are truly awesome .
0	this will be my last time visiting here unfortunately .
1	this was one of the best persian restaurants i 've been to !
0	service was slow to say the least .
1	it 's good .
0	worst service ever !
1	agreed on a price and got set up .
0	the food here is ok , and the location is convenient to my house .
1	one thing , done well .
0	thanks for nothing .
1	crazy good value .
0	i ca n't image why kfc allows them to operate under their name .
1	i also had the works and it was exactly what i was craving .
0	instead , it probably happened in my closet and i did n't notice .
1	fast , professional , friendly service .
0	she was n't having it .
1	the pear margarita was delicious !
0	_num_ am ?
1	yc 's is super legit .
0	brought my daughter in for allergy testing .
1	one on the seat back , and one on the seat .
0	i wish i could give less than a _num_ star review .
1	good food , good drinks .
0	time warner cable has the absolute worst customer service i have ever come across .
1	great sushi !
0	that was so wrong what a horrible way to treat a woman .
1	the shop is clean and everyone is professional .
0	the waiter took a long time to come take our order .
1	it was very neat .
0	tempe acura is _num_ miles away from my place .
1	absolutely amazing .
0	it should have been more like a salad and less like a mayo spread .
1	the service was fast and friendly .
0	a day later , it is leaking again , worse than it was before .
1	also the desserts agree so good .
0	i have never had gel nails done so poorly .
1	we will definitely continue to keep coming back here for years to come !
0	normally okay , but my wife needed her clothes for _num_ am flight tomorrow .
1	if you like tripe , it is expertly prepared and so tender .
0	the sandwich had absolutely no flavor , nothing .
1	staff is always friendly .
0	disgusting !
1	we love it here .
0	unfortunately we were very disappointed .
1	we 'll definitely shop here again .
0	they turned out terrible .
1	all in all a very nice track to play .
0	this place is not good .
1	great bakery .
0	he asked if i heard it - i didnt .
1	the hot and sour soup was very good .
0	i am still in severe pain .
1	i love trader joes prices and the freshness of their produce .
0	i noticed a reply on my rating .
1	full of flavor , better than a lot of others i have tried .
0	if i could rate a zero i would .
1	rocky river is a great place to play for as skill levels .
0	my clothes had that dry cleaner smell for days longer than other cleaners .
1	best food on the planet .
0	_num_ corned beef steak remains .
1	consistently has great tasting pho .
0	do not buy from this dealership .
1	beautiful flower arrangement delivered as promised , if not better .
0	one time i waited _num_ minutes !
1	she loved it , and so did i .
0	lousy service .
1	mmmmm , i love pita jungle !
0	first of all , if i could i would n't give them any stars !
1	in fine dining it is about more than just good food .
0	greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
1	this is , hands down , the best restaurant in champaign right now .
0	so he then asked another associate for help in finding my appointment .
1	they have affordable pet care and they are honest .
0	not a lot to see and do .
1	i will definitely order from here again .
0	have n't had one i did n't like .
1	they have really made some great renovations to make this a decent layover stop .
0	this did not meet my expectations from reviews and photos that were posted .
1	this is by far my favorite chinese restaurant in las vegas !
0	strike _num_ i 'm a loyal always paying on time never late customer .
1	we tried two of the combination plates and everything was really good .
0	taken _num_ tries to get order right and the server could care less .
1	he can pretty much make any drink that you want .
0	updated review since old review was _num_ years old .
1	french fries are awesome and at least a pound serving .
0	i wish this app had negative stars .
1	had n't been there in a year and the renovations are great !
0	you know the kind they try to make but it just is n't pizza .
1	give the fresh pretzels with queso a try !
0	if you want some good chinese food head down the street to east ocean .
1	the food is prepared fresh and tastes great .
0	my lasagna was incredibly dry .
1	she never disappoints me !
0	the front desk personnel is useless and very very weak .
1	these guys are great !
0	not really , though .
1	the staff is so wonderful , and the business is super clean .
0	the crepe pancakes were ok , but nothing to write home about .
1	oh so good !
0	there are so many competitors and the economy is not great right now .
1	love the price and condiments are plentiful .
0	not so much anymore , and definitely not at this location .
1	thank you oregano 's .
0	_num_ .
1	i wondered into this place on a beautiful saturday afternoon and fell in love .
0	it is christmas and i still do n't have it .
1	love this place !
0	i must 've really wanted this burger because i stayed and paid $ _num_ .
1	good spice levels .
0	i am not going back another visit .
1	we had ramen which was great and good sushi .
0	i will never never never check out this place again .
1	i also really enjoy the wings !
0	avoid if you can !
1	best seafood in phoenix !
0	we had fried pickles which were fantastic , as expected !
1	the buffalo boneless wings are good , too .
0	horrible store !
1	not only was the food absolutely delicious , but the service was outstanding .
0	obviously , i had lost my appetite .
1	great experience !
0	even so , we could still smell smoke .
1	nice place !
0	the wings do not come with celery .
1	the service was spot on throughout and our waitress was very sweet and personable .
0	the worst !
1	the staff is always helpful .
0	why am i even writing this ?
1	the food is fabulous and the service was very good .
0	i gave her the damn receipt & walked away .
1	i love it so much it is perfection .
0	the lemonade was awful .
1	great place to stay when you 're in the area !
0	this place is fucking terrible .
1	my wife and i have lunch here frequently and have been for several years .
0	even the chicken went bad .
1	oh and it tastes pretty good too .
0	so nasty !
1	great local bar , friendly staff .
0	this was the most lackluster dining experience that i have had in years .
1	i must state that this is an amazing place .
0	after this visit , i really wo n't be returning again .
1	amazing happy hour specials .
0	the place is very low class .
1	they also have some excellent thai specialties .
0	the waitress tells me that customers are n't supposed to get their drinks themselves .
1	staff is always happy to help you .
0	if you live _num_ minutes away , sure .
1	jodi was fantastic and really made our experience wonderful !
0	it is mexican by a stretch of the meaning .
1	i absolutely loved this little coffee shop in the noda district of charlotte .
0	i 've been here a total of _num_ times .
1	bright fun loving relaxed interior decor , great prices and awesome food .
0	i 'm a customer that has decorated my whole home with pottery barn furniture .
1	best vegan doughnuts ever .
0	what a disappointing experience .
1	wow !
0	the dessert we ordered was a ricotta cheesecake , the menu read with cherries .
1	highly recommend this office .
0	actually all of the staff i encountered in my _num_ days here were great .
1	a nice little place to get a brew after a game on phoenix .
0	there was no compassion or empathy about my dog , who is my life .
1	priced just right for what you get .
0	i saw at least _num_ people walk out without any food at all .
1	my bf got the dinner special sesame chicken with fried rice .
0	artisan , i am officially done with you .
1	i 'm stoked !
0	i do n't even know where to start !
1	the guys were so kind and easy to work with !
0	to just try something , i went with the carne asada burrito .
1	they are so delicious .
0	no nothing .
1	i 'm kind of kidding .
0	no one here i 'm waiting waiting .
1	the bread was nice and fresh , and the au jus was spot on .
0	like lasagna with your salt , or pizza with your salt ?
1	i have found the restaurant to always be clean and the food is excellent !
0	that 's not a lobster roll !
1	cool atmosphere inside .
0	i would be very careful before i used this agent for insurance .
1	`` pho kim long '' you 've got to love the name !
0	i probably would have liked it more if i had started with it though .
1	absolutely perfect .
0	honestly , do n't waste your money and go to laser quest .
1	its simply delicious .
0	i 'd rather go after work or on my day off .
1	best prices , and most fun costumes .
0	i went to get my nails and toes done and left so unhappy .
1	excellent .
0	i had been here before about a year ago and everything was fine .
1	great bread baked on site ?
0	just waited over _num_ minutes .
1	excellent service and great flavor seasoning .
0	the location of this restaurant needs to be updated .
1	so very good .
0	they certainly do not warrant their work nor take responsibility for their actions .
1	the salon is very clean !
0	ca n't wait to move to a place with a better cable provider .
1	we will definitely used them again !
0	i 'm not sure what was worse food or service .
1	and the experience with staff and the doctor were as pleasant as could be .
0	but on the very bottom shelf .
1	excellent menu - all food is outstanding .
0	every steak at our table ( there were _num_ ) were practically inedible .
1	the owners are very friendly and always get my order perfect !
0	maybe we just had a bad experience ?
1	service was exceptional and i will absolutely come back .
0	the service is terrible .
1	excellent !
0	everything else was awful !
1	i have to keep my beauty clean .
0	my gf got the wonton soup and was also disappointed .
1	the reuben was excellent and the burger was ... a burger .
0	the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
1	great food .
0	hot water lasted only a very sort while ( 10-15 min max ) .
1	the food is hot and delicious and the style is very casual .
0	the waitress explained that there is a $ _num_ split fee .
1	well , my search has ended !
0	son : kid 's ribs .
1	my visits are becoming farther and farther apart and i feel great !
0	the food is no better then the other burrito places in uptown .
1	the three of us each had a lunch special .
0	not sure why the even did other than it being a holiday .
1	the dishes are large and there is always some leftover to take home .
0	not impressed .
1	best bbq in las vegas .
0	i told them it wasnt a problem but i was just having some symptoms .
1	everyone is always so friendly and there to help you .
0	terrible dealership , pretty much get what you pay for here .
1	home made pasta , fresh and original .
0	life is too short for bad italian food !
1	best bar i have been in las vegas i will definitely be back .
0	this was probably the single worst place we 've eaten .
1	it came with a side of fruit and all on all pretty delicious .
0	slow !
1	one of my very favorite meals !
0	oh , no !
1	nice place , towards the expensive side , but the food is great .
0	the worst experience of my life .
1	it 's always very busy there ... a sign of a successful restaurant .
0	what a disappointment !
1	i definitely satisfied with the service and it leave a good memories .
0	it was actually warmer outside where it is _num_ .
1	got me a job sooner than anticipated .
0	( an entire chocolate cream pie is only $ _num_ . )
1	excellent customer service .
0	i was n't paying attention and wow !
1	also thai tea is a must everywhere i go .
0	it feels more like a big bar than a concert hall .
1	she 's nice and knows how to care for there clients .
0	no one returned to fill coffee .
1	everyone that works here is very nice and helpful .
0	very disappointed .
1	thanks for giving us this jewel in the desert .
0	all seven of us did not tip a single cent .
1	everyone enjoyed their tacos .
0	they should really make this a motel _num_ .
1	mary is great !
0	i ordered the pork chop and it was n't seasoned well .
1	great service .
0	seriously , yelpers , how does this place have such a high rating ?
1	thai tea and a doughnut .
0	the options to put on sandwiches are super limited .
1	this place is my absolute favorite joint in town .
0	just seemed like she was in a hurry to get us out of there .
1	it was the first time we tried chicago style pizza and we loved it !
0	also , the prices are too high .
1	but they nailed it ... just the right amount of brown and butter !
0	i will not recommend a place that does n't own their mistakes .
1	the front desk gal was amazing and very sweet .
0	horrible , horrible , horrible .
1	good coffee , very clean and bright .
0	now i know why the employees dont smile .
1	she did give me a nice pull string bag which i really like .
0	the rolls fell apart and the wasabi was really low quality .
1	the old church is beautiful inside and the staff is nice and attentive .
0	every time i pass this place i wonder how the doors stay open .
1	they have a good selection and prices are decent .
0	i did n't even know how to respond to him .
1	the food is really good .
0	sorry but i will never be back at the shiloh grill !
1	this is the best neighborhood bar to cap your night off at .
0	this was after waiting in the waiting room for _num_ hours .
1	it was a nice monday morning we we walked in and grabbed a seat .
0	she said no one !
1	great cars for great prices .
0	for an appetizer we had the potato skins .
1	will be back again !
0	the third haircut was just awful : styled awful , looked strange .
1	delightful meal .
0	what kind of business model does n't allow their own employees to do returns ?
1	excellent food !
0	thought it was a little steep for a hole in the wall chinese place .
1	finally after everyone at my table was done eating i finally got my sauce .
0	and i refused to move until she gave me my order .
1	i love kai .
0	and the cost of other items does n't meet the quality .
1	oh and the food , atmosphere , and the service was excellent too .
0	i would not recommend nor go there again .
1	their late night menu is decent .
0	the jean prices are a little higher here as well .
1	the food is great and comes in portions too big to finish .
0	guess i was spoiled living in northern va .
1	there is an amazing amount of stuff in one place !
0	slow drive thru line and the girl running the window seemed so unhappy .
1	we 'll definitely be back .
0	all the food here is cold and greasy with absolute no flavor .
1	for thai curry , i think it 's definitely the best on willy street .
0	this place is horrible .
1	great experience !
0	crusty .
1	( try the pesto pasta ) the pizza and sandwiches are great as well !
0	it took them another _num_ minutes to figure out where my keys were .
1	fantastic steak .
0	i went in to get my rear brakes replaced for $ _num_ .
1	a perfect first time experience .
0	wow , these little things are really expensive .
1	for _num_ years i have loved everything about this place .
0	the tables probably had n't been cleaned in years .
1	always a good experience here .
0	_num_ .
1	it 's an unassuming strip mall joint with a pretty straight forward menu .
0	it was just a sad piece of chicken on a plate .
1	highly recommend .
0	flavorless .
1	and the prices are great .
0	it came with a cream sauce , asparagus , mushrooms , and carrots .
1	thank you for serving me and my family !
0	this was not our first visit but it was our last .
1	they know how to make carne asada burritos .
0	incredibly horrible service .
1	nicely lit .
0	waited _num_ minutes to get my eyebrows done as a walk-in .
1	local , organic ingredients with a creative menu and quick and friendly service .
0	the meal went downhill after that .
1	my husband is from wisconsin and he gives this dairy _num_ thumbs up !
0	very weird !
1	good selection for a late nite menu .
0	i would n't even iron them let alone wash them .
1	and we will be back !
0	trust me .
1	i definitely trust this staff !
0	hopefully , it 's limited to this particular location .
1	friendly front desk staff and a solid room for an affordable price .
0	poor planning .
1	this was the best thai food i have had in years !
0	they act like they do n't need customers .
1	as always the food was again great .
0	the food is what we went for but i was disappointed .
1	i noticed a well groomed dog at scottsdale quarters .
0	the garlic bread was n't even toasted , and was soggy and terrible tasting .
1	tip : they also do live halibut sashimi korean style with all the fixings !
0	the salad was _num_ and then entree was full price .
1	price is excellent for the quality and quantity of food you get .
0	not exactly what i would call a great place to eat .
1	this venue is perfect for small productions and great acting .
0	guess they realized that they could n't trick us ... and got pissed .
1	the prices are always reasonable , the waiters pleasant and the atmosphere casual .
0	she did n't come to our table and apologize for the ribs or chicken .
1	nice little place to get a good pizza or a quick bite to eat !
0	mine was better , but i 've forgotten what it was .
1	their customer service is extraordinary and they get the job done !
0	a sure sign of poor quality food !
1	the food is always fresh , and the service is always great .
0	in the end , he finished my haircut and offered his apologies .
1	bathrooms are better than the tree out front .
0	i 'm telling you , save your money !
1	fabulous fried rice too , also another test of a good chinese restaurant .
0	they did not care though .
1	food is delicious !
0	he just said `` sorry man '' and did n't offer any solutions .
1	barb 's bakery is a nice bakery .
0	i rate denny 's a _num_ out of _num_ and please read why .
1	it 's well worth the drive in the summer heat for food this good !
0	this leaves the meat dry and tasteless .
1	awesome burritos .
0	the food was decent for bar food and the beers were really cheap .
1	i was really satisfied with my service .
0	i had a terrible experience here .
1	the work is amazing .
0	this makes my sandwhich wrapping a mess !
1	friendly and fun place to take the whole family for some amazing mexican food !
0	zero stars ?
1	i highly recommend this shop !
0	we 've been struggling to get our money back for _num_ weeks .
1	they are very good .
0	i will be filing a bbb complaint as well against this terrible management company !
1	the ambiance was nice too .
0	its downright awful and has been for awhile .
1	i come every chance i get !
0	if i were that girl i would have quit on the spot .
1	they have great prices and great food !
0	nothing special .
1	huge portions , cheap , and good chips and salsa , i 'm in !
0	bad pizza !
1	had the best experience with lydia !
0	worst experience ever .
1	this is our second time staying at this hotel and we love it here !
0	everyone in the waiting room was freaking out .
1	very happy with result .
0	take your money elsewhere .
1	the staff here he is incredibly attentive and most delightful .
0	the management needs to start training better here .
1	loved the few jokes at the end of mass .
0	_num_ hours later .
1	this place is really big .
0	ignored it for the movie while they continued being loud and rude throughout .
1	it tasted amazing .
0	bad shelter !
1	very impressed with this place and look forward to my next appointment !
0	every time i go in here i get generally bad service .
1	really ... really good .
0	horrible !
1	lots of people ordered burritos and tacos .
0	that was it , no apology or offer to wash it again .
1	worth a stop .
0	some of them do n't even have the skills that are required to teach .
1	all the staff is very nice and friendly .
0	this place is popular , but it is just is not for me !
1	awesome food and service .
0	the problem with your business is that there is a lack of urgency .
1	very consistent quality and service .
0	she offered me two different stylists by name with no other information .
1	i feel very comfortable referring anybody there .
0	needless to say we wo n't be coming back to this olive garden .
1	becky was fantastic !
0	i give _num_ stars for the portion size and the speedy delivery .
1	staff is very friendly , salsa bar is always fresh .
0	after quite a wait , we received _num_ of our _num_ items .
1	good sign of great food in a sleepy little strip mall !
0	this time was n't so good .
1	always plenty to share per entree .
0	so not worth the walk that we took to get here .
1	i really do like this place .
0	bummer , big waste of time and effort .
1	friendly sales associates .
0	he never apologized and the woman that sat us was in a mood too .
1	prices are somewhat reasonable , but the services make this place worth it .
0	my first visit i was charged $ _num_ .
1	it is the best mexican dinner in arizona .
0	i very strongly advise against coming here for any reason .
1	i love my new glasses and contacts !
0	i can not tell you how upset i was .
1	let me tell you i was very impressed .
0	also everyone else in my party who ordered the buffet was disappointed .
1	we will continue coming back !
0	the food here is n't very good .
1	i would definitely go back and recommend to others .
0	we also did n't see any chopsticks .
1	the salon is immaculate and the staff are all very nice .
0	6:30 rolls around no text , called in to automated system still not ready .
1	and they make some pretty good wings as well .
0	again , i was n't even offered the courtesy of a chair .
1	the car is fantastic and in great condition - i love it !
0	ugh .
1	frank was very professional and was able to explain what needed to be done .
0	beware of this dentist !
1	it is small and inviting .
0	poured most of it down the drain instead .
1	this place is so legit !
0	i hate everything about it .
1	the food was really quite good at this hotel restaurant/bar .
0	poor little guy .
1	the store is never dirty and it always plays fun , upbeat music .
0	that was more than a week ago and we have seen and heard nothing .
1	the service has always been good to me here .
0	there was _num_ in our party .
1	the pizza is really good too !
0	the bar is lame .
1	best pizza there is !
0	sonic should be ashamed of themselves .
1	and the service is so quick .
0	he did n't even refill our waters .
1	one of our favorite casual dining places !
0	also the men 's room was n't too clean either .
1	wow .
0	i would not give any stars , but that was n't an option .
1	trainer alexis is great , really knows how to kick your butt into shape .
0	i will never do business with discount tires ever again .
1	def recommend !
0	it was very chaotic , very crowded and felt like a generic chain .
1	food is very good , sandwiches and burger both stand out .
0	it took me a minute to locate the emergency unit .
1	delicious and you wo n't find anything like it at home !
0	no need for a customer to have to call multiple times to get service .
1	but it was really top notch all the way .
0	the french toast was completely amateur .
1	the prices are more than reasonable for the authentic food you get .
0	_num_ .
1	food came out right away .
0	what a horrible system .
1	office staff seem nice too !
0	i feel really bad that he has to work with someone like nick .
1	great place to kill a few hours and enjoy animals !
0	the pie was a mess on plate .
1	it 's colorful , warm and inviting .
0	when i checked in , the front desk staff was missing .
1	this is a cool little spot , especially for out-of-towners .
0	so in summary , i would not recommend this place to my worst enemy .
1	i 've got ta say , their pork was pretty top notch .
0	- our chicken strips came out burnt .
1	great job !
0	this has been by far the worst experience i 've had in any apartment .
1	the best source for what 's happening in charlotte , nc .
0	anyway , the food was not very good .
1	joe , our server , was awesome and super friendly .
0	someone had to go and tell her that she had forgotten .
1	the pizza was pretty good !
0	it 's not as if i had high expectations ... .
1	had a great meal there on thanksgiving evening .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	we buy 3-4 of the party pizzas for work and the guys love it !
0	customer service was seriously lacking .
1	come here ... best thing in town .
0	customer service does n't seem to be a priority either .
1	the waitress we had this past visit was amazing .
0	unfortunately that 's about all that 's been good .
1	very impressed with this place , great customer service .
0	the mediocre pizza is n't my complaint ( today ) .
1	dr. ito is always upbeat and engaging .
0	i 'll stay elsewhere next time i 'm in town .
1	the aroma , friendliness and outstanding food keeps me coming back .
0	never seen so much selection all in one place .
1	if you want a challenge , it 's all good .
0	so with that said i 'm not sure i would be back .
1	my favorites are the italian pressed sandwich and their caprese sandwich .
0	it is dull and boring .
1	great menu options for a cafe .
0	it was neither busy nor a late hour for lunch .
1	the price is amazing for the quality of product .
0	tsa security is the worst .
1	this is a great place for a little morning breakfast or snack !
0	it 's $ _num_ for most mixed drinks that are not even that strong .
1	my girlfriend ordered the veggie fried rice and loved it also !
0	older guy running the bar did not care .
1	the stuff here is always super nice !
0	very sketchy thing to do .
1	i completely agree with wes .
0	if i could it would be zero stars .
1	dining here is my favorite part of coming to vegas .
0	slow to get your car back for oil change .
1	may have found my new lunch spot !
0	if there are no prices posted , i wont buy it .
1	my waiter was delightful .
0	do n't know how much lower it can go .
1	great fabrics and supplies too .
0	second , the customer service or should i say lack of customer service .
1	the staff is quick and efficient and the prices are very fair .
0	the bacon was thick , the avocado and the other toppings were great .
1	this store deserves any business you can give them !
0	_num_ .
1	jackie and her team there are the best .
0	our room was the same room we were originally booked into .
1	always friendly good service and casual environment to chat and talk .
0	she was bland and uninterested and slow as hell .
1	the baristas are super nice , and the coffee is good fair trade organic .
0	ramen was too salty and the udon was bland .
1	great manicure and pedicure !
0	nothing was awful it just was n't anything to rave about .
1	i went here with some business colleagues and enjoyed an excellent experience .
0	my wife and i went here on sunday for lunch .
1	clean facilities and great massage chairs for the pedi 's .
0	buffalo exchange is no longer like that store .
1	very nice place .
0	took forever to get non alcoholic drinks .
1	friendly service , decent parking .
0	why does my toilet paper have to be organic ?
1	great value for your money and entertaining .
0	( i 'm going to try and use as few details as possible ) .
1	the food was interesting and prepared well .
0	plus no custard between crust n fruit !
1	this place offers a pretty good menu selection .
0	it just does n't get much worse than this airport .
1	she 's the best !
0	this was expensive night out .
1	i even have to say the food was very good .
0	it 's been that way for sometime and is n't getting any better .
1	i love the sauce on it .
0	i hate this place !
1	they look fantastic , and were expertly bound and trimmed .
0	this tells me the teacher does n't know how to progress the students correctly .
1	great improvement !
0	ridiculous .
1	charming dcor , friendly staff and quaint ambiance .
0	a taco has meat , lettuce , and cheese .
1	wow !
0	worst wendy 's i have ever seen .
1	we love coming here .
0	worst experience ever .
1	the atmosphere is very unpretentious and the food is so on point .
0	do not go to this place .
1	kudos smelly cat , and thank you cathy !
0	the burgers are sloppy and not stacked correctly .
1	great staff and selection .
0	unfortunately , i had a really terrible experience at this salon .
1	always take my pets here they seem to love it .
0	my pasta is supposed to have sauce !
1	nice employees .
0	either way , i did n't enjoy it .
1	the food is good , typical chinese dishes .
0	so after several more wrong turns we finally get home .
1	the owner is are gentlemen and a pleasure if you ever get to meet .
0	i 'm legit never eating here again .
1	and this place knows how to do tacos and chilaquiles .
0	beans overcooked .
1	patrick is awesome .
0	crap , crap , crap .
1	sir jack took great care of us .
0	_num_ of us ate there late in the evening .
1	excellent waitstaff .
0	this place is trashy .
1	will highly recommend .
0	the worst i never had a problem with this in the past .
1	i came here pretty often my junior year at the u of i .
0	aside from the slim , pricey selection , the place was a mess .
1	done and done .
0	no class whatsoever .
1	our experience had been great .
0	then , he comes back .
1	great location by south park .
0	no greeting .
1	this was our favorite spot in sedona .
0	i would not suggest taking vehicles to extra mile auto .
1	great experience .
0	the lady spent barely _num_ minutes on my hair ... it was a disaster .
1	everything was great !
0	it was a busy night but there should be no excuses , here .
1	i have been to a few airports but this is well set up .
0	horrible food !
1	just wonderful .
0	6th stop of the dine around .
1	it 's great food .
0	just not going back there .
1	service was on top of everything .
0	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
1	do dress nice though !
0	most of the empty tables were covered with messy dishes and food .
1	tasty food and ok service .
0	nothing special .
1	sky harbor international airport is the best international airport in arizona .
0	they have the worst customer service ever .
1	barb was fantastic today helping me !
0	worst food and customer service ever .
1	all in all , a great asset to squirrel hill !
0	its been a long time since i ate jacks .
1	the antipasto for two is a great start .
0	ridiculous .
1	it 's a step into the past and the food was great .
0	would not recommend .
1	i love it !
0	food is ok but the service is a thumb down .
1	thanks everyone !
0	try their calamari over angel hair yum !
1	i found the best pizza in madison , friends .
0	sometimes we would get _num_ waiters and they were all rude .
1	fantastic food .
0	there are literally hundreds of hotels in las vegas .
1	always full and happy after golden gate !
0	price : tasty is cheap .
1	the tots were perfectly fried .
0	i would skip it and go to another place .
1	highly recommend and i will for sure return .
0	fortunately i used a groupon deal before deciding to register for regular classes .
1	affordable and such a friendly staff .
0	rude people run the front desk and security .
1	the overall quality of the food is excellent .
0	this airport is absolutely ridiculous !
1	awesome fish sandwich best in pittsburgh go for the beer battered enjoy !
0	i apologize for the caps lock now .
1	eating outside was nice as well .
0	they were not great and i would n't recommend them to others .
1	felt very real .
0	beware : do not stay here !
1	great outdoor space , tons of big screens , friendly laid back staff .
0	the cashier was just plain not friendly .
1	food was great .
0	bad values all around .
1	best chips and salsa and sopapillas in town !
0	a few days before the procedure , they quoted me $ _num_ .
1	wonderful , honest , and efficient work !
0	i had the pasta trio .
1	they always have some great specials .
0	nobody seems to be involved in improving the patient experience .
1	truly a one of a kind place .
0	had a bacon egg and cheese on a salt bagel this morning .
1	so we did and i have to say it was great .
0	this is not the lulu 's i remember .
1	it was definitely one of the best we have had since moving from california .
0	i think their overall rating speaks for itself .
1	great experience , clean car , on time could n't ask for more .
0	horrible service .
1	however , it will be worth the wait , every single time .
0	i tried to put it on and it was now too small .
1	thank you oreganos , for making our dinner a success !
0	i should 've known when i first walked in .
1	service is laid back and casual and food comes fast .
0	terrible service , too much standing around and talking instead of working .
1	the service is also completely on par .
0	if you hate your jobs that bad then go pick fruit .
1	one of the best white pizzas i have ever had !
0	_num_ .
1	my kids always love coming here and they have great laser tag specials .
0	what a disappointment .
1	the service was excellent during my visit and not to mention the decent pricing .
0	thanks for not charging me for that salad , really appreciate it ?
1	the food is way better !
0	also very bland and greasy .
1	i would recommend this hospital to anyone .
0	maybe i will try one more time and try the banana pudding ?
1	soooo yummy !
0	the place was dead .
1	they loved seeing the bull outside and the cave like entry .
0	he presented a bill for $ _num_ which included a $ _num_ service fee .
1	excellent inventory .
0	absolutely the worst customer service i 've ever experienced with any major corporation .
1	the delivery driver was also very apologetic and nice .
0	spent almost _num_ and a half hours there , entirely waiting for food .
1	fantastic steaks , great atmosphere , and wonderful service !
0	i did n't smell crap from volcano when they made mine .
1	tasty place !
0	never been in old place but new is not worth of visiting .
1	the food was great .
0	_num_ .
1	i would recommend this jeweler to anyone considering jewelry .
0	every silverware roll we got was gross .
1	great work guys !
0	said something to manager and they did n't care .
1	i just love it .
0	poorly handled from start to finish .
1	the staff were also very warm and welcoming .
0	i reserve again and i get the same treatment .
1	the crazy roll was decent and basic .
0	upon checking in , valet was no where to be found .
1	super easy and quick .
0	the chicken lacked flavor and was fatty for the most part .
1	i highly recommend stopping in to see what they have and comparing prices .
0	tonight was definitely the last i 'll ever order here .
1	highly recommend reservations !
0	i also should have known that i should n't have cheated on my diet .
1	this is my favorite restaurant .
0	my family and i are throwing away four full boxes of absolute trash .
1	great service dining in and great for take out .
0	additionally , they gave me my tortillas late and my fiance never got his .
1	good margaritas .
0	this was a mistake .
1	staff is super knowledgeable and friendly .
0	i hate walmart .
1	the bobby is hands down the best sandwich !
0	this place really needs to change .
1	pleasant wait staff .
0	i looked at the website and it seemed super nice .
1	staff was very friendly .
0	too bad there are no negative stars .
1	great service .
0	so , why not ?
1	also , the alfredo bacon cheese bread is a must !
0	my dress would 've been ruined .
1	beautiful location with chihuly sculptures around the garden .
0	needless to say we wo n't be back .
1	they are the best .
0	dirty dishes left on tables for _num_ minutes .
1	and really that 's all i need .
0	but domino 's is at least on par with pizza hut and papa johns .
1	their fries are excellent .
0	even their hummus is mediocre .
1	truly one of the best seafood mexican restaurants i have ever been to .
0	while there , our service was terrible .
1	loved them by the way !
0	the sales team at this store is incredibly incompetent .
1	best mexican food around !
0	it should never take _num_ minutes to get an under toasted english muffin .
1	the food was great and prices were too .
0	you guys did n't lose a customer today , you lost an entire family .
1	and the food ... .
0	i 'm a turkey snob and this was average at best .
1	service was fast and efficient .
0	no customer service skills and food was ok .
1	service was good .
0	horrible service .
1	definitely going back .
0	my masseuse did everything she could but it 's just not a good situation .
1	it 's a little dark hideaway that serves up great food .
0	my daughter barely ate any of her two mini tacos .
1	the service is consistently good and for people watching i give it an a++ .
0	no big deal right ?
1	excellent food , fast service and the price is very reasonable .
0	this includes not delivering our drinks , bread , or food .
1	delicious !
0	ridiculous .
1	great coffee shop !
0	wish yelp allowed negative stars .
1	my dog always comes home and perfection is what it is .
0	i signed up on yelp just do dog this place !
1	i had never seen a physical therapist before so this was a new experience .
0	my purse and phone were taken but not my car keys or smart water .
1	definitely recommend it !
0	the lettuce is frozen and the tomatoes are sometimes rotten .
1	also a nice selection of cat stuff .
0	service is slow and the food is not good at all .
1	that 's a big plus for me .
0	tacky place .
1	chris esquire at freeway chevrolet thank you .
0	they 're open _num_ hours .
1	place is huge and the waitstaff friendly and quick .
0	unfortunately , this restaurant used to be better .
1	excellent italian food .
0	gross .
1	the workers there are very friendly and helpful - sometimes overly so .
0	he can only price match $ _num_ ?
1	the string lights in the courtyard are a super cute touch !
0	it did n't seem any cheaper than some of the better places .
1	great place for simple sandwiches and salads .
0	it 's sad .
1	mix that with friendly and attentive staff and you have a winner !
0	however it was unprofessional of our waitress to pass buck .
1	good job .
0	i know everyone already knows cox sucks .
1	great experience and will most definitely be back .
0	the two beers that i had were decent but not amazing .
1	highly recommend .
0	over all im so much happier to go to outback steakhouse .
1	typically this place is pretty clean and neat .
0	my chicken tortilla soup had little to no flavor .
1	i also recommend the spicy seared tuna lettuce wraps .
0	not the service i expected !
1	the view of camelback mountain is gorgeous !
0	i just had the worst experience ever .
1	if you want a good steak they do have a great one .
0	no shrimp , no squash .
1	thank you again .
0	i felt like this one waitress was very rude .
1	service is always top-notch .
0	they tasted fishy & gross .
1	a nice piece of history .
0	taco bell has this weird aftertaste that i just could n't get over .
1	the food is phenomenal !
0	called a total of _num_ times , with hold times total _num_ hours .
1	what a fantastic dinner .
0	i 'm pretty sure there were no other ingredient .
1	the sell tasty sandwiches at this place .
0	we were extremely disappointed in our trip .
1	i came here after a difficult week to treat myself to a fancy lunch .
0	should be around $ _num_ .
1	good food , cheap drinks , great service .
0	surprisingly nothing came with the food .
1	everything tastes good and fresh .
0	hire a better company .
1	to this day they still do a great job every time .
0	mattress is _num_ months old .
1	the service exceeded my expectations based on other reviews here .
0	too bad ... .
1	ron has always been friendly and personable whenever i have gone in .
0	we were really disappointed with our food here .
1	the pictures below describe it nicely .
0	they just ca n't fill your order correctly ... time after time .
1	excellent quality , service , and value .
0	visited on a friday night and it was pretty crowded .
1	they are friendly and provides great service .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	great value in my book , especially for something so fresh !
0	however this was not meant to be .
1	love the selection in their clearance section .
0	my husband stood there next to the mechanic and watched him the whole time .
1	these steaks are well presented , perfectly done and taste wonderful !
0	the worst part , though , was the service .
1	the food was amazing .
0	bad choice !
1	the waitstaff was helpful and sweet .
0	well that 's just too bad !
1	well maintained easy to see all of the animals .
0	i left very disappointed , and without any desire to return .
1	from the beginning to the end the service was amazing .
0	in the end we just canceled his order and my husband left without eating .
1	love the patio for happy hour !
0	i gave two stars because the fried chicken actually tasted good .
1	wonderful office !
0	now i see why everyone was in their seats at _num_ pm talking .
1	i definitely would recommend this to friends .
0	yep , sketchy and a little ghetto i thought .
1	but i finally found it !
0	three of us apparently got the last cold beers .
1	the falafel , gyros , & greek salad is excellent .
0	worst ever .
1	i found this place on yelp and it had great reviews .
0	we hit the drive-thru for dessert tonight and i was very disappointed .
1	home of a the honest inexpensive cigar !
0	completely ignored at pv and there selection was poor .
1	first experience ordering from this location and was fairly satisfied !
0	worst customer service ever .
1	the breakfast was great too for room service .
0	do n't let the pretty office design fool you .
1	good food and very friendly staff .
0	btw , what is it with chinese places and duck sauce ?
1	this store has a wide selection of stylish yet comfortable shoes .
0	i advise everyone to stay away from this hotel .
1	this place is great !
0	no flavor just a plain tasting white fish .
1	please .
0	my garage door opener died a few weeks ago .
1	hands-down the best happy hour in the city .
0	i purchased my furniture a month ago and still have not received it .
1	i recommend you giving the healing touch a try .
0	very sad .
1	french dip was tender and on a great bun .
0	the management there was less than interested in fixing any problems we had .
1	fast cars .
0	came here very late one night after long hours at work .
1	i love the staff , and the doctor is very knowledgeable .
0	noisy snow tires in the summer !
1	the pho here is great !
0	i would have given another star if the customer service was better .
1	i have always loved their bagels .
0	the room was dirty , and in much need of some tlc .
1	one of my favorite places , delicious food that never disappoints .
0	needless to say i walked out and took my business elsewhere .
1	the flavor of it was amazing though .
0	no distinct flavor .
1	i 'm sorry we waited , the food in the shop is even better !
0	the pot stickers tasted ok , but the wrapping was falling apart .
1	funny how some people are impossible to please .
0	if your worried about christian values then teach them at home .
1	i hope their family-owned business does well !
0	i am not kidding or exaggerating .
1	greatest clinic i have found .
0	it is a waste of time and money .
1	this was the best breakfast i have ever had .
0	the chai tea was lukewarm but tasted okay .
1	i give him my highest recommendation to someone looking for veterinary care !
0	when i walked in , i was surprised by how crowded it was .
1	still my favorite breakfast place !
0	of course , they can not get me in for _num_ days .
1	i would definitely recommend this steakhouse to anyone !
0	when we walked in there was no greeting .
1	laura and anthony were experts on the menu , ingredients , and tequila !
0	we are having our 1st baby .
1	i recommend .
0	overall , i 'm convinced banfield and their animal plans are a scam .
1	you get a great pedicure and a ton of laughs .
0	big big big mistake .
1	delicious food and great service !
0	only gave it a star because i had to .
1	she was super nice and everything got to us quickly .
0	well i guess i sucked up rocks , and that was it .
1	each order offers _num_ think slice of fish , wow , great deal .
0	i do n't understand how they are still in business .
1	it is clean and the service was fine .
0	the restaurant has no ambience .
1	the wings are absolutely incredible .
0	i 'm not korean , but i 've had my fair share in seattle .
1	ok , now i have seen everything !
0	he commented that we could have made much better tacos at home .
1	this one is a great neighborhood bar .
0	out of all the hood famous chicken spots this is the worst one .
1	amazing !
0	wo n't waste my time again .
1	the place fills up so you have to go early on tuesday .
0	we went here for a big family dinner and i was very disappointed .
1	the food at grape street is incredible .
0	our group of _num_ waited for food and never received some of our food .
1	it gets crowded on the weekends and the building is actually pretty nice .
0	he said where 's ur ticket i need a ticket not a confirmation # .
1	pretty good out of town family always seems to like coming here .
0	the arcade stole $ _num_ of our kids money .
1	somehow after a few beers , golfing became a fun sport .
0	it was frustrating .
1	we definitely keep coming back !
0	it 's simply not kept up anymore .
1	you must try this hidden gem !
0	the service was efficient - no complaints .
1	love the service and quality here .
0	we also referred a friend and were never given our $ _num_ referral bonus .
1	i was here for a work event and was impressed .
0	i was pretty disappointed this time around .
1	the staff is nice and the wait is n't too bad .
0	i am beyond upset and no i do n't want any more services !
1	she did an outside wedding , it was very nice and cozy .
0	if i could put no stars i would .
