0	it was really frustrating .
1	it 's like a tiny whole foods , only better .
2	if i could give a zero , i would .
0	very helpful and answered all my questions .
1	i do n't know why it 's so packed .
2	so i will be back !
0	anyhow , my lunch portion of chicken and cashew nuts was laughable .
1	the aquarium is just depressing .
2	would recommend this place to everyone !
0	sat down greeted by the bartender .
1	overall i love the place and keep going back .
2	i could n't believe my ears .
0	but unfortunately they had already sold out of the special .
1	the office staff is great too !
2	i will definitely be back .
0	the worst part : the restaurant was so slow !
1	they always advise you of new rolls or specials they have for the evening .
2	id try cuban food again , but i would not go back here .
0	the service was very good .
1	the price is very reasonable .
2	`` we can help `` .
0	my girls loved it and the staff was awesome to work with .
1	the selection is _num_ stars imho , but the customer service gets _num_ stars .
2	edible but not something i would order again .
0	disappointed .
1	this place is the perfect getaway spot to eat your feelings with your lover .
2	they can always do most specials any day .
0	everything on the plate was great !
1	this place is incredible .
2	i will be back very soon !
0	went back to get it and they still messed it up .
1	carne asada is flavorful .
2	i will definitely be back for more .
0	the mongolian beef was very mediocre .
1	wonderful meal and i am now a regular !
2	that a manager might not even show up today .
0	and the staff was especially friendly and helpful .
1	professional stylists that do a great job !
2	i would recommend this place .
0	service was terrible .
1	the food is excellent and the bread is the best in urbana .
2	no , she would n't of .
0	louis was great .
1	is place has to offer .
2	i order flowers quite often , and i would avoid this place again .
0	i called monday and left a message .
1	how the hell do you stay in business ?
2	it would n't be too much to ask for someone to make change .
0	he received a $ _num_ tip all together .
1	this place is just wonderful .
2	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
0	there was one bbq sauce , a sticky red sauce , and hot sauce .
1	the guys that work there are really nice and honest with what you need .
2	you 'll get your picture on the wall !
0	got a great cut with daniel .
1	you three are amazing !
2	no napkin dispenser out where customers can get to them .
0	the food was delicious !
1	you have my recommendation !
2	we 'll continue to see movies here .
0	the service was slow and rude .
1	i enjoy this restaurant for wings , beer and a game .
2	definitely will return !
0	first trip here was much better .
1	service is fast and friendly .
2	then you can avoid these types of problems .
0	me and a few guys sat at the bar .
1	tons of fun and great waitresses once you get in !
2	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
0	came in to relax on the patio and enjoy a really nice day .
1	he does not !
2	seriously some of the best tacos you will find in vegas .
0	it looked a mess .
1	i also recommend the pizza and all the pastas .
2	ca n't tell the difference between the box and the pizza .
0	it was a very good experience .
1	amazing food & exquisite service .
2	i will certainly be back for happy hour !
0	well done !
1	i recommend the beef and broccoli and vegetable rolls .
2	would recommend to anyone !
0	been here many times through the years .
1	fries are hot , crisp and plenty of them .
2	for this specific repair , parts and labor would be about $ _num_ .
0	it was very affordable and enjoyable .
1	first off it is a frozen tasteless pre-made patty .
2	i would definitely recommend it !
0	they changed their bread and the banh mi sandwiches totally suck ass now .
1	the staff is great too !
2	go once and you 'll be back again and again and again .
0	i loved this place .
1	the servers actually care whether you 're happy and do a good job .
2	he will look into it !
0	i requested a certain type of car and they were able to deliver .
1	they are large sandwiches and great for sharing .
2	if i could give negative stars i certainly would for this place .
0	pleasantly surprised to have actual orange bits in the orange chicken .
1	the place is gross !
2	i will drive over twice the distance to shop at another grocery .
0	we moved here a month ago and stumbled on this place .
1	great and i mean great bruschetta .
2	overall would never visit that location again and would n't advise you to either .
0	met a couple at egg works ( another great restaurant for breakfast ) .
1	the calzones are amazing .
2	try to get in the door before _num_ ; 11:30 if you can .
0	no bathroom either and overpriced crap .
1	everyone who works there is very friendly and professional .
2	i 'll have to come back and try dinner !
0	the food came finally and it was all crap we didnt even order !
1	drivers have a great attitude .
2	i might try the butcher though as an alternative ... .
0	it was decorated just as we wanted it to be !
1	great place if you need artist quality art products .
2	will be back !
0	the hertz staff was courteous and efficient -- thank you !
1	this is the real deal !
2	will not go back .
0	i was pretty disappointed by this experience .
1	still do n't get it .
2	i would highly recommend him !
0	curt was simply a wonderful server and the food was fantastic .
1	sometimes a restaurant has a bad night .
2	if i could give this company a zero , i would .
0	both the house dressing and balsamic dressing were awful .
1	the atmosphere and food are great !
2	will be back as fast as possible !
0	the wings were also cold .
1	first off , the atmosphere is so cute !
2	i will return when in town again to try more selections from the menu .
0	it was fine but not worth $ _num_ .
1	they also have a great variety of food and the carts are always coming !
2	after a lengthy conversation , he would only refund $ _num_ .
0	fried oyster appetizer was fresh and lightly breaded .
1	the ladies here are amazing and super nice .
2	you will be very satisfied !
0	our server was curt and mostly ignored us .
1	all of the food is medium spicy .
2	i could n't possibly ever go back here simply because of that .
0	ron was so welcoming , knowledgeable , approachable , and very sincere !
1	this place is awesome .
2	we will not be back .
0	_num_ years ago it used to be cool .
1	old , bad , whatever you wan na call it .
2	i 'll definitely be back !
0	even the side items were good .
1	i love it .
2	all in all a solid place that will not disappoint .
0	great food , made to order with many choices .
1	also love their italian sodas - hurricane is my fave .
2	if i could , i would give zero stars .
0	there was no apology .
1	i just do n't even know how i feel .
2	i can make a better potato at the feast buffet !
0	the coach was very friendly , knowledgeable , and a good spot .
1	this place has great salsa and chips and all free !
2	i will never go back to this dealership again for another car .
0	my parents recently moved to the surprise area and discovered this spot .
1	these apartments are horrible .
2	kept clean and they would clean between the orders .
0	nice hotel located right by the university .
1	but bad is bad .
2	we would definitely recommend them to others .
0	went here as a new patient and got great service overall .
1	this place is disgusting !
2	will definitely return .
0	i used to love olive garden but its become so blah .
1	the service is really good .
2	i would definitely recommend phoenix city grille .
0	the string bean and chicken was great too !
1	i enjoy visiting this park .
2	will not be back .
0	then i called from st louis where we landed .
1	prices are great and the people are professional .
2	just ask and someone there will help you .
0	he did not even check me after the surgery .
1	the rice has too much water .
2	i will continue to use bell on my trips to vegas !
0	if he did come by it was once every _num_ minutes .
1	i get gristle in my steak bowls and inedible pieces of chicken .
2	you should n't have '' no , seriously .
0	breakfast at cafe was quite good .
1	this is one of many bland buffets in the valley .
2	you can definitely order that appetizer as an entree .
0	i did n't care .
1	every time we pass by this place i suggest we stop .
2	but a salsa bar ca n't save this place .
0	it was 6:00 p.m. on a wednesday .
1	the staff is very friendly .
2	would definitely recommend the stuffed shells .
0	the staff was polite and efficient !
1	it also offers free wi-fi .
2	we will definitely come here again .
0	the food was excellent and the service was really good .
1	everyone is extremely friendly .
2	will be back !
0	all tables around us were just as unsatisfied .
1	why serve a baked potato with vegetable oil spread instead of real butter ?
2	we will definitely be back for my pizza cravings after church !
0	to this day , they still got it !
1	express has good collection but their staff at chandler mall location is horrible .
2	i would defiantly choose another restaurant !
0	this visit was n't any different .
1	honestly , this is the best pho restaurant in vegas !
2	however , i would purchase a pumpkin pie to go for thanksgiving .
0	i jumped on yelp , and found saigon pho .
1	it is a new favorite for sure .
2	very very very good will come back try something different !
0	the only thing i touched was the crab puff .
1	parking is frustrating .
2	they should remove `` professional '' from their title for starters .
0	everything tasted fresh and the prices were very reasonable .
1	this is my local spot ... .
2	i would never return , obviously .
0	damn ... sorry we walked it at the wrong time for you !
1	this place rocks .
2	sure this will not matter .
0	the hummus was okay , and our main plate seemed to be microwaved .
1	my _num_ year old daughter loves coming here !
2	i would give this place negative stars if i could .
0	it was so different but so so delicious !
1	their selection of fresh fruits , vegetables , etc ... is fantastic .
2	- parking will cost you .
0	it was good .
1	thank you for making our wedding the best day ever !
2	i would definitely return again for special occasions .
0	pretty different mix of people on any given night .
1	if you do n't want beef , the pork is amazing .
2	i wo n't be back .
0	this was horrible .
1	the karaoke bar is cute .
2	i would n't go back and neither should you !
0	i had a chicken parm sandwich and loved it .
1	nobody greets you when you walk in .
2	i would gladly give less than one star , alas , not possible !
0	ashley , the manager at this pizza hut , lied to me .
1	the waitstaff seems to run this place now and they are extremely rude !
2	of i could give zero stars i would !
0	i also noticed dirt marks left behind by the workers in my back seat .
1	thank you jodi and dr. schwartz .
2	i wo n't be back .
0	he walked away no apology no `` thank you for your business . ''
1	friendly , caring , and always a pleasure to deal with .
2	will not be back !
0	to my surprise , i was denied this again .
1	almond chip is also a great choice .
2	we will definitely be back !
0	especially kayla in grooming !
1	we love this place .
2	we will continue to come to this location !
0	rushed and hardly took any time to do a good job .
1	this place is terrible .
2	make your own decision , but i would stay away .
0	the food was also very good .
1	this is the closest pizza hut to where i live .
2	great cold subs , but i will take penn station over this any day !
0	placed our drink order and took our time with the food menu .
1	and i 'm not even a difficult client .
2	i will definitely bring my kitty back for all of his care here .
0	the doc was extremely nice .
1	as good as it gets .
2	keep up the great work guys , we will continue to come back !
0	the carne asada was good but the service and disrespect was horrible .
1	the whole atmosphere is really cool as well .
2	needless to say , i could n't eat more than a couple bites .
0	i was very pleased with the service .
1	customer service is a a+ for me .
2	i would recommend to anyone with a german car !
0	finally over charge was corrected .
1	the drive thru is much worse , fyi .
2	best bakery in charlotte - would n't go anywhere else !
0	she was also so rude to other customers .
1	this is the best french bakery / bistro in the valley .
2	i will not be back to this clinic again .
0	sorry to say but my experience was n't the greatest .
1	i always love coming into this store .
2	they ca n't even scan & email .
0	everyone from car sales person to the gm was a pleasure to deal with .
1	this is my neighborhood chinese restaurant and a family staple .
2	fun place to hang out with friends , i 'll be back sometime .
0	staff was great !
1	if you really want to try this place come for half off burgers .
2	needless to say , we will never return !
0	i found the service , food , and environment very fun and enjoyable .
1	i definitely recommend this store .
2	i would definitely suggest it a fun eating experience with friends or family .
0	but , it was a stupid one .
1	sorry allison b , ai n't no butter here .
2	wish i could give this company zero stars !
0	the food was omg amazing , the service great , overall restaurant perfect .
1	these guys are `` as good as it gets . ''
2	small dogs may be different .
0	i asked him twice to please stop .
1	green chili cheeses crisp , bean burrito enchilada style so good !
2	no one at target can help u either .
0	it was so good !
1	water refills _num_ minutes plus .
2	i 'll continue to make a guest appearance here from time to time .
0	needless to say , my appetite was done for .
1	the staff is always friendly and the place is spotless .
2	i will never waste time or money again in this place .
0	the first stop was at the hoover dam .
1	i highly recommend him .
2	i would recommend it to anyone .
0	i opted to upgrade my tour to include the pink jeep private tour .
1	i feel _num_ % confident in his skills and knowledge of medicine .
2	i definitely would recommend this place as the place to go for eyecare .
0	also ordered a hamburger with no cheese and only ketchup .
1	have fun and let me know what you think !
2	i will be back !
0	the atmosphere was great .
1	this place is pretty cool !
2	one of the best places you can come to !
0	highly recommended .
1	always have good vibes .
2	they will not tell you this in advance of your appointment .
0	the employees there were unfriendly and unprofessional .
1	the food here is amazing .
2	it would not work with my _num_ week old debit card !
0	unfortunately , the service at this specific location was poor at best .
1	this place sucks .
2	i wo n't be back .
0	it was terrible .
1	something special about people who , love what they do and do it well .
2	i will never use another pure fitness gym again .
0	we were so happy with the experience !
1	standing outside in the heat waiting for a bus .
2	i would not shop here again .
0	the service and food was wonderful with one exception .
1	the dining area is very comfortable as well .
2	not $ _num_ not $ _num_ , $ _num_ exactly !
0	i enjoyed the exercise room on second floor which offered a view .
1	lori works the front desk and is always so pleasant .
2	will bring the truck in next .
0	the family and i went to the good egg today for brunch .
1	definitely going to be stopping in again .
2	happy hour at on the border can not be beat !
0	food was fantastic as usual .
1	it 's as simple as that .
2	great establishment but horrible waitress we will not be back .
0	customer service was very nice .
1	i am so disappointed .
2	next time i may have to check into somebody else .
0	ive always been a big fan of don jose as a kid .
1	if there are better places in glendale , please tell me .
2	i 'll definitely be back .
0	we brought our kids and were happy we did .
1	well , this is the opposite .
2	with this management they will not be around for long .
0	the cake was good !
1	the restaurant itself is really cute too .
2	sooo good it could be dessert .
0	service was extremely disappointing .
1	the staff is amazing !
2	i would recommend this to my friends .
0	_num_ months later , we finally decided to try it .
1	the pools are clean and there are gas grills for community use .
2	i could never go back .
0	the cheese blend was flavorful and complemented the sauce nicely .
1	how rude is that ?
2	i definitely will !
0	my mom , stepped in between us to stop .
1	they also offer a variety of `` penny '' candies and fudge .
2	with all the other choices out there - we probably wo n't be back .
0	the dr. did not even check the work .
1	the bartenders are phenomenal as is the food .
2	room # _num_ : could n't use the air conditioner .
0	i just love what i bought there too !
1	the vegetables are always fresh and crispy .
2	butter me up , and i 'll give you four stars .
0	things were forgotten .
1	washers and dryers in the complex sometimes work , usually do not .
2	i would give zero stars if i could .
0	this location was well stocked , happy we got out smart tv here !
1	very disappointing as expectations are always high when eating here .
2	i will return asap .
0	the basil chicken was not much better .
1	if you 're just looking to gamble for fun , do n't come here .
2	would not recommend .
0	it was a refreshing experience .
1	the service is also good .
2	i certainly would recommend them to my friends and family .
0	so , she placed another order and sat down to wait .
1	unless you do n't mind paying a fortune .
2	will use them again definitely .
0	i went a mile down the road to an urgent care .
1	i think ray 's offers the best pizza in n scottsdale .
2	they should just say its a flat rate charge .
0	it had too much cheese and hardly any sauce and it was burnt .
1	the waitresses are always nice and the food is good .
2	i will definitely go back to this place !
0	my husband and i came here for lunch on a thursday .
1	it 's a beautiful building with plenty of space and friendly staff .
2	no would you like a desert ?
0	wow incredible service ... we never had a empty glass .
1	the fish is fresh and the onion rings are thick and delicious .
2	would n't recommend .
0	portions were decent but lacked taste .
1	she really enjoys spending the day with her new friends .
2	i 'll definitely be back .
0	the food was great , the beer was fresh and awesome .
1	also white cheese sauce with chorizo is very good .
2	i wish starbucks would pay attention to yelp .
0	i took a chance and for $ _num_ i was terribly disappointed .
1	ken is the man !
2	i will travel to hickory furniture outlets to get better quality furniture next time !
0	the pedi chairs were torn from top to bottom .
1	pad thai here is the best .
2	i would definitely recommend her !
0	we loved this japanese , italian fusion place !
1	they are very generous with their egg servings !
2	would not recommend .
0	found this gem on yelp and the food network .
1	always good food and the lunch specials are cheap .
2	i will continue to take my animals here .
0	nothing excited me here .
1	this place is like the ultimate guilty pleasure .
2	great experience , i 'll be back .
0	my one year old daughter loved it !
1	the staff are friendly and helpful .
2	a definite must !
0	my _num_ year old son compared the cinnamon roll to the one at school .
1	all the kid ( workers ) are playing around behind the counter .
2	i could n't eat them .
0	only one server and he was overwhelmed .
1	they have such poor service .
2	wo n't even order it again .
0	a friend recommended dr. j .
1	everyone is nice and the service is great .
2	i would never recommend them .
0	it came with gnocchi and assorted vegetables .
1	also , i recommend choosing the corn bread with your dishes .
2	_num_ ) why ca n't the doctor call me ?
0	the server refused to serve me because the barista had my card .
1	spectacular sicilian food from something that looks like a pizza joint from the outside .
2	i would definitely recommend this place .
0	i canceled my order and wish there were another quality option .
1	this place has some fantastic looking outdoor furniture .
2	would recommend !
0	for the most part , this was a disappointment .
1	puts his heart into each piece he fixes .
2	i would stay away from these shady dealers .
0	the texture of the ice cream was creamy , but somehow light as well .
1	they never lift , and look great for a long time .
2	i will be full all day !
0	the service was bad and the food was average .
1	their quality for a bacon egg and cheese biscuit is very low .
2	even the billing department could n't understand it .
0	the food here was delicious !
1	the meat is full of a delicious , juicy , smokey flavor .
2	first time for delivery will atleast once a week !
0	we went on a sat and it was fun and loud .
1	their bagels are the best in phoenix !
2	i 'd recommend it to any golf lovers .
0	-the cheese crisp was ok .
1	just the way i love it .
2	i could n't eat any of it .
0	it was very watery and bland : ( .
1	i rather go to tempe location which is much better .
2	but i 'll take it .
0	i was disappointed to say the least .
1	when calling the office it is usually a minimum wait of _num_ minutes .
2	spot where a lot of friends can enjoy good food .
0	great tacos , service was prompt and friendly .
1	he always makes eye exams comfortable and smooth for me .
2	we will not be back to this location .
0	_num_ our usual party of five showed up for my sons birthday .
1	a very few are n't , but that 's not the majority at all .
2	would n't recommend this bar any more .
0	apparently he thought it unnecessary .
1	parking in the area is plentiful & pretty reasonable on game days .
2	will be back !
0	updated decor and super friendly people !
1	this place does n't disappoint .
2	never would i suggest there services .
0	everything was very delicious and well prepared .
1	the food is amazing .
2	we will never return to this establishment for a meal again .
0	ordered an italian beef they put the beef into the microwave for _num_ minutes ?
1	this place is a hidden gem in the strip district .
2	i will never go to this restaurant again .
0	it almost knocked me out .
1	the staff is rude to top it all off .
2	however after today i probably would not go out of my way .
0	even after i complained no one apologized or fixed my order .
1	they all treat you like family .
2	too bad i ca n't give no stars .
0	we got the cesar salad , scampi , prime rib , and filet mignon .
1	it 's a shame .
2	you 'll love it .
0	i was so happy !
1	they agree after they eat here !
2	give it a try - you will be back !
0	service was top notch !
1	the staff is always friendly , and they always get the order right .
2	a fair amount that we could ride together as a family .
0	i was pleased with the service overall .
1	their menudo is also delicious .
2	( maybe the mozzarella sticks will be great ) cold .
0	and how did it end up _num_ $ ?
1	it does not work again .
2	i will never come here again nor would i recommend this place to anyone .
0	i had a fresh house salad and delicious turkey club .
1	this place is really big .
2	i will definitely be back .
0	i had two cats that developed kidney problems , and they were absolutely amazing .
1	the pizza is great.
2	i ca n't think of anything i 'd want improved !
0	did not see anything i was interested in .
1	new managers and j truly believe that 's the difference .
2	you can ride your bike !
0	recommended for the hungry .
1	to me this is the best cake bakery in the valley .
2	i will be back !
0	food was just ok , not great .
1	this place is a hit or miss kind of place for me .
2	i would n't recommend this restaurant at this time .
0	she looked right at me and said `` no , i did n't . ''
1	they need to find new wait staff who are attentive and friendly !
2	i would totally recommend them to everyone !
0	i got a fresh acrylic set with a hand painted french tip .
1	the boba green tea is one of my favorites .
2	i would eat here again , but not anytime soon .
0	i was not even told that this even existed .
1	the food is ok , the service is not .
2	you can still get _num_ stars .
0	she was fast , courteous , informative and fun .
1	the chicken is pretty good but it is fairly greasy ... .
2	a nice little spot where you can get a really good bagel .
0	made sure my nails were exactly what i wanted !
1	let me first tell you that i 'm not really a sushi guy .
2	flemings must have the best service in this town !
0	i was totally full after one roll .
1	i always receive compliments on my nails ... .
2	i would definitely recommend to anyone with a broken phone .
0	my boyfriend was very hungry .
1	wonton soup is the best .
2	i would never try to deal with this company again .
0	i loved it !
1	babbo is my absolute favorite neighborhood place to eat !
2	any other regular lube place can do it in _num_ minutes without an appointment .
0	however , i recently had a bad experience with this vet .
1	the zoo puts on a phenomenal experience for this event .
2	i would rather drive further for better customer service .
0	person who took my name down was also rude as ever !
1	service is good and quick , food is always hot and satisfying .
2	hopefully your experience wo n't be like mine .
0	went here on a whim for after dinner treats last night .
1	they are dog friendly ( ) .
2	too bad that they ca n't have a better look for this school .
0	i booked a full spa day -- _num_ services and was highly disappointed .
1	i personally believe this is the best pizza and also wings in fountain hills .
2	i will continue to go back for years to come !
0	it was just as good as i remembered .
1	i love this place .
2	in an effort not to sound completely inappropriate i 'll say this .
0	our ramen came within minutes , and it was good .
1	the owner is really nice , too .
2	i wo n't be back .
0	finally got a table , the food was horrible and then the bill came .
1	service is attentive and friendly .
2	i would recommend this place and absolutely go back !
0	i also love the atmosphere .
1	i love this place !
2	yellow cab should be out of business .
0	hated it .
1	it 's always friendly and i feel like they are eager to please .
2	we will not be back .
0	they brought out the wrong salad twice !
1	this is a great place to try something new !
2	i will continue to shop here .
0	food was delicious .
1	the service is friendly and always seems happy to have my business .
2	would definitely recommend this place to others .
0	i just wanted a beer and the service was horrible .
1	every little bit helps our gilbert community .
2	ca n't wait to move out in a few months !
0	was the excuse .
1	great food , i love the roast beef sandwich .
2	i ca n't stand this rude service anymore .
0	everyone i talked to was very nice .
1	it has a great juke box - great atmosphere .
2	i 'd recommend this bar to most of my friends .
0	we had _num_ cheeseburgers with everything on them except bacon .
1	this is a nice location with plenty of seating .
2	they will rip you off !
0	it made me so happy and i got to my destination on time !
1	everytime i come to this particular subway i remember why i avoid this one .
2	i could n't wait to get the hell out of this place !
0	they offered me to report a claim and pay me back .
1	it is only for people sitting at the bar .
2	will come back soon !
0	( i got one to go for free as well . )
1	they refuse to put anything on paper .
2	tough luck we wo n't be back .
0	i took them to puff & fluff , they did an amazing job !
1	the place is basic but the food is good !
2	this would be a great , great date night spot .
0	she blamed me because i was late .
1	beautiful and relaxing salon !
2	i would definitely not recommend this doctor to anyone .
