0	when washing ,  or adjusting the hinges bop out . 
1	this is a precision instrument . just be a little careful on your first use of it . 
0	it doesn t matter how much or how little i used ,  always makes my hair greasy and gross . 
1	no dirty water or mop to deal with . 
0	she pushes the buttons and dances to the different songs . 
1	great product and an excellent buy for the money !  . 
0	it does have the moveable outer ring for timing dives . 
1	this charger is a great value ,  and works even better than my oem chargers . 
0	the assembly can be disassembled for cleaning . the plastic bottle is comparable to a nalgene bottle in strength . 
1	we used to have an ancient air popper and when it finally died ,  we replaced it with this one . 
0	since this is a telephone toy ,  most babies will eventually put it to their ear to imitate adults . 
1	i expect i won t be replacing anything anytime soon unless  until ?   i lose a piece . 
0	this time i am not happy with the purchase . 
1	the family went camping this weekend and we were out in the middle of no where in a tent . 
0	it s a much better card game to carry around on your travels . 
1	they also scratched easily and i had to spray paint them every six months to keep them usable . 
0	this keyboard is a classic example of microsoft fixing what ain t broke and coming up with a white elephant . 
1	it does a great job of protecting the phone . 
0	a much better gluten free biscuit mix is the num_num num_num num_num southern glory brand . 
1	she loved it !  says she has used it several times and all is well . 
0	it looks exactly like the one in the picture . 
1	i figured for the price ,  why not try them and let me tell you .  .  . i am glad i did . 
0	any updating should have been done if and when i opened the program !  !  . 
1	sadly ,  i dropped a few ,  but i still have most of them left . 
0	it also is a deep green color and the green color gets on everything it touches . 
1	my old krups was starting to fall apart so it was time to search for another coffee maker . 
0	not worth the money since little ones have difficulties doing it themselves  or maybe it s just my son  . 
1	it s simple and easy and the right tool for the job . 
0	anyway ,  we tried various methods of discharging the static electricity prior to pulling out the collector ,  but nothing worked . 
1	i bought my first hunter num_num num_extend fan about num_num years ago . 
0	the aftertaste will take a lot of getting used to if you decide to try this product . 
1	this item s good for direct charge to phone .  .  !  but . 
0	it is also hard to take the case off of the phone . 
1	it ll be around forever ,  and i m glad it will . 
0	i was sorry to have to do this as i do love zoji appliances . 
1	we certainly won t . some reviewers commented that the plastic gears break . 
0	i like the fact that it doesn t emit dust but can t stand the smell . 
1	i plan to utilize it as often as possible and will post updates . 
0	i m actually writing this review on behalf of my father . 
1	it took me about an hour and a half ,  simply because i had to use some my own tools . 
0	this camera is a nice idea however it isn t worth a dime . 
1	i purchased otter case for my num_extend which was designed for num_extend
0	these pills are fine if you re a horse . 
1	when it eventually dies ,  i will buy another exactly like it !  the grind quality is excellent . 
0	the apple slicer worked much better ,  lasting num_num apples before breaking ,  instead of num_num potato . 
1	oven temperatures vary ,  so an oven thermometer might be a good idea . 
0	you will die alot and you will probably be confused often . 
1	the metal loses it s sheen ,  but still looks decent . 
0	on the bright side ,  it also did not cause any bad side effects . 
1	if i slept on the right side of the bed it would be better . 
0	you drive around the city find some insanely cool car then make it even more awesome . 
1	i love this knife !  now i want all my knives to be this sharp . 
0	play it on one of the other systems . 
1	it s easy to clean ,  quiet ,  the timer function was very easy to get used to . 
0	first thing i disliked about the product was the horrible smell . 
1	it does a great job picking up hair and cat litter too . 
0	i purchased this unit to go along with my panasonic num_extend hdtv . 
1	it is also very slim and adds only the tiniest amount of extra bulk . 
0	this might be fine for landscape photography ,  but in many applications a very strong elimination of reflections is desired . 
1	i recommend this for anyone in need of a good corer for apples . 
0	it looks more like swimwear than under garment . 
1	at first it looks like not enough oil was added . 
0	i ve been using this product for years because it used to be the best deal available . 
1	when i finish steaks i do need to use a pot holder over it . 
0	i looked at the ingredients and immediately understood why . 
1	the regular le creuset skillets  black coating on the inside  are useless . 
0	if i continue with this hobby i will look for a cheaper alternative . 
1	there are very few products for which i will give a five star recommendation . 
0	another placebo out there telling it doe something hat really is not . 
1	cold or hot ,  the milk froths very well and becomes a light ,  but airy ,  creamy consistency . 
0	to keep the fur from becoming tumble weeds ,  we need to sweep everyday . 
1	i bought this dsi case for my daughters dsi at christmas . 
0	this unit is anything but  carefree  . this series of hunter humidifiers is horrible . 
1	this is my num_extend one that i ordered . 
0	all i see is one small blue line across the entire thing . 
1	they cook evenly ,  are easy to clean and very sanitary . 
0	this product is so unremarkable that i dont recall why i bought it . 
1	the product appearance is good ,  it is easy to assemble and use ,  and the  recipe  function is useful . 
0	you think maybe they would replace the defective lens with a new one . 
1	the book also includes patterns and instructions for various decorations . 
0	you re only gaining headaches and dissappointment with the linksys card . 
1	this is a simple and elegant stand for iphone . 
0	there is no option in tm that allows the use of the square button for braking . 
1	the current version has a shorter cord  i like that  and my husband thinks the blades are better . 
0	i wish i had spent more and got the sedu since it had very good reviews . 
1	do yourself a favor and save on shipping by ordering one of every size right now . 
0	edit !  !  turns out i got a fake !  !  all the pics posted match what went wrong with my case . 
1	didn t seem to effect coffee . find it easier to make coffee and clean than those other drip models . 
0	don t worry about any more orders ,  there will not be any . 
1	it is worth it however as the leftovers come out very very dry . 
0	but for me it was a waist of time and money .  . and it made my hair look really oily . 
1	i bought this when i bought my deep fryer . 
0	do yourself a favor ,  buy the old model that does not have the removeable grills . 
1	i ve had several bluetooth hadsets ,  several brands including other motorola ,  but the num_extend is the best i ve used . 
0	my mother purchased this for my daughter for christmas . 
1	this one is by far the most expensive but so glad that it was worth the money . 
0	i ve had many of them because of this . 
1	but it really does the job and is worth the price . 
0	it s a shame ,  really ,  as i enjoy bob s red mill products a lot !  . 
1	i estimate that this cheesecloth is about a num_num grade . 
0	in my opinion it is worth paying a bit more per cup and getting a much higher quality tea . 
1	although short ,  the output charging cord works as designed . 
0	the shoe has lots of cushion ,  and is flexible and a light shoe . 
1	we also have used it to core cucumbers  and fill with herbed cream cheese  . 
0	it doesn t have the consistency of chapstick ,  but i wouldn t call it a lipstick . 
1	the pizza pan cook the crust evenly and is so sturdy . 
0	they are cute ,  but i recommend that you check each pair upon arrival . 
1	as it is ,  i will be searching through my old plastic stuff for a container that will hold them !  . 
0	i found alot of nuts that must have been bitten by insects as they were not fully shaped nuts . 
1	the headset seems to be the exact same as the ones that came with my torch . 
0	i ve never heard of the company that s selling this . 
1	it seams to be of good quality ,  installation was easy when following instructions online . 
0	the powers have different classes from healing to killing to everything in between . 
1	i use about half than when i make coffee . 
0	i ended up waiting about num_num days to wash my hair again . 
1	memory for four users ,  for help in remembering what the last reading was . 
0	if you look at the image you will see a tan boot cut jean . 
1	most important , it makes coffee and hot tea very fast and very well . 
0	way too much packaging for two small items . save your money . 
1	the only thing that i wish was different is the timer . 
0	it good since i replacement batteries are like $ bucks for two . 
1	i did sign on to the free year of voice assist and it works well . 
0	the player can just easily rush his assailants with an arsenal of weapons . 
1	i need these little things for my jump drive . 
0	my puppy had it chewed in num_num minutes . 
1	if you want truly good waffles don t use box mix . 
0	when i originally used this it just slid along the concrete and the wheel didn t roll on to it . 
1	i show others and my friends have even purchased this case . 
0	i m really disappointed to learn it has oats and barley in it . 
1	the led flashlight was bright and worked well . 
0	i bought a marumi instead and the difference in quality is astounding . 
1	then you let it sit as long as you want . 
0	and as soon as i went to use the kickstand it came off . 
1	might have to get the sausage stuffer portion to try that out as well . 
0	these stairs do not fit together at all . 
1	the rubber stoppers are very simple and are not likely to break . 
0	i would not recommend this product to any one and i will be return this to the store . 
1	this one is stainless steel and has a heavy bottom to prevent sticking . 
0	also ,  the blade is not very sharp out of the box . 
1	it may be made in china ,  but it seems to be holding up . 
0	and it s still junk food . dogfood adviser  google that  gives this food one star based on ingredients . 
1	so if you re using it for work make sure you leave time to prep and heat . 
0	i bought it from a store and at that time it was around $
1	i like to make coffee and pour a little creamer in it and then use this to mix it . 
0	my dog got very frustrated so i have stopped using it . 
1	i ve seen my roomba do this a couple of times  when it doesn t get hung up on fringe  . 
0	i have num_num other chargers that i don t have to wiggle to get to work . 
1	buying a fresh battery from the rim source is important . 
0	i purchased his usual size ,  but they were much too big . 
1	the design is perfect and it functions well . 
0	also did not include micro usb charger which was included in the description . 
1	it s very easy to use and works flawlessly every time . 
0	if i attempted to charge it when it was turned off ,  it wouldn t turn on for another num_num hours . 
1	all my others are sitting in various drawers ,  wondering why they re not getting used any more .   . 
0	it apparently has some kind of artificial sweetener now . 
1	fits the curve nice and snug out of quality materials . 
0	i can t really comment about how well the thing works ,  because i can t keep it charged . 
1	next to my commercial sized one , only an excaliber is a better product in my opinion . 
0	this lotion did absolutely nothing for my dry skin . 
1	they are flat and don t take up much space in the refrigerator . 
0	considering how expensive mallomars are ,  i will not be buying them again . 
1	however ,  eventually ,  wear and tear ,  consistent use ,  etc ,  ,  ,  did my baby in . 
0	this does not have much ability to do anything . 
1	amazon had the best price by far than any other dealer anywhere . 
0	it s used in deodorant to prevent loss of moisture . 
1	it really is like having an extra pair of hands in the kitchen . 
0	one minute it s adjusted fine and the next it s up your nose or in your mouth . 
1	it wouldn t pair right with either phone ,  dropping the connection repeatedly . 
0	there is very limited choice in weapons ,  and no armor only clothing ,  most of which makes you look stupid . 
1	there s a big plastic screw on the back of the unit to change how firm that adjustment is . 
0	the scent is lovely ,  but for num_extend i expect more . 
1	stainless steel with rubberized handles ,  you would really have to work at it to damage or bend these cups . 
0	i don t see how anybody can even swallow it let alone rave about how good it is . 
1	my daughter was looking for one of these and was so excited to get one online . 
0	i couldn t make it through the first night . 
1	i use enough beans to make a strong coffee and it s great . 
0	unfortunately this lube is no different . here s the problem . 
1	gdocs with notepad :  to create memos and notes that sync with google num_extend
0	just google  barracuda bricked hard drive  or  tick tick tick . 
1	our youngest is really into cooking ,  always wanting to help and learn . 
0	i probably would have liked these better had i not followed the directions on the package . 
1	just a nice ,  smooth hum . it does blow hard . the first one died because i let it get too dusty . 
0	for the price ,  it is only around num_num mega pixels which isnt good . 
1	the quality can t be beat ,  and you can t go wrong with purchasing one of these . 
0	instead of moisturizing it like it claims to do ,  it did the complete opposite . overall ,  this was disappointing . 
1	i ve chosen them for aesthetic and functional reasons and had both low and high end headsets . 
0	i set it up in a flash loved it . 
1	the barrel is cool to the touch and has a super smooth surface . 
0	bought it at target for $ money would ve been better spent on the needed toilet paper instead . 
1	it is worth every penny just for the ease and speed when peeling . 
0	glamazons ,  the only reason i gave this num_num stars is because of the low price tag . 
1	this works great and you need not worry about your non stick cookware . 
0	i have been wanting the bumpits for some time . 
1	the os is just intuitive to me and the icons and graphics have always looked better to me . 
0	i returned it for a full ,  prompt refund from amazon . 
1	great product which keeps the active life of my iphone num_extend for long periods of use . 
0	i ordered a num_extend and it had a very weak magnetic spot about a couple of inches wide . 
1	it is lightweight and so easy to use . 
0	  .  .  .  pros : finaly quit playing before the game ended and went to rent a fun game . 
1	so far ,  this little vacuum cleaner is a wiz at small jobs . 
0	the reality is that it is a small cheap looking item . 
1	i am careful to unplug the phone as soon as its done charging ,  just in case . 
0	i ve only had this filter about num_num months and it is already loose in the frame . 
1	it works great better then ant of the other head sets i have had . 
0	i washed my hair with nexxus shampoo and conditioner as usual . 
1	i just received this last week and have already made an olive oil based rub for chicken in it . 
0	this type which i call  wet application  then another type that i call  dry application  . 
1	haven t had any problems with it at all . 
0	well my num_num yr old black and decker toaster died . 
1	be carefull that eventually will pull the rubber and get it stretched . 
0	each has a num_num year warranty so i phoned deltran and spoke to their  tech  . 
1	havent had to sharpen it ,  owned it for several months . 
0	i actually thought i d been sent the wrong pair initially . 
1	lol i have been using a hand held large zester to do cheese ,  what a pain . 
0	a tree or a telephone pole is just begging for your acquaintance the whole time . 
1	this is an otg  on the go  cable and came in a samsung box . 
0	you can play deathmatch and capture the flag with num_extend
1	in total i ve had four or five different cases for my original iphone and now the num_extend
0	i have to set it on some sort of surface ,  release the handle ,  and then pick it up . 
1	some think cast iron cookware is work to keep up and clean . 
0	true cinnamon is called ceylon cinnamon and may be found online or in health stores . 
1	i have never seen a butter dish anywhere that i like as much as this one . 
0	it s not boring ,  but it s not great either . 
1	the clip appears to be very strong ,  and i have not had any problems with it falling off . 
0	look elsewhere before you drop $ on these boots . 
1	it is easy to use and leaves the shell in full so you can use it for drinks . 
0	the action consists mainly of picking up a lot of items and using them in ridiculous ,  nonintuitive ways . 
1	i just tap it on coun ter and it opens one handed . 
0	i m led to think ea never watched a fight their entire lives considering there are no one punch ko s . 
1	you don t have to pull to turn the knob ,  just turn it . 
0	several were bent at funny angles where the clear part meets the colored part . 
1	i can t believe how long this machine has lasted without breaking . 
0	mk ii and mk iii are a heck of a lot better . 
1	i went to use the steam vac today and i filled the water tank to the fill line . 
0	i know it sucks to put out a few more dollars for something . 
1	i have bought at least num_num of these cases just for the different colors . 
0	she bleeds profusely with every little scratch !  this stuff barely lightened the stain . 
1	but it all depends on how soon you want to drink the finished product . 
0	the bottom of these boots consists of a slick ,  waxy surface with no traction . 
1	knife blocks take up too much counter space and aren t very customizable . 
0	the same problem  though not as severe  happened with final fantasy anthology . 
1	it allows great air circulation and they clean up easily . 
0	this is instant alright but really lacks rich coffee taste or aroma . 
1	this item fits well ,  and like advertised ,  has a solid kickstand . 
0	obviously ,  any small bump into the stand will once again set this off . 
1	it makes ice cream and other frozen treats super fast ,  is easy to clean ,  compact ,  and not too loud . 
0	now i need to go play the first game so i can remember what it was like . 
1	there seems to be alot of play when i adjust the setting . 
0	call tech support wait a half a hour and finally get the thing up and running . 
1	this is on of my new favorite phone cases . 
0	it is too short . i m not ignorant enough to be driven away just by theme . 
1	it s hefty enough to feel substantial ,  yet not so heavy that it s difficult to use and clean . 
0	it looks like a skunk .  .  .  . or a persons hair that has a white birth mark streak running through it . 
1	ok for viewing in bright light but no the best because of glare . 
0	i also should note that it says it has royal jelly and jojoba beads in the product . 
1	i have one of these chargers in each one of my vehicles ,  they work great . 
0	i get cleaner pictures with my old amplified rabbit ear set . 
1	no auto roll cord  not advertised to have one but it would be num_extend
0	there lies the problem ,  if not careful ,  while removing the sight base ,  magnets have fallen off the sight . 
1	i guess just be warned that this thing will probably need some major airing out after purchase . 
0	this jxd rc helicopter would not even lift off . 
1	no more floppy bacon that tastes like rubber . 
0	the set arrived ,  and one of the holders had significant rust on it  see photos  . 
1	wusthof s classic santoku is expensive ,  but a worthwhile investment for your kitchen . 
0	i bought this overpriced ,  simple device based on it being able to match . 
1	this heats evening and certainly does hold a lot of shredded sweet potatoes and chopped onions . 
0	if you are a bg fan ,  don t buy it thinking you will get something like it ,  you won t . 
1	some reviews say their bowl never freezes solid . 
0	the size is okay and it looks fine . 
1	it is not the sort of thing that you toss in a corner cabinet on its side . 
0	i thought it was just the newness of the grill . 
1	first off ,  it s the first gadget in a while that didn t require a chainsaw to open the packaging . 
0	i am not amused ,  but my daughter wanted to keep it anyway . 
1	i use it everyday ,  and it works like brand new . 
0	compared to my silicone case ,  the tpu case offered less protection . 
1	the scoop works very good . the oxo good grips cookie scoop handles chilled or unchilled dough just fine . 
0	very little tastebut a ghastly amount of calories ! got lots of it to get rid of . 
1	this is my num_extend otterbox case for various phones . 
0	you don t get to loot fallen enemies  except for a few weapons  . 
1	so i wiped the entire pot down with a paper towel and olive oil . 
0	it is impossible to rate  vice city  without comparing it to gta num_extend
1	little hard to clean but the savings on ground hamburg is well worth it . 
0	this one has a steam driven espresso that most coffee connoisseurs will advise against . 
1	this case is thin enough that the phone + case still fits in my holster nicely . 
0	flatness is one of the few critical requirements in a cutting board so i would not recommend this one . 
1	also ,  static electricity can be a problem when you open the . 
0	first i made the mistake by ordering dog food ,  i wanted treats . 
1	the numbers are very hard to see in bright sunlight light . 
0	i live in a very small town and do most of my shopping online . 
1	use the weights and the pie crust came out great . 
0	these spendy cards will not all run the game well . 
1	my girlfriends mother gave it to her kids and grand kids long time ago . 
0	i got this a few months ago and was trying to live with it . 
1	bought these after a set of motorola headphones broke in my backpack at airport . 
0	my time is worth more than th $ i get ripped off for . 
1	it is best to use a case with this ,  as the corner can tend to come up otherwise . 
0	i m not ordering anymore  reefs .   i much prefer sanuk or yellow box flip flops over these by far . 
1	the product is num_num times better than zagg . 
0	i don t want to develop cancer from calphalon you know . 
1	it offers num_num angles to choose from  portrait design  . 
0	there is no  click  assuring that the cable is in place . 
1	i pretty much buy bodum for anything coffee . 
0	the two differences between this one i am reviewing and the nylon ones is durability and cost . 
1	years ago we all had these kinds of sink strainers in our kitchen sink . 
0	i meant  used to light up  ,  since it broke . 
1	really a very pretty cake holder to display ur cake and keep ur cake moist . 
0	they wore blisters on my toes and the bottoms of my feet were killing me before i got home . 
1	it keeps the pots and pans you use most often within easy reach . 
0	the reservoir is so small it runs out in num_num num_extend
1	i got this case as part of the  free  case program . 
0	i ve been using cover ,  flanking ,  popouts ,  proning ,  sprinting etc . 
1	although it does work as it is suppose to work . 
0	and there s the problem . i lost every  last image  on my trip to italy . 
1	i take it camping as it works great on gas burners too . 
0	the container is very small and the shapes are all in pieces . 
1	shipper did not deliver by date given by amazon . 
0	the antenna was tunned with a swr meter to about num_extend which is great ,  but noise still present . 
1	i wanted to get on the verizon network ,  and i waited until the droid x released . 
0	not wasting the time to send it back . 
1	a very well made cooker that has good fit and finish . 
0	it does it all :  nat ,  dhcp ,  dns ,  file server ,  print server ,  and domain controller . 
1	then dry it with paper towels or allow it to air dry . 
0	distance is less than num_num feet with static and dropped calls . 
1	better than even a food processor . the handle is shorter than most mashers ,  allowing superior leverage . 
0	purchased these to go on my normal pedals for a little extra power . 
1	which then caused them to fly off his head and break on the pavement . 
0	ordered num_num pair of these earrings ,  to use as gifts . 
1	i steam the milk in the mug for my daughter s hot chocolate ,  sure . 
0	this is unfortunately a bad imitation of the old german classic cakepan . 
1	i do believe preparation of the batter ,  ingredients ,  preparation of the pan ,  etc . 
0	would take off some hair ,  but most of it was left behind . 
1	highly recommend this for canning small batches for a small family or for gifts . 
0	i ve owned otterbox cases in the past and this case ranks as the worst . 
1	once you get the hang of it it s really not a bad toaster . 
0	i found that it worked well with a cell phone ,  but not with a cordless phone . 
1	this is the slicer that should be included when buying the processor ,  but its definitely worth paying the extra . 
0	i like ginger tea as well ,  but this one is strong . 
1	so much faster and safer than a knife . 
0	the vendor refused my request to cancel the order . 
1	i teach elementary students and they always want to touch and play with my phone . 
0	it also is very inaccurate and may lose up to num_num minutes a day . 
1	i only wish they came in other colors . 
0	i got this to help a num_num and num_num year old build eye hand coordination and confidence . 
1	i have owned this pan since november num_extend
0	i bought this for my trip to amsterdam and it did not work . 
1	this works out great for me since i can leave the wallet in the car now . 
0	this game tries to be zelda ,  but it isn t . 
1	the temperature settings are basic but more than enough to select from . 
0	i later learned that other bugs are in the game . 
1	the whole steak was done medium in num_num minutes . 
0	i bought this on another site because i think i had a better price there . 
1	it works great and cleans up pretty easily . 
0	this pony should gallup for what you pay for it . 
1	if you want a replacement or an additional charger for your travelling bag .  .  . get it . 
0	this sat on the porch for maybe an hour . 
1	i actually bought the blackberry chargers for a motorola phone . 
0	no nails ,  thorns etc in the way . one tube lasted a few months the other made it to num_num months . 
1	cleanup was also a breeze . this pan comes with two basic recipes :  chocolate cake donuts and cake donuts . 
0	they cannot do a good job of packing items at this company . 
1	you can be pretty far away from the phone and still talk . i still recommend this bluetooth . 
0	 let alone those that use aspartame ,  which i think is even worse for your health .  so ,  two stars . 
1	i like faberware . i bought this to complete my own set of pots and pans . faberware is a great brand !  . 
0	i read the description incorrectly and it did not fit my phone . 
1	pushing veggies like carrots through this slicer is a bit difficult . 
0	static electricity had  glued  it to the inside of the envelope . 
1	it looked easy to hold and the brush looked firm . 
0	that didn t work with my num_num year old that wanted pink and got one for her birthday . 
1	but the thinness is great if you don t want too much added bulk . 
0	i think to myself this will get better this is probably just like this on the first stage . 
1	i will continue to use these and replace with more as needed . 
0	however ,  the nuts on the trendnet adapter are riveted into the body ,  and are thus not removable . 
1	it seems the knives stay sharper longer  it may be our imagination .   . 
0	my dogs are also having diarrhea this time and they never get diarrhea from tendons . 
1	these suckers are sharp ! this set has a nice variety of sizes and the scissors are awesome . 
0	at first i had fun with storyline ,  making dungeons ,  characters ,  and naming and making enemies ,  items ,  and all that . 
1	satisfied with the shipping and purchase ,  and i would recommend it . 
0	it was quiet and smooth for about num_num months in rainy seattle . 
1	then made sure i wiped any excess that came out after seating . 
0	there should have been a small gap left so that the protector could lay flat and adhere . 
1	for one ,  maybe two people it works great . 
0	i suggest you go up a half size if you purchase these . 
1	i have dropped this one in the otterbox and no problems . 
0	squirrels can jump num_num feet up and num_num feet sideways . 
1	she has had her colorful fiesta dishes for several years ,  and they still look like new . 
0	i think its too strong of a scent and smells more like roses and old ladies than i expected . 
1	that said ,  we have two num_extend it periodically creates a mess on the counter . 
0	do yourself a favor and go with netgear right off the bat . 
1	i could probably read the lengthy instructions if i really wanted to . 
0	walking around shooting people is fun ,  but that s all the game has going for it . 
1	however ,  it s just worth noting ,  for those who have no idea how big num_extend inches is . 
0	unfortunately ,  it doesn t measure accurately ,  so it doesn t fit my needs . 
1	they are slightly too large ,  but they are keepers anyway . 
0	i ve never had miso soup but i highly doubt this is what it s suppose to taste like . 
1	the iphone really needs a super strong case to protect it . 
0	i cannot imagine what it is useful for . 
1	i called hoover per the manual instructions and all pieces were replaced with no question . 
0	they must of had this for a long time ,  the last ones one the shelf . 
1	the attachments are half again the size of the old attachments . 
0	mtx fender does not fit the explorer rack by topeak nor the mtx trunk system . 
1	the instructions were adequate and i found it very easy to install . 
