0	when washing ,  or adjusting the hinges bop out . 
1	this is a precision instrument . just be a little careful on your first use of it . 
0	it doesn t matter how much or how little i used ,  always makes my hair greasy and gross . 
1	no dirty water or mop to deal with . 
0	she pushes the buttons and dances to the different songs . 
1	great product and an excellent buy for the money !  . 
0	it does have the moveable outer ring for timing dives . 
1	this charger is a great value ,  and works even better than my oem chargers . 
0	the assembly can be disassembled for cleaning . the plastic bottle is comparable to a nalgene bottle in strength . 
1	we used to have an ancient air popper and when it finally died ,  we replaced it with this one . 
0	since this is a telephone toy ,  most babies will eventually put it to their ear to imitate adults . 
1	i expect i won t be replacing anything anytime soon unless  until ?   i lose a piece . 
0	this time i am not happy with the purchase . 
1	the family went camping this weekend and we were out in the middle of no where in a tent . 
0	it s a much better card game to carry around on your travels . 
1	they also scratched easily and i had to spray paint them every six months to keep them usable . 
0	this keyboard is a classic example of microsoft fixing what ain t broke and coming up with a white elephant . 
1	it does a great job of protecting the phone . 
0	a much better gluten free biscuit mix is the num_num num_num num_num southern glory brand . 
1	she loved it !  says she has used it several times and all is well . 
0	it looks exactly like the one in the picture . 
1	i figured for the price ,  why not try them and let me tell you .  .  . i am glad i did . 
0	any updating should have been done if and when i opened the program !  !  . 
1	sadly ,  i dropped a few ,  but i still have most of them left . 
0	it also is a deep green color and the green color gets on everything it touches . 
1	my old krups was starting to fall apart so it was time to search for another coffee maker . 
0	not worth the money since little ones have difficulties doing it themselves  or maybe it s just my son  . 
1	it s simple and easy and the right tool for the job . 
0	anyway ,  we tried various methods of discharging the static electricity prior to pulling out the collector ,  but nothing worked . 
1	i bought my first hunter num_num num_extend fan about num_num years ago . 
0	the aftertaste will take a lot of getting used to if you decide to try this product . 
1	this item s good for direct charge to phone .  .  !  but . 
0	it is also hard to take the case off of the phone . 
1	it ll be around forever ,  and i m glad it will . 
0	i was sorry to have to do this as i do love zoji appliances . 
1	we certainly won t . some reviewers commented that the plastic gears break . 
0	i like the fact that it doesn t emit dust but can t stand the smell . 
1	i plan to utilize it as often as possible and will post updates . 
0	i m actually writing this review on behalf of my father . 
1	it took me about an hour and a half ,  simply because i had to use some my own tools . 
0	this camera is a nice idea however it isn t worth a dime . 
1	i purchased otter case for my num_extend which was designed for num_extend
0	these pills are fine if you re a horse . 
1	when it eventually dies ,  i will buy another exactly like it !  the grind quality is excellent . 
0	the apple slicer worked much better ,  lasting num_num apples before breaking ,  instead of num_num potato . 
1	oven temperatures vary ,  so an oven thermometer might be a good idea . 
0	you will die alot and you will probably be confused often . 
1	the metal loses it s sheen ,  but still looks decent . 
0	on the bright side ,  it also did not cause any bad side effects . 
1	if i slept on the right side of the bed it would be better . 
0	you drive around the city find some insanely cool car then make it even more awesome . 
1	i love this knife !  now i want all my knives to be this sharp . 
0	play it on one of the other systems . 
1	it s easy to clean ,  quiet ,  the timer function was very easy to get used to . 
0	first thing i disliked about the product was the horrible smell . 
1	it does a great job picking up hair and cat litter too . 
0	i purchased this unit to go along with my panasonic num_extend hdtv . 
1	it is also very slim and adds only the tiniest amount of extra bulk . 
0	this might be fine for landscape photography ,  but in many applications a very strong elimination of reflections is desired . 
1	i recommend this for anyone in need of a good corer for apples . 
0	it looks more like swimwear than under garment . 
1	at first it looks like not enough oil was added . 
0	i ve been using this product for years because it used to be the best deal available . 
1	when i finish steaks i do need to use a pot holder over it . 
0	i looked at the ingredients and immediately understood why . 
1	the regular le creuset skillets  black coating on the inside  are useless . 
0	if i continue with this hobby i will look for a cheaper alternative . 
1	there are very few products for which i will give a five star recommendation . 
0	another placebo out there telling it doe something hat really is not . 
1	cold or hot ,  the milk froths very well and becomes a light ,  but airy ,  creamy consistency . 
0	to keep the fur from becoming tumble weeds ,  we need to sweep everyday . 
1	i bought this dsi case for my daughters dsi at christmas . 
0	this unit is anything but  carefree  . this series of hunter humidifiers is horrible . 
1	this is my num_extend one that i ordered . 
0	all i see is one small blue line across the entire thing . 
1	they cook evenly ,  are easy to clean and very sanitary . 
0	this product is so unremarkable that i dont recall why i bought it . 
1	the product appearance is good ,  it is easy to assemble and use ,  and the  recipe  function is useful . 
0	you think maybe they would replace the defective lens with a new one . 
1	the book also includes patterns and instructions for various decorations . 
0	you re only gaining headaches and dissappointment with the linksys card . 
1	this is a simple and elegant stand for iphone . 
0	there is no option in tm that allows the use of the square button for braking . 
1	the current version has a shorter cord  i like that  and my husband thinks the blades are better . 
0	i wish i had spent more and got the sedu since it had very good reviews . 
1	do yourself a favor and save on shipping by ordering one of every size right now . 
0	edit !  !  turns out i got a fake !  !  all the pics posted match what went wrong with my case . 
1	didn t seem to effect coffee . find it easier to make coffee and clean than those other drip models . 
0	don t worry about any more orders ,  there will not be any . 
1	it is worth it however as the leftovers come out very very dry . 
0	but for me it was a waist of time and money .  . and it made my hair look really oily . 
1	i bought this when i bought my deep fryer . 
0	do yourself a favor ,  buy the old model that does not have the removeable grills . 
1	i ve had several bluetooth hadsets ,  several brands including other motorola ,  but the num_extend is the best i ve used . 
0	my mother purchased this for my daughter for christmas . 
1	this one is by far the most expensive but so glad that it was worth the money . 
0	i ve had many of them because of this . 
1	but it really does the job and is worth the price . 
0	it s a shame ,  really ,  as i enjoy bob s red mill products a lot !  . 
1	i estimate that this cheesecloth is about a num_num grade . 
0	in my opinion it is worth paying a bit more per cup and getting a much higher quality tea . 
1	although short ,  the output charging cord works as designed . 
0	the shoe has lots of cushion ,  and is flexible and a light shoe . 
1	we also have used it to core cucumbers  and fill with herbed cream cheese  . 
0	it doesn t have the consistency of chapstick ,  but i wouldn t call it a lipstick . 
1	the pizza pan cook the crust evenly and is so sturdy . 
0	they are cute ,  but i recommend that you check each pair upon arrival . 
1	as it is ,  i will be searching through my old plastic stuff for a container that will hold them !  . 
0	i found alot of nuts that must have been bitten by insects as they were not fully shaped nuts . 
1	the headset seems to be the exact same as the ones that came with my torch . 
0	i ve never heard of the company that s selling this . 
1	it seams to be of good quality ,  installation was easy when following instructions online . 
0	the powers have different classes from healing to killing to everything in between . 
1	i use about half than when i make coffee . 
0	i ended up waiting about num_num days to wash my hair again . 
1	memory for four users ,  for help in remembering what the last reading was . 
0	if you look at the image you will see a tan boot cut jean . 
1	most important , it makes coffee and hot tea very fast and very well . 
0	way too much packaging for two small items . save your money . 
1	the only thing that i wish was different is the timer . 
0	it good since i replacement batteries are like $ bucks for two . 
1	i did sign on to the free year of voice assist and it works well . 
0	the player can just easily rush his assailants with an arsenal of weapons . 
1	i need these little things for my jump drive . 
0	my puppy had it chewed in num_num minutes . 
1	if you want truly good waffles don t use box mix . 
0	when i originally used this it just slid along the concrete and the wheel didn t roll on to it . 
1	i show others and my friends have even purchased this case . 
0	i m really disappointed to learn it has oats and barley in it . 
1	the led flashlight was bright and worked well . 
0	i bought a marumi instead and the difference in quality is astounding . 
1	then you let it sit as long as you want . 
0	and as soon as i went to use the kickstand it came off . 
1	might have to get the sausage stuffer portion to try that out as well . 
0	these stairs do not fit together at all . 
1	the rubber stoppers are very simple and are not likely to break . 
0	i would not recommend this product to any one and i will be return this to the store . 
1	this one is stainless steel and has a heavy bottom to prevent sticking . 
0	also ,  the blade is not very sharp out of the box . 
1	it may be made in china ,  but it seems to be holding up . 
0	and it s still junk food . dogfood adviser  google that  gives this food one star based on ingredients . 
1	so if you re using it for work make sure you leave time to prep and heat . 
0	i bought it from a store and at that time it was around $
1	i like to make coffee and pour a little creamer in it and then use this to mix it . 
0	my dog got very frustrated so i have stopped using it . 
1	i ve seen my roomba do this a couple of times  when it doesn t get hung up on fringe  . 
0	i have num_num other chargers that i don t have to wiggle to get to work . 
1	buying a fresh battery from the rim source is important . 
0	i purchased his usual size ,  but they were much too big . 
1	the design is perfect and it functions well . 
0	also did not include micro usb charger which was included in the description . 
1	it s very easy to use and works flawlessly every time . 
0	if i attempted to charge it when it was turned off ,  it wouldn t turn on for another num_num hours . 
1	all my others are sitting in various drawers ,  wondering why they re not getting used any more .   . 
0	it apparently has some kind of artificial sweetener now . 
1	fits the curve nice and snug out of quality materials . 
0	i can t really comment about how well the thing works ,  because i can t keep it charged . 
1	next to my commercial sized one , only an excaliber is a better product in my opinion . 
0	this lotion did absolutely nothing for my dry skin . 
1	they are flat and don t take up much space in the refrigerator . 
0	considering how expensive mallomars are ,  i will not be buying them again . 
1	however ,  eventually ,  wear and tear ,  consistent use ,  etc ,  ,  ,  did my baby in . 
0	this does not have much ability to do anything . 
1	amazon had the best price by far than any other dealer anywhere . 
0	it s used in deodorant to prevent loss of moisture . 
1	it really is like having an extra pair of hands in the kitchen . 
0	one minute it s adjusted fine and the next it s up your nose or in your mouth . 
1	it wouldn t pair right with either phone ,  dropping the connection repeatedly . 
0	there is very limited choice in weapons ,  and no armor only clothing ,  most of which makes you look stupid . 
1	there s a big plastic screw on the back of the unit to change how firm that adjustment is . 
0	the scent is lovely ,  but for num_extend i expect more . 
1	stainless steel with rubberized handles ,  you would really have to work at it to damage or bend these cups . 
0	i don t see how anybody can even swallow it let alone rave about how good it is . 
1	my daughter was looking for one of these and was so excited to get one online . 
0	i couldn t make it through the first night . 
1	i use enough beans to make a strong coffee and it s great . 
0	unfortunately this lube is no different . here s the problem . 
1	gdocs with notepad :  to create memos and notes that sync with google num_extend
0	just google  barracuda bricked hard drive  or  tick tick tick . 
1	our youngest is really into cooking ,  always wanting to help and learn . 
0	i probably would have liked these better had i not followed the directions on the package . 
1	just a nice ,  smooth hum . it does blow hard . the first one died because i let it get too dusty . 
0	for the price ,  it is only around num_num mega pixels which isnt good . 
1	the quality can t be beat ,  and you can t go wrong with purchasing one of these . 
0	instead of moisturizing it like it claims to do ,  it did the complete opposite . overall ,  this was disappointing . 
1	i ve chosen them for aesthetic and functional reasons and had both low and high end headsets . 
0	i set it up in a flash loved it . 
1	the barrel is cool to the touch and has a super smooth surface . 
0	bought it at target for $ money would ve been better spent on the needed toilet paper instead . 
1	it is worth every penny just for the ease and speed when peeling . 
0	glamazons ,  the only reason i gave this num_num stars is because of the low price tag . 
1	this works great and you need not worry about your non stick cookware . 
0	i have been wanting the bumpits for some time . 
1	the os is just intuitive to me and the icons and graphics have always looked better to me . 
0	i returned it for a full ,  prompt refund from amazon . 
1	great product which keeps the active life of my iphone num_extend for long periods of use . 
0	i ordered a num_extend and it had a very weak magnetic spot about a couple of inches wide . 
1	it is lightweight and so easy to use . 
0	  .  .  .  pros : finaly quit playing before the game ended and went to rent a fun game . 
1	so far ,  this little vacuum cleaner is a wiz at small jobs . 
0	the reality is that it is a small cheap looking item . 
1	i am careful to unplug the phone as soon as its done charging ,  just in case . 
0	i ve only had this filter about num_num months and it is already loose in the frame . 
1	it works great better then ant of the other head sets i have had . 
0	i washed my hair with nexxus shampoo and conditioner as usual . 
1	i just received this last week and have already made an olive oil based rub for chicken in it . 
0	this type which i call  wet application  then another type that i call  dry application  . 
1	haven t had any problems with it at all . 
0	well my num_num yr old black and decker toaster died . 
1	be carefull that eventually will pull the rubber and get it stretched . 
0	each has a num_num year warranty so i phoned deltran and spoke to their  tech  . 
1	havent had to sharpen it ,  owned it for several months . 
0	i actually thought i d been sent the wrong pair initially . 
1	lol i have been using a hand held large zester to do cheese ,  what a pain . 
0	a tree or a telephone pole is just begging for your acquaintance the whole time . 
1	this is an otg  on the go  cable and came in a samsung box . 
0	you can play deathmatch and capture the flag with num_extend
1	in total i ve had four or five different cases for my original iphone and now the num_extend
0	i have to set it on some sort of surface ,  release the handle ,  and then pick it up . 
1	some think cast iron cookware is work to keep up and clean . 
0	true cinnamon is called ceylon cinnamon and may be found online or in health stores . 
1	i have never seen a butter dish anywhere that i like as much as this one . 
0	it s not boring ,  but it s not great either . 
1	the clip appears to be very strong ,  and i have not had any problems with it falling off . 
0	look elsewhere before you drop $ on these boots . 
1	it is easy to use and leaves the shell in full so you can use it for drinks . 
0	the action consists mainly of picking up a lot of items and using them in ridiculous ,  nonintuitive ways . 
1	i just tap it on coun ter and it opens one handed . 
0	i m led to think ea never watched a fight their entire lives considering there are no one punch ko s . 
1	you don t have to pull to turn the knob ,  just turn it . 
0	several were bent at funny angles where the clear part meets the colored part . 
1	i can t believe how long this machine has lasted without breaking . 
0	mk ii and mk iii are a heck of a lot better . 
1	i went to use the steam vac today and i filled the water tank to the fill line . 
0	i know it sucks to put out a few more dollars for something . 
1	i have bought at least num_num of these cases just for the different colors . 
0	she bleeds profusely with every little scratch !  this stuff barely lightened the stain . 
1	but it all depends on how soon you want to drink the finished product . 
0	the bottom of these boots consists of a slick ,  waxy surface with no traction . 
1	knife blocks take up too much counter space and aren t very customizable . 
0	the same problem  though not as severe  happened with final fantasy anthology . 
1	it allows great air circulation and they clean up easily . 
0	this is instant alright but really lacks rich coffee taste or aroma . 
1	this item fits well ,  and like advertised ,  has a solid kickstand . 
0	obviously ,  any small bump into the stand will once again set this off . 
1	it makes ice cream and other frozen treats super fast ,  is easy to clean ,  compact ,  and not too loud . 
0	now i need to go play the first game so i can remember what it was like . 
1	there seems to be alot of play when i adjust the setting . 
0	call tech support wait a half a hour and finally get the thing up and running . 
1	this is on of my new favorite phone cases . 
0	it is too short . i m not ignorant enough to be driven away just by theme . 
1	it s hefty enough to feel substantial ,  yet not so heavy that it s difficult to use and clean . 
0	it looks like a skunk .  .  .  . or a persons hair that has a white birth mark streak running through it . 
1	ok for viewing in bright light but no the best because of glare . 
0	i also should note that it says it has royal jelly and jojoba beads in the product . 
1	i have one of these chargers in each one of my vehicles ,  they work great . 
0	i get cleaner pictures with my old amplified rabbit ear set . 
1	no auto roll cord  not advertised to have one but it would be num_extend
0	there lies the problem ,  if not careful ,  while removing the sight base ,  magnets have fallen off the sight . 
1	i guess just be warned that this thing will probably need some major airing out after purchase . 
0	this jxd rc helicopter would not even lift off . 
1	no more floppy bacon that tastes like rubber . 
0	the set arrived ,  and one of the holders had significant rust on it  see photos  . 
1	wusthof s classic santoku is expensive ,  but a worthwhile investment for your kitchen . 
0	i bought this overpriced ,  simple device based on it being able to match . 
1	this heats evening and certainly does hold a lot of shredded sweet potatoes and chopped onions . 
0	if you are a bg fan ,  don t buy it thinking you will get something like it ,  you won t . 
1	some reviews say their bowl never freezes solid . 
0	the size is okay and it looks fine . 
1	it is not the sort of thing that you toss in a corner cabinet on its side . 
0	i thought it was just the newness of the grill . 
1	first off ,  it s the first gadget in a while that didn t require a chainsaw to open the packaging . 
0	i am not amused ,  but my daughter wanted to keep it anyway . 
1	i use it everyday ,  and it works like brand new . 
0	compared to my silicone case ,  the tpu case offered less protection . 
1	the scoop works very good . the oxo good grips cookie scoop handles chilled or unchilled dough just fine . 
0	very little tastebut a ghastly amount of calories ! got lots of it to get rid of . 
1	this is my num_extend otterbox case for various phones . 
0	you don t get to loot fallen enemies  except for a few weapons  . 
1	so i wiped the entire pot down with a paper towel and olive oil . 
0	it is impossible to rate  vice city  without comparing it to gta num_extend
1	little hard to clean but the savings on ground hamburg is well worth it . 
0	this one has a steam driven espresso that most coffee connoisseurs will advise against . 
1	this case is thin enough that the phone + case still fits in my holster nicely . 
0	flatness is one of the few critical requirements in a cutting board so i would not recommend this one . 
1	also ,  static electricity can be a problem when you open the . 
0	first i made the mistake by ordering dog food ,  i wanted treats . 
1	the numbers are very hard to see in bright sunlight light . 
0	i live in a very small town and do most of my shopping online . 
1	use the weights and the pie crust came out great . 
0	these spendy cards will not all run the game well . 
1	my girlfriends mother gave it to her kids and grand kids long time ago . 
0	i got this a few months ago and was trying to live with it . 
1	bought these after a set of motorola headphones broke in my backpack at airport . 
0	my time is worth more than th $ i get ripped off for . 
1	it is best to use a case with this ,  as the corner can tend to come up otherwise . 
0	i m not ordering anymore  reefs .   i much prefer sanuk or yellow box flip flops over these by far . 
1	the product is num_num times better than zagg . 
0	i don t want to develop cancer from calphalon you know . 
1	it offers num_num angles to choose from  portrait design  . 
0	there is no  click  assuring that the cable is in place . 
1	i pretty much buy bodum for anything coffee . 
0	the two differences between this one i am reviewing and the nylon ones is durability and cost . 
1	years ago we all had these kinds of sink strainers in our kitchen sink . 
0	i meant  used to light up  ,  since it broke . 
1	really a very pretty cake holder to display ur cake and keep ur cake moist . 
0	they wore blisters on my toes and the bottoms of my feet were killing me before i got home . 
1	it keeps the pots and pans you use most often within easy reach . 
0	the reservoir is so small it runs out in num_num num_extend
1	i got this case as part of the  free  case program . 
0	i ve been using cover ,  flanking ,  popouts ,  proning ,  sprinting etc . 
1	although it does work as it is suppose to work . 
0	and there s the problem . i lost every  last image  on my trip to italy . 
1	i take it camping as it works great on gas burners too . 
0	the container is very small and the shapes are all in pieces . 
1	shipper did not deliver by date given by amazon . 
0	the antenna was tunned with a swr meter to about num_extend which is great ,  but noise still present . 
1	i wanted to get on the verizon network ,  and i waited until the droid x released . 
0	not wasting the time to send it back . 
1	a very well made cooker that has good fit and finish . 
0	it does it all :  nat ,  dhcp ,  dns ,  file server ,  print server ,  and domain controller . 
1	then dry it with paper towels or allow it to air dry . 
0	distance is less than num_num feet with static and dropped calls . 
1	better than even a food processor . the handle is shorter than most mashers ,  allowing superior leverage . 
0	purchased these to go on my normal pedals for a little extra power . 
1	which then caused them to fly off his head and break on the pavement . 
0	ordered num_num pair of these earrings ,  to use as gifts . 
1	i steam the milk in the mug for my daughter s hot chocolate ,  sure . 
0	this is unfortunately a bad imitation of the old german classic cakepan . 
1	i do believe preparation of the batter ,  ingredients ,  preparation of the pan ,  etc . 
0	would take off some hair ,  but most of it was left behind . 
1	highly recommend this for canning small batches for a small family or for gifts . 
0	i ve owned otterbox cases in the past and this case ranks as the worst . 
1	once you get the hang of it it s really not a bad toaster . 
0	i found that it worked well with a cell phone ,  but not with a cordless phone . 
1	this is the slicer that should be included when buying the processor ,  but its definitely worth paying the extra . 
0	i like ginger tea as well ,  but this one is strong . 
1	so much faster and safer than a knife . 
0	the vendor refused my request to cancel the order . 
1	i teach elementary students and they always want to touch and play with my phone . 
0	it also is very inaccurate and may lose up to num_num minutes a day . 
1	i only wish they came in other colors . 
0	i got this to help a num_num and num_num year old build eye hand coordination and confidence . 
1	i have owned this pan since november num_extend
0	i bought this for my trip to amsterdam and it did not work . 
1	this works out great for me since i can leave the wallet in the car now . 
0	this game tries to be zelda ,  but it isn t . 
1	the temperature settings are basic but more than enough to select from . 
0	i later learned that other bugs are in the game . 
1	the whole steak was done medium in num_num minutes . 
0	i bought this on another site because i think i had a better price there . 
1	it works great and cleans up pretty easily . 
0	this pony should gallup for what you pay for it . 
1	if you want a replacement or an additional charger for your travelling bag .  .  . get it . 
0	this sat on the porch for maybe an hour . 
1	i actually bought the blackberry chargers for a motorola phone . 
0	no nails ,  thorns etc in the way . one tube lasted a few months the other made it to num_num months . 
1	cleanup was also a breeze . this pan comes with two basic recipes :  chocolate cake donuts and cake donuts . 
0	they cannot do a good job of packing items at this company . 
1	you can be pretty far away from the phone and still talk . i still recommend this bluetooth . 
0	 let alone those that use aspartame ,  which i think is even worse for your health .  so ,  two stars . 
1	i like faberware . i bought this to complete my own set of pots and pans . faberware is a great brand !  . 
0	i read the description incorrectly and it did not fit my phone . 
1	pushing veggies like carrots through this slicer is a bit difficult . 
0	static electricity had  glued  it to the inside of the envelope . 
1	it looked easy to hold and the brush looked firm . 
0	that didn t work with my num_num year old that wanted pink and got one for her birthday . 
1	but the thinness is great if you don t want too much added bulk . 
0	i think to myself this will get better this is probably just like this on the first stage . 
1	i will continue to use these and replace with more as needed . 
0	however ,  the nuts on the trendnet adapter are riveted into the body ,  and are thus not removable . 
1	it seems the knives stay sharper longer  it may be our imagination .   . 
0	my dogs are also having diarrhea this time and they never get diarrhea from tendons . 
1	these suckers are sharp ! this set has a nice variety of sizes and the scissors are awesome . 
0	at first i had fun with storyline ,  making dungeons ,  characters ,  and naming and making enemies ,  items ,  and all that . 
1	satisfied with the shipping and purchase ,  and i would recommend it . 
0	it was quiet and smooth for about num_num months in rainy seattle . 
1	then made sure i wiped any excess that came out after seating . 
0	there should have been a small gap left so that the protector could lay flat and adhere . 
1	for one ,  maybe two people it works great . 
0	i suggest you go up a half size if you purchase these . 
1	i have dropped this one in the otterbox and no problems . 
0	squirrels can jump num_num feet up and num_num feet sideways . 
1	she has had her colorful fiesta dishes for several years ,  and they still look like new . 
0	i think its too strong of a scent and smells more like roses and old ladies than i expected . 
1	that said ,  we have two num_extend it periodically creates a mess on the counter . 
0	do yourself a favor and go with netgear right off the bat . 
1	i could probably read the lengthy instructions if i really wanted to . 
0	walking around shooting people is fun ,  but that s all the game has going for it . 
1	however ,  it s just worth noting ,  for those who have no idea how big num_extend inches is . 
0	unfortunately ,  it doesn t measure accurately ,  so it doesn t fit my needs . 
1	they are slightly too large ,  but they are keepers anyway . 
0	i ve never had miso soup but i highly doubt this is what it s suppose to taste like . 
1	the iphone really needs a super strong case to protect it . 
0	i cannot imagine what it is useful for . 
1	i called hoover per the manual instructions and all pieces were replaced with no question . 
0	they must of had this for a long time ,  the last ones one the shelf . 
1	the attachments are half again the size of the old attachments . 
0	mtx fender does not fit the explorer rack by topeak nor the mtx trunk system . 
1	the instructions were adequate and i found it very easy to install . 
0	it shakes out and then you just work it in at the roots and fluff the hair up . 
1	excellent for making coleslaw as we like cabbage shredded fine . 
0	i ordered this to avoid synthetic vitamin c ,  i wanted a natural source . 
1	and be sure to visit the nokia store to pick up additional apps published by nokia  e . g . 
0	and the wires could literally not be any thinner or more delicate . 
1	i start at one side and press it down firmly as i turn the bottle slowly . 
0	but the online multiplayer has bigger maps and a new gun . 
1	i probably end up loaning out my smiths as much as i actually use it myself . 
0	tales of symphonia was by far the best in the franchise at its time . 
1	you will not need to replace it in your lifetime . 
0	as with all the  inventions  i followed the instructions to a tee . 
1	i purchased this as a gift for my girlfriend for christmas . 
0	the natural calm took care of my muscle cramps with one dose each day . 
1	i like this tool much better than my lecreuset spatula ,  which is too soft and pliable . 
0	i kept getting an error code ,  and followed the instructions in the manual ,  to no avail . 
1	it takes longer to clean than to grind . 
0	well it sort of did ,  as in the phone fit inside of it . 
1	obviously ,  it s not going to beat any hundred dollar headphones ,  but it s not supposed to . 
0	the stencils are flimsy and hard to figure out . 
1	i d rather they were a few inches longer and no zipper ,  but oh well . 
0	although the company replaced it ,  i did not take a chance and let him have it again . 
1	not a big deal ,  but again ,  something to note . by now you re curious why i knocked it a star . 
0	the suction is miserable even when the hose is not leaking air . 
1	holster is perfect fit for the bb curve num_extend
0	it s cheap and so i think you get what you paid for . 
1	i bought this headset to replace my old plantronics voyager . 
0	only lasted a few month very expensive for its use . 
1	it works very well with the size of my phone . 
0	i have bought two of these and neither work . 
1	the only difference ,  however ,  is the handle style . 
0	i am not one of those snobby audiophile people . 
1	i still store food but have to be careful not to tip the container . 
0	that is not a misprint ,  i typed a  k  in front of the speed . 
1	i wish someone would make one piece aluminum lids as they d look better than this white plastic . 
0	the regular waterpik holds enough water to last for two minutes . 
1	it s tall enough to cook pasta without worrying about boiling over ,  and you can strain through the lid . 
0	i love jet games which i mostly play on my pc . 
1	i used it on saturday to frost num_num cupcakes . 
0	this feeder is all plastic ,  including the perches ,  unlike more expensive feeders that have metal perches . 
1	one thing that was not clear in either description ,  was if you got the required hose . 
0	maybe for crazy hair day or  ?  ?  ?  i totally recommend passing on this product . 
1	a nicely designed and stylish headset ,  not the best for extremely windy environments though . 
0	i would recommend spending a few more dollars to purchase higher quality food storage system . 
1	it just works and seems to have great battery life to boot . 
0	i m pretty disappointed in melissa and doug for putting their name on this . 
1	no more folding up a cord to store in the vehicle just push a button and the cord disappears . 
0	that way no power is lost from the num_extend
1	heats quickly ,  cleans up easily in the dishwasher even when there s a little scalded milk on the bottom . 
0	i still can t tell if far east is supposed to be singapore or hong kong . 
1	the tops keep a good seal and have not warped  so far  in the microwave . 
0	would not purchase again unless they make some big changes . 
1	they are so light and easy to use . 
0	i thought this litter box would be the answer ,  well reviewed here and on other sites . 
1	the new trent num_extend is an excellent value for the money . 
0	but more importantly ,  it doesn t remove eye makeup very well . 
1	the  satin  part of this case s name refers to the finish on the hard parts of the case . 
0	but this smell thing was not a problem for quite a long time . 
1	my room is much less dusty with this in it . 
0	i would classify this as a piece of junk . 
1	i switched to paper filters about a month ago . 
0	waterfall mist is the best and moisturizing for natural num_extend hair . 
1	it holds a charge very well ,  but i don t talk on it a ton . 
0	the high frequencies rattled and sounded tinny like there was a loose connector inside the casing . 
1	easy to clean ,  no assembly required to make pasta and the cutter is simple to slide on . 
0	this is a common occurrence looking at other reviews . 
1	i thought this would be a nice novelty item ,  but it turned out to be extremely practical . 
0	this game takes it from sonic adventure num_extend and that made me upset ,  because it s just not .  .  . sonic . 
1	affix them correctly and they hold for months . the same suction cup system is used here . 
0	our family has liked every other flavored we have tried  bbq is the best  . 
1	this does the job of several ,  and works great . 
0	it started falling apart about a week after installed . 
1	this is my third case for ipod touch . 
0	some may like this game ,  but i sure didn t . 
1	one draw back is fine coffee particles pass through and settle to the bottom of the pot . 
0	i love nb shoes but these hurt my feet terribly . 
1	this charger is very nice and comes with num_num spare batteries . 
0	you have your ubiquitous  professor  character ,  and several npcs . 
1	i bought one in january ,  num_extend and in march ,  num_extend it still works like new . 
0	the single best tip i read was to put them on and head right out on the walk . 
1	with tile floors ,  it makes a big difference for me . 
0	a person shouldn t have to do this ,  so i can t recommend it anymore . 
1	it s a little pricey but we like it . 
0	i mean like trying to cover his entire body in dirt . 
1	silicone rubber case did fit easily ,  then a polycarbonate shell on top of that . 
0	it really bounces around a lot while you re driving ,  so it can activate your phone s screen . 
1	i can wear it all day without irritation . 
0	even before the bread slicer broke the bread never had even slices with this slicer . 
1	since it does it s job well it deserves a good star . 
0	i had high hopes for this inexpensive device ,  but it barely works against average to small size scales . 
1	the sound and signal are loud and clear . 
0	the game is a good game to play with friends but after a while its just boring . 
1	the broiler has the correct kind and quanity of drainage slots to broil meat on . 
0	not with the experience as warhammer num_extend and the space hulk board game . 
1	again ,  though ,  i had no luck slicing anything thinly with this knife . 
0	it did need to be tuned frequently but that is to be expected with a new guitar . 
1	with two spoons this recipe makes a terrible mess . 
0	her heel lifts with every step ,  and they re stiff and heavy . 
1	it is a little hard to put on but once it is one it fits just right . 
0	they didn t have much flavor to them; i think they were just dyed dark brown . 
1	i use it while skyping on my mac and the sound is clear on both ends . 
0	i d asked amazon send me a third replacement but they refused . 
1	i ve had this charger for over three years and it still works like a charm . 
0	i plan to return it and buy one of the smaller belts . 
1	if not ,  we get  xlink bt  and the number . 
0	so no portability ,  and the led display on the radio never did work . 
1	my husband had diverticulitis ,  then later a heart attack ,  so we re very careful about what he eats . 
0	the bottle design is already awkward to hold without it being wet . 
1	so i think amazon must get a batch of them in and seperate them by hand . 
0	return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts . 
1	the features are great and the coffee stays hot . 
0	i should ve ordered a size up instead of a size down . 
1	i m delighted all over again each time i use it . 
0	no ,  it wasn t too tight ,  i ve been dealing withthem for years . 
1	if you purchase you will get cracked on for looking like dj khaled  just giving heads up . 
0	i ended up running it under hot water to release it . 
1	with this case my phone is protected and i also dont have to lug around my uncomfortable wallet !  . 
0	the switch must have gone bad  bought less than a year ago  . 
1	it will fit into your pocket with ease . 
0	so i had to return them and wait for my money back . 
1	i m not sure if the plastic itself absorbs strong odors but it might . conclusion . 
0	even with my intel num_extend extreme and num_extend of num_extend ram ,  this card produces choppy video . 
1	 should withstand repeated washings well ,  doesn t look cheap  and i planned to keep it anyway . 
0	so ,  so treat ,  yes dog will eat it ,  but not very excited about it . 
1	i moved the phone up to the left side strap near my shoulder and never had another problem . 
0	i often have to keep my laptop within six feet to get it to keep a connection . 
1	lodge is the name when it comes to iron cookware . 
0	does it do it well ,  i would say it does ok . 
1	i couldn t even sharpen it on a stone because of the hardness of the metal . 
0	the weapon selection is ok ,  but i wish that there were more fully automatic rifles . 
1	but then i realized i should just get a new phone ,  which i eventually did . 
0	firstly it didn t seem to work at all . 
1	it juices now just as perfectly as it did when i first took it out of the box . 
0	spanx ,  what did you send me ?  ?  ?  i m sending it to a theater costume department . 
1	use pearls or ribbons to create a unique num_extend make buttercream flowers and freeze . 
0	don t know for sure if it was due to the cable or software ,  but never got this to work . 
1	the design is fantastic; it really makes measuring incredibly easy . 
0	so hard that in my opinion they are unusable as shipped . the solution is as follows . 
1	very pleased with its quality and with this purchase . 
0	never in my life have i experienced such an overhyped lousy product . 
1	i ve been happy with everything except the battery life ,  which use to last less than num_num hours . 
0	high freq notes sound very shrill and broken . 
1	also the brushes at bottom get jammed very often . otherwise its very handy and useful for small cleanings . 
0	made me have huge love handles and i don t even have them . 
1	i demoed multiple apps for sphero and my daughter is definitely hooked . 
0	however ,  it is not enough to keep you interested in playing ,  especially with the steep xp curve . 
1	works great but only up to num_extend amps . 
0	that is how this game starts  and many others  and then that is how this game ends . 
1	we retired in florida and about half of our flooring is tile . 
0	the sequel is the end for this game . 
1	also ,  the lid doesn t seem to sit very well . otherwise ,  the item has performed well for me so far . 
0	but knowing myself i ll probably fire up the gameshark num_num and play it quick just to see the movies . 
1	it says four shelves but that doesn t include the bottom which makes a fifth . 
0	so i got a larger size and they still feel really tight on me . 
1	the cap is either to tight or to loose . 
0	the doctor told me it was the food coloring that they put in them . 
1	it looks nice enough to sit on the counter . 
0	it is modeled after the original matrix amplify formula and it is amazing . 
1	the cup also has a sharp point to puncture the eggs before cooking to prevent green yolks . 
0	i understand the extras and upgrades sites have . 
1	it works great and even filters a bit faster than i expected . 
0	great for carrying your computer with books and food to a long study session . 
1	i hate cases that cover up the power buttons and volume rocker . 
0	i would have been better off with num_num chargers from the num_num cents store . 
1	also ,  can turn from portrait to landscape for watching movies at lunch time . 
0	i have to say her fleas keep coming back . 
1	use this frequently to make jerky and dried fruits . 
0	the character model look like fun mix without being overly complex . 
1	it is perfect for me in my num_num chevy truck . 
0	i am amazed that netgear thinks that a switch should be unplugged when not in use . 
1	i will recycle it $ down the drain  :  anyways ,  all is well that ends well . 
0	however ,  about midway through the charm wears off ,  and the formula becomes all too tedious . 
1	it has no charger nor a gps or a voice amplifier . 
0	this makes the cup incredibly difficult to remove and a real pain in the butt . 
1	the hangers are still handy and keep slacks easy to hang ,  remove quickly without much hassle and time . 
0	simple solution or iris neat  n dry are the best ones i found so far from amazon . 
1	i ve used otterbox cases on a number of products and they are top notch . 
0	this item is not worth the plastic it s made from . 
1	the price was great and the product did what it was suppose to do . 
0	i wanted to run my home entertainment tuner . 
1	the headset is reversable by the simple expedient of rotating the earbud . 
0	these don t stick to my tub at all . 
1	so i promised i won t laugh when she drops her phone and it breaks . 
0	these tools are made of high quality materials ,  and they look very nice . 
1	i used it about once or twice a day ,  and it is still going after a week . highly recommend . 
0	i love all things disney ,  especially disney princess related items . 
1	works really well and does its job well . 
0	additionally ,  they arrived somewhat smudged in their holder . 
1	the grids are spaced close enough together so cookies do not fall through . 
0	the previous reviewer is right that the mouse does not squeak unless hit in a specific way . 
1	so i really am not sure what the big deal is about the dial pad . 
0	putting it together would have been easier if i had the parts . 
1	i could t believe the low cost of these earbuds considering their build quality . 
0	these are really too small to be of much use for me . 
1	i love the color !  i think it s really cute and a great little helper in the kitchen !  . 
0	i gave it a shot once it arrived but couldn t make myself use it . 
1	i even worried about the cat getting a splinter in his meal because the gouges were so deep . 
0	i ordered this not realizing it is blue and not clear . 
1	this processor is a heavy duty all purpose device every working kitchen needs . 
0	yuck !  c mon ,  the city looks like a mess of jagged lines . 
1	these glasses are really wonderful for enjoying red wine . 
0	i will be looking at other possible watch bands for water resistant watches . 
1	i would have given this num_num stars if it didn t make such giant cookies . 
0	the later turtles games were far better than this . 
1	i have corelle ware going back over num_num years ,  it s amazing . 
0	i had something else before and liked it better . 
1	forget pounding unless the recipe calls for it . 
0	too bad there is not a hiss detector in the fine tune circuitry . 
1	it breezes through ice and anything else i put in there . 
0	very thin ,  does not hold in your hair . 
1	this is a real lid !  cost more than the skillet but i don t care . 
0	i can t believe i even bought a wheat product when i m so careful with food shopping . 
1	 cook s illustrated  gave this one its highest rating . 
0	your better off with the solution and a lint free cloth to take out the scratches with . 
1	 central vac was hopelessly clumsy .   following consumer reports  recommendation ,  i chose this one . 
0	i had to struggle so much to get this thing on ,  i actually broke out in a sweat . 
1	it looks like the pix and it is durable and protects my phone well . 
0	too bad it isn t sold as such . there s a reason this is one of the more inexpensive kvm switches . 
1	i had this a couple years now and decided to give it a review . 
0	there are even forms used to rinse the mouth for gum disease but it is not to be swallowed . 
1	the product name is misleading in my opinion . 
0	they are not marked ,  the way to tell is the receivers have one phone jack ,  the transmitter has two . 
1	it s a great size . plus ,  it is made here in west virginia . 
0	these plastic fountains are just awful and not worth it . 
1	wood does the same ,  and it s likely more sanitary than wood . overall ,  good value for the money . 
0	i have been cramping and miserable for about num_num hours now . 
1	unfortunately ,  the glass liner broke ,  so i tried this coffee maker . 
0	i tried shaking the bottle but it still came out very clumpy . 
1	it still keeps the phone fairly slim ,  looks great ,  offers good protection and is pretty easy to take off . 
0	my phone fell out the first day in this case . 
1	this is really nice for my almond milk because it makes a really nice frothy liquid . 
0	they are very small and num_num of the num_num are now broken . 
1	this one is very easy to clean ,  and the pulp is very edible . 
0	i have no idea why this is; there may be an understandable reason ,  but it is nonetheless very disappointing . 
1	this is an inexpensive lightweight cable ,  but feels of good quality . 
0	nice handle and it fits perfectly with your standard revereware saucepans . 
1	the only down side at all is there is no latch to hold the adapter into the ipod . 
0	the first wouldn t take a charge the third time around . 
1	the strainer is a nice feature that i use to filter seeds from freshly squeezed orange juice . 
0	that s all i know so far . update :  i sent it back . 
1	i read the reviews before i bought ,  but being familiar with libby products ,  i bought them anyway . 
0	used it initially when following a group of kids and adults in my suv through the back woods . 
1	butter can be melted on the top . easy cleanup . 
0	i purchased this pepper grinder at a kitchen outlet store . 
1	i know ,  control freak but it is my kitchen . 
0	i honestly do not think this should cost more than num_num bucks . 
1	one of the teaspoons did end up with a  rust  spot due to overcrowding the utensil container . 
0	well ,  no wonder !  sucrose is one of the main ingredients . 
1	i bought this electric knife as a wedding gift for the wedding of one of my many ,  many nieces . 
0	i noticed that as i began to straighten my hair it felt as if the heat started to drop . 
1	they compare hundreds of products and this was their recommendation for knives . 
0	agave sugar is obtained from boiling the center of the plant . 
1	my husband loves it and uses it almost every night !  . 
0	infact ,  in seems like they have more fleas now than before . 
1	i can t say enough about how handy these are . 
0	i am sure glad i only got one box !   .  .  . thank you d . d . 
1	i found this processor on amazon and bought it . 
0	it took months to get a replacement unit . 
1	this is the only ,  pur water cartridge ,  that i want to use . 
0	also ,  they are different sized than the num_extend num_extend and num_extend so they take different foam sizes . get the num_extend
1	seems like a pretty good deal ,  if they also offer the num_num day guarentee . 
0	this one just blocks my pores and makes me sweat and sweat . 
1	you re beginning to understand the mythical power associated with exquisitely crafted knives like the japanese sword katana . 
0	when i picked her back up ,  guess what was lieing there on the ground . 
1	all it took was one look to realize this isn t going to work as a blender . 
0	i got this item as a gift ,  and it won t get much use from me . 
1	the lid keeps the soup from boiling over and making a mess if you microwave a little too long . 
0	i have never known my larger dog not to eagerly accept anything edible offered to her . 
1	the skin is exactly what i was looking for !  has the blackberry logo on the back and fits snug . 
0	really disappointed ,  since most of the reviews were so good . 
1	we make popcorn nearly every night ,  a minimum of num_num days a year . 
0	i saw mixed reviews on amazon ,  but went ahead and bought it . 
1	i read the reviews here before decidng and looked at others ,  so glad i chose this . 
0	this creates a gap for paint and dirt to find it s way into ,  and did it ever . 
1	for roughly the same price as the cheap chargers at walmart ,  i think this is a great buy . 
0	for the money i was disappointed too i only received one other places give you two or three . 
1	and ,  this concerns me . there s nothing to firmly hold the headset in place . 
0	i also measured it and it is indeed only num_extend a bummer . 
1	that s what it does ,  and does it well . 
0	i have tried so many of these hair colors and it s just not working . 
1	what can you say aobut a bottle opener ?  well ,  this one is very high qualtiy . 
0	it s really not a good toy for a puppy ,  at least not mind . 
1	of course ,  this means we can t actually reach it ,  either  .  .  . conclusion : good unit ,  but a bit pricey . 
0	even the usb logo is on the opposite side of one plug . 
1	the smallest is a little larger than your thumb ,  great for mixing small batches of marinade or salad dressing . 
0	i went and returned these and went with the curly laces instead . 
1	this is the best powdered sugar shaker i have had yet . 
0	the included usb cable fit perfectly with my cellphone and charged my phone without any problems . 
1	have had for years and still performs just as well as when i bought it . 
0	the way mine turned out they are kind of like bread which hasn t risen properly . 
1	on the older pan ,  the aluminum layer closest to the food is as thick as the copper layer . 
0	not too mention i couldn t even get popcorn salt to stick to the popcorn . 
1	unlike for example with nokia num_extend which takes pretty decent pictures and videos . 
0	there is not much for me to say about it . 
1	i m so glad we got this and don t have a bad thing to say about it . 
0	this did not work for connecting my lenovo thinkpad with a wireless mouse and keyboard . 
1	i ve used it for baking puff pastry ,  chicken and candied pecans . 
0	i bought num_num hanes t shirts for hubby at meijer . 
1	nice and smooth ,  very comfortable in my hands . 
0	i am an experienced photographer and can say with certainty that it doesn t work . 
1	small ,  light and fully compatible with the iphone num_num  in case you were wondering like i did  . 
0	i loved the first two gabriel knight games   sins of the father  and  the beast within   . 
1	we use this daily for fresh lemonade ,  margaritas ,  salsa and anything else when we want fresh juice . 
0	my child is lactose intolerant ,  but i wouldn t think this would affect her unless she ingested some . 
1	this is the only reason i chose this seller because i thought it would get here faster . 
0	this shoe is really narrow and i could barely get my foot into it . 
1	the only difference between amazon and apples customer service is amazon is better . thank you amazon . 
0	i could not have ejected this poor poor excuse for a game quick enough from my machine . 
1	these are a nice weight and feel good in your hands . 
0	there are very few positive things i can say about this grill . 
1	just thick enough to keep the lens glass and the display glass from touching when laying the phone down . 
0	it s a very basic toy and unlike some others ,  the hole isn t adjustable ,  nor the flow of kibbles . 
1	i am loving my amazon prime membership !  these arrived in two days and in absolute ,  perfect condition . 
0	this works in some applications ,  but doesn t work in many others . 
1	but the cool thing is that these filters are strong enough to take it . 
0	i let it cool down and drank a little more ,  then proceeded to dump the rest of it out . 
1	far exceeded expectations ,  pictures do not do it justice . 
0	this used to work for me ,  but now it no longer works . 
1	my own choice to save eight dollars cost me forty one dollars and sixty one cents . 
0	i want to build stars ,  direct films ,  and create cinematic masterpieces . 
1	for the price i thought i would be getting a basic thin cheap product . 
0	i m going to keep trying and if i get positive results i will correct this review . 
1	very well constructed . does it s job protecting my mixer from kitchen grime . 
0	the magnet flat would not stay closed and the case itself felt really cheap and hard . 
1	my carpets are completely dry within a couple of hours . 
0	i took my time and researched if this was a good product . 
1	like what previous reviewers said ,  this product is really fantastic . 
0	my dogs ate their way around all the potatoes ,  leaving a mound of white cubes in their bowls . 
1	i like making vegan soups for dinner ,  and this size is just perfect for one or two people . 
0	then in a few weeks or months it will start going flakey . 
1	even with or without a case i have tried using this holder both ways . 
0	soft ,  cosy feel ,  but all these plastic materials don t last . 
1	the non stick cups keep some of the egg on them when you try to scoop them out . 
0	it s so small  of course  and it s really only good for nuts . 
1	i have not had any problems with filling the tank from my kitchen faucet . 
0	there are so many other knife selections out there that are much better . 
1	most of it seems simple ,  but those of us who are new to this need help . 
0	the vibrations ,  in my opinion ,  don t do a thing . 
1	be careful when using this coffee maker on a gas stove that the leather tie doesn t burn . 
0	do you really want to have to apply two products ?  second ,  i did not see any noticeable results . 
1	previous reviewers have done an excellent job of describing the physical details of the product . 
0	i was hoping this would help my skin but it didn t . 
1	nice price and it got to my house pretty darn fast . 
0	i ordered large for a large dog and what i got were chews that were about num_num inches long . 
1	black rubber seems to be softer . the white gets dirty in no time . 
0	i have had this filter for over a year . 
1	its fun making fresh popcorn in it and it works right every time . 
0	ea makes the same crap over and over . 
1	not wanting to wash it ,  i decided to try this little guy . 
0	not terribly difficult ,  but not very forgiving of errors either . 
1	there is very little setup for the unit . 
0	i don t recommend this product or anyone sleazy enough to sell it to you . 
1	these are the best spatula s i have ever used . 
0	however ,  later on in the game the game starts placing num_num laws in effect all at once . 
1	i love that my sponge does not show when you look across my kitchen landscape . 
0	i will continue with my current strategy . these are going back . 
1	i don t use it all that frequently but when i do ,  it s a great tool . 
0	if you like a sweeter beverage ,  you might like this product much more than i did . 
1	should have bought these in the first place . 
0	when i first opened the bag of coffee i didn t like the smell of it either . 
1	a product like a replacement filter doesn t really have much to review about . 
0	only for dress up !  !  !  !  and very uncomfortable even for that . 
1	you will not want a new one in num_num months . 
0	after cleaning all the wheels ,  i applied this to the front wheel of my num_num audi num_extend
1	this is the perfect accessory for my ipad . 
0	i would recommend going with something else if you want it to last . 
1	i picked this up primarily to use as a bluetooth headset with my htc mytouch num_extend
0	i really didn t like it and wouldn t buy it . 
1	and they all fall down on my head all the time . 
0	i d just like to second what most everyone is saying here :  this toaster produces very uneven toast . 
1	you can microwave in just a fraction of the time as traditional cooking ,  so don t over cook . 
0	i doubt they d ever get clean again after dusting . 
1	i think it has too many buttons  the speeds don t vary very much  but that s not really a drawback . 
0	how pesto can taste bad and this bad i have no idea unless it has gone bad !  . 
1	i use number num_num filters inside it so i m not drinking grounds . 
0	this is old news about num_num minutes into the game . 
1	i have drop the phone a couple of times ,  and i has protected . 
0	though i waited my turn and eventually headed to the station . 
1	i ve cooked many whole chickens .  .  . and even a num_num lb turkey with it .  .  . without disappointment . 
0	i wanted big bubbles and to get lost in them but it wasn t happening . 
1	its a great feeling waking up to the smell of bread in the morning . 
0	i returned it got another disc and that disc was defective too . 
1	we tend to make large batches and use throughout the week . 
0	just a right amount of foam on the grip to hold the phone num_extend
1	and it wasn t even expensive in comparison to other iphone cases . 
0	some of these are very basic and fulfill a single purpose . 
1	this is a good strong pot rack and was easy to install . 
0	the color was about the same too come to think of it . 
1	stays in place and the lip helps to keep drips down the front of my cabinets . 
0	this can t possibly cost more than a dollar to manufacture . 
1	it arrived very fast and was very inexpensive . 
0	used this on my husbands feet that are in work boots all day . 
1	it is the piece that make the brush a brush and you will need the brush . 
0	i had read similar reviews and ignored them . 
1	long enough to finish the morning paper or for surfing the web . 
0	also ,  the slant of the stair treads is not good for him . 
1	if you will ultimately need a ricer anyway .  .  . consider getting that first and than see if you still need this . 
0	the handles are too long for personal use . 
1	and you simply cannot buy those seperately for the price they offer on amazon . 
0	i tried making baklava with it and even the honey and brown sugar couldn t hide how stale these were . 
1	swiss army forschners are cheaper and have better steel but i still reach for this one many times . 
0	as far as moisturizing power ,  this isn t the best choice for dry skin . 
1	it s extremely cheap  price  compared to what an htc evo @ sprint store would cost . 
0	this has a plastic water taste to it after your ice melts . 
1	it is very solidly built and looks great ,  i highly recommend this case !  . 
0	i bought this product for my num_num year old daughter . 
1	it s a good deal for the reasonable price . 
0	i bought japanese acne treatment and it works so much better . 
1	i solve this problem by ,  unfortunately ,  watching the cycle . 
0	in fact i d say it s bad even as a temporary solution . 
1	there s a proper technique that is needed and if that s followed ,  you will get good results . 
0	i then purchase the acoustic research num_extend num_num mhz wireless headphones for a friend this christmas . 
1	it is as good or better than the quality from the handset . 
0	i had to put on rubber gloves to open the battery compartment . 
1	now if we can only remember to use it . 
0	maybe it would look better on an old tv ?  who knows . 
1	my only gripe would be that the volume can be a bit week . 
0	the ability to select the num_num recording modes is great . 
1	i just paired the two devices and added it on in handsfree mode . 
0	the first arrived broken; they sent a second one; it arrived in even worse shape than the first . 
1	it also makes me feel a bit uncomfortable ,  especially after using covers that were flush with the screen . 
0	i have tried everything imaginable to get it off without pulling at the tender skin around the eyes . 
1	the side arms have a foam coating so they really grip my phone well once they are pushed in . 
0	store them in an empty plastic spice jar and keep the jar packed in with your camping equipment . 
1	and once completed the lcd screen didn;t work . 
0	i gave it a num_num star for having ulead dvd factory and movee software which i didn t even use . 
1	i love the price ,  fast shipping and ease of purchase right to my door . 
0	i got num_num hours of standby tops without putting it in airplane mode . 
1	ha ! my infocus projector num_extend dlp projector  draws num_num cent per hour . 
0	even this one which is their lowest cost one is very very good . 
1	this dustbuster has plenty of power and works great . 
0	the bristles are really soft and not irritating at all . 
1	while these are not professional grade items they are certainly more than adequate for the casual home canner . 
0	easy to clean . con :  too small to be really useful in the kitchen . 
1	i haven t try the steam option yet but i think it should work without a problem . 
0	it s pretty big too .  .  . double check measurements before you buy . 
1	no complaints at all about the hanging pot rack . 
0	the new ones just do not work as well as the old ones and they pop out sometimes . 
1	they go through them so fast because of how often they use them but they love them . 
0	i have gotten these at the store and wanted another one but they didn t have the color i wanted . 
1	it s much much easier to use ,  but at num_num times the cost . 
0	there are no prosallow me to share with you how deep your disappointment will num_extend
1	the device was brand new no issues and works exactly how it s supposed too . 
0	honestly ,  this cologne is too strong and caused several migraines  with just one spray !   . 
1	i had deep red beet juice dripping all over the counter  nasty staining stuff  . 
0	had to wait until monday to fix it !  buy sony instead . 
1	the cards slide in and out of the top end and you can push from the bottom end . 
0	this coffee maker is made of very cheap plastic parts that break very easy . 
1	so i want another for a different area of my home . 
0	i always hung it to dry ,  so there is no excuse for that . 
1	had one before and used it until it wore out . 
0	it s a shame because as i said ,  the mascara really separates lashes beautifully . 
1	haven t tried panini sandwiches yet but that is next on the list . 
0	i also only use distilled water ,  and these work sooo well with it . 
1	you can always add less liquid to the large one . 
0	therefore ,  i bought a syma num_extend sold on amazon . 
1	looks great and fits in the frig well . 
0	but she did drip some on her shirt ,  and it wasn t clear . overall ,  i was pretty disappointed in this . 
1	four teenagers in the house so they are having fun experimenting with the recipes . 
0	the good news is that my brother s rottweiler loves it . 
1	i bought this and other less course versions to replace  non professional  micro planners . 
0	if thats what you want ,  you may like this . 
1	the lid also fits the num_num skillet so makes good for being universal . 
0	my reception is fine in both the am and fm bands ,  but recording is very hit or miss . 
1	i ve used this charger on a few trips and it works as advertised so far . 
0	product was no as expected ,  basically trash ,  but i guess i got what i paid for . 
1	the screen protector is also suceptible to moisture and then you got yourself weird splotches . 
0	when you upgrade to a new phone ,  this thing is no good to you . 
1	if not ,  then find a shop that sells fresh beans that will grind them for you . 
0	yes ,  guys ,  it rains often in seattle ,  and that s why safeco field has a retractable roof . 
1	it covers the phone well without adding much bulk to it at all . 
0	so ,  i guess you could say that my husband and i really like our coffee . 
1	but nice enough to leave out on your counter if you must . 
0	remember if you buy from amazon and it doesn t work you can always return it . 
1	this case has lived up to its standards from otterbox . 
0	direction stickers were marked on the wrong sides . 
1	mr coffee should advertise this machine more and use that music . 
0	this cook set is very thin and the food burns real easy . 
1	all my pans are all clad and love them and this is no exception . 
0	need for speed ,  on the other hand ,  turns into a rather frustrating experience . in short ,  this game sucks . 
1	this is a really great phone protector and just as good as any of the other high priced ones . 
0	dont think im some jerk ,  though ,  i loved this game at first . 
1	works great and does well at blending ingredients; especially for my biscuits . 
0	unfortunately ,  they still produce too much light for most uses . 
1	these measuring cups can go in the microwave and dishwasher ,  no problem . 
0	the other two brushes are also harder and shed a lot in comparison to the brushed purchased in store . 
1	and i used a lot of pulsing rather than continuous grinding or chopping . 
0	and yes ,  as others have mentioned ,  it slips around at lot . 
1	depends how much coffee i put into the filter . 
0	it seems they poured most of their budget into her creation and rushed everything else . 
1	i use this all the time !  only improvement would be to reverse the locking mechanism . 
0	this could just be an issue with crysis num_num and crossfire . 
1	just got these today in the mall and so far i really like them . 
0	after using a spatula ,  typically you will whack it on the edge of a pot to shake off excess . 
1	the bottom portion of the case fit poorly . 
0	i don t understand the great ratings on this . 
1	i also went to apple to see what cases they sell and recommend . 
0	the faster you press the more it sounds like an actual song . 
1	the crevice attachment was fine ,  but the combined brush and flat attachment was an odd configuration . 
0	the hardware is black ,  the washers should be black . 
1	use it all the time and enjoy it . 
0	ie set the camera down and let the actor run around until he leaves the room . 
1	i was somewhat skeptical when purchasing this item . 
0	yes ,  there was a motorcycle sequence ,  but you knew where the start was and where the end was . 
1	heavy ,  tight fit top ,  do not need much heat as cast iron conducts heat better with less energy . 
0	first ,  know that a little of this stuff goes a long way . 
1	the set is worth the cost ,  keeping two batteries moving is the way to go . 
0	the quests are fun and grouping is fun . 
1	a little heavy for a pocket but you can fit it there too if you need to . 
0	does not have any style after initial wear . 
1	fabulous ,  awesome product that was so worth the money !  . 
0	the pellets were whole and compact with very little dust in the package . 
1	my phone was indeed new ,  it was just extremely dusty and etc . 
0	this is one of those games that i had to put down and come back to out of boredom . 
1	i ve learned a lot ,  and have had fun . 
0	i thought i d be getting larger pieces . other than that ,  the pyrex is good quality . 
1	this is the right size for most people . 
0	every num_num seconds someone is telling you which way to go . 
1	she loves this brand and has not had any problems with it so far . 
0	ign . com gave this game a num_extend out of num_num also . 
1	i have recommended them to everyone i know !  . 
0	it said it was num_num volt yet on the volt meter it read num_num volts . 
1	this jar was such a steal at the price it was listed at . 
0	the older flight sims are great simply as you plug in a joystick and can fly . 
1	then i saw the reviews for the chef s choice num_num and took the plunge . 
0	at first i was able to snap it back together ,  but after two days the plastic broke completely . 
1	we can t say enough good things about it . 
0	this swiss chocolate is produced by kraft foods global . 
1	overall full value for money and a very good buy at this price . 
0	make no mistake ,  this model does suck down the juice . 
1	i got this in a timely fashion and seems to be worth the cost at this time . 
0	for an iphone with approximately % full battery ,  i am getting an incremental charge of %  i . e . 
1	we recently gave up our microwave ,  and the only thing i couldn t do without it was make popcorn . 
0	as a result ,  it simply will not fit into the slot . 
1	i purchased this for my husband and tried it and fits prefect so i bought one for myself . 
0	an xl is actually a m and it s made of some rubber band like stuff . 
1	and at this low price ,  if you dont buy them you should sleep on a bed of nails . 
0	its homepathic ,  which means they dilute the salt until basically its pure water . 
1	it then came in handy when i had to portion num_num servings of cream cheese . 
0	all the glitches i stated were playing the game normally and using cheats doesn t have any affect on it . 
1	the num_extend fry pan is great for single servings of fried rice or pasta with vegetables . 
0	it looks awkward but is actually more comfortable than the xbox controller . 
1	i do not like the plush looking microfiber ones .  .  .  . they don t perform the same way . 
0	one is that the velcro will not stay latched . 
1	i only use these for special occasions ,  not every day . 
0	if i had ordered a num_num instead of a num_num i might have been okay . 
1	has authentic fiesta ware markings on the bottom . 
0	but there s no practical way to get it to release to lower the game . 
1	huge capacity ,  charges ipad phone at same time . 
0	i want to alert potential buyers to a serious problem i had with this case s power supply . 
1	i like the reverse feature on the grind setting . 
0	i have decided to just pay to have watch bands adjusted . 
1	a neighbor noticed it and asked to borrow it for bringing baked beans to a potluck . 
0	the color are super cute and colorful which i love . 
1	most of the time i am just using it to hook up to a computer to charge . 
0	once i stopped using it my skin cleared up and looked fine . 
1	can t state how durable these pans are ,  but just baked some chocolate cookies with white chocolate chips . 
0	i really wanted a superior product and there prices seems fair ,  checked out reviews and made purchase . 
1	the delonghi num_extend is an excellent value and quality for the price . 
0	your boobs won t just flop around ,  they ll look freaky . 
1	filtered the coffee and at a reasonable price when on sale . 
0	it sounds wonderful ,  but the actual experience was a letdown . 
1	my son broke my original cups ,  and i would only buy more pyrex cups to replace . 
0	this one falls apart and when we put it back together ,  it doesn t always spin right . 
1	the power button on it didn t line up properly . 
0	these dishes are great ,  we ve owned them for years . 
1	i like the pan and bought this new one for myself . 
0	our filter molds within a month ,  which means $ for a new one . 
1	but if you need a num_num or num_num mm tamper ,  this is a perfect buy . 
0	not at all what i expected from a quality company like step num_extend
1	i have a couple of these that i use in my basement and garage . 
0	a beautiful color but a little too frosty for me . 
1	way more affordable than a keurig !  i love the reusable basket so i don t need to waste filters . 
0	my esthetician doesn t have to do as much pore extraction either . 
1	the paint finish seems a little on the low quality side ,  but is holding up okay for now . 
0	i tried and tired and tired to get it to work with no luck . 
1	cheesecloth works but it s messy when doing large amounts of stock . 
0	one was from a brittle stopper where the soap is dispensed . 
1	the balance and grip of these knives are as close to perfect as i have found . 
0	if your nose is not % dry ,  this will slip out . 
1	the case is comfortable in the hand ,  well designed and sturdy . 
0	i would recommend buying a different product and spending a bit more money . 
1	there is no on and off button ,  make sure you don t go too far away . 
0	the material is really hard and like i said narrow  : o  . 
1	in my experience  touch wood  ,  after using this machine about num_num times . 
0	most carpal tunnel braces have support in them to keep you from moving your wrists side to side . 
1	i verified that the device does not pull any current when a usb device is not plugged in . 
0	it also makes it difficult to use when the top is open as it doesn t fold under . 
1	it works seamlessly with any phone system and has a multitude of connection options . 
0	by contrast ,  this diet swiss miss from the sensible sweets collection is only num_num calories if made with water . 
1	the listening experience ,  in my opinion ,  is much better with a pair of headphones than speakers . 
0	i ended up needing two air pumps to operate it and it still wasn t working efficiently . 
1	the unique hanging design on the hook is clever too . 
0	today is the worst :  using it to siphon off fat from roasting short ribs ,  the plastic tube started melting . 
1	this one has great sound quailty and excellent fit for my ears . 
0	good luck getting topeak to replace the part . 
1	i liked the num_extend because of its price ,  and its features . 
0	also the tint of the color is way off for me  i m caucasian with an olive skin tone  . 
1	i bought this for my husband for a valentine s present this year . 
0	extremely disappointed and now am left cooking a brisket without a thermometer . 
1	i was looking for a small spring form pan so i could cook for two . 
0	i bought this from ross for like num_num bucks . 
1	the num_num watt champ cooking area is num_num square inches ,  or num_num watts per sq . 
0	it is a t strap in back but it does not have a hook to open the bra . 
1	the oxy brand has once again stood up to its  reputation !  !  . 
0	we loved the scent of this shampoo and we had used suave in various scents for many years ,  however . 
1	when it finally quit ,  i replaced it with a kitchenaid . 
0	but if you are a gamer who enjoys online game . 
1	i ve had mine since num_num and it is still going strong cranking out at least one pizza a week . 
0	i took mine back and got the cuisineart grind and brew . 
1	it very much reminds me of a sketching pencil  the heavier ,  graphite style ones  . 
0	when it is on sale i can get it for around num_extend for a num_num roll package . 
1	i basically use this instead of a wooden spoon now . 
0	this unit broke as well in the same manner but on a different carpet . 
1	wow !  wipes clean with just a wet paper towel ,  folks !  no scrubbing needed . 
0	i rinsed it off immediately and put some sensitive skin cream on it . 
1	my husbands fault on that not the product . so i highly recomend it . 
0	this is a nice case and works great . 
1	they arrived quickly and i am very happy with them . 
0	the removable ice trays are a great feature to keep moist food fresh . 
1	i used mine for num_num years before upgrading to samsung galaxy . 
0	yes we read the details on how to keep it properly seasoned . 
1	it s better if you use their brand of popcorn . 
0	i have been using cushion grip and fixodent ,  but wanted to try something new . 
1	i even bought the same food processor for my parents . 
0	i love the show but the game just doesn t do anything for me . 
1	what more does anyone want ?  i bought several and gave them to friends !  you can t go wrong . 
0	but boy ,  my hope was destroyed be it was way sweet and no creamy taste at all . 
1	it seems like the volume buttons may be off slightly ,  but they still work fine . 
0	memorex should pull this product off the shelves if they aren t going to legitimately support it . 
1	works great in dual phone mode as well . 
0	after a week i must question if the little bugs are alive in this product . 
1	i received genuine dirt devil bags with my order . 
0	the apple port will not charge a ipad num_extend it will only charge on the non apple port . 
1	i am now the owner of num_num sets; that is how much i love them . 
0	let me explain :  when you slam your opponent ,  her face is completely submeged in the mud . 
1	it is well made of decent materials and delivers a good pot of hot coffee . 
0	sorry ,  but this item was a dud ,  in my opinion . 
1	amazon doesn t sell this ,  but google it and you ll find the place that sells it  cellantenna corp .   . 
0	the dog lasted the longest ,  but it was hardly built to last . 
1	it became smelly and there was no way of getting it out . 
0	i did not give this product to my kids . 
1	when i wear these two out ill be buying another pack of these . 
0	i contacted the seller who was very helpful and sent me a new one out right away . 
1	i m sure it will fit someone else s need perfectly . 
0	the opening in this trap is very small and bigger mouse can t get in . 
1	the kind they make trash cans or rubbermaid containers out of ,  not the brittle kind . 
0	the graphics are a mere shadow of the pc version . 
1	my work sometimes takes me out traveling for longer trips and this works great for keeping my phone alive . 
0	the top was fine for the smaller ones ,  but it didn t work overall . 
1	let it settle a few minutes after you remove it from the heat . 
0	another ping against this product is that the ear loop is poorly constructed . 
1	this is my second purchase of this wonderful product . 
0	it is not as easy to figure out where to go for the  goals  . 
1	that just made more things to wash up . 
0	the plastic has annoying bubbles on the back of the case and they sometimes catch on things . 
1	the mount comes with two extra foam pads . 
0	in reviews people spoke of heavy peeling and nice skin tone after a while . 
1	the larger ones just get too heavy and take up too much space  also need a larger cutting board  . 
0	also ,  when the referee s count for the pin ,  they take an eternity . 
1	it was good to be able to purchase this set . 
0	i have tossed the one i didnt use . 
1	it is still great a great bluetooth headset . 
0	at num_extend it takes the ipad a really ,  really long time to charge . 
1	take your time aligning the piece in place . 
0	this is not an led light and the  light  is not at the end of the little tube . 
1	it is basically a honkin  big hunk of iron formed into a cooking utensil . 
0	i took the baby away from my daughter until recently . 
1	new droid has a fixed in place battery you can t replace or charge outside the phone .  .  . lousy improvement !  . 
0	now i have to go to the trouble of a return . 
1	i was looking for a covered saucepan made in the usa ,  and this one is quite satisfactory . 
0	much to my dismay ,  i could hardly get these on !  fabric is very very scratchy as well . 
1	basic front and back plastic screen protector ,  but for a great price . 
0	unfortunately ,  for a variety pack i didn t find a whole lot of variety . 
1	this scale has a removeble top for easy cleaning . 
0	this has stuff which is worth not more than $ and you can get all this from joanne s . 
1	the machine is loud ,  i dont care what setting its on ,  but it works well ,  thats what counts . thanks . 
0	don t make the mistake that i did with this game . 
1	we only realized later that amazon offered a much better deal !  . 
0	bought this for my num_num year old daughter s birthday . 
1	i am sure happy i tried this item ,  it is easy to use ,  no trouble and extremely helpful . 
0	this fleecy chewtoy was easily destroyed by my num_extend aussie within just a couple play sessions . 
1	the new sealing ring is a wonder all by its self when compared to the ones of the num_extend
0	they obviously never did ,  so it s quite possible . 
1	guess what will be under the tree wrapped just for her ?  . 
0	i don t feel like i m in control of my character . 
1	i have drop my phone several times ,  so far the case has protected it very well . 
0	i gave it to my daughter who said that it was  really weird shampoo  . 
1	i used it in my dorm room and now in my house . 
0	i f probably recommend it for tiny dogs but not medium sized ones or smart dogs . 
1	really is a service product ,  the curtain just glides along . 
0	they work well enough just sitting at my desk at work . 
1	i found out the only way to charge my iphone num_extend was to shut it down completely . 
0	had i received the item i ordered ,  the review would be higher . 
1	this is probably the best and safest case anyone can buy for their iphone num_extend
0	probably half a year and it will be useless . 
1	maybe its not a huge difference ,  more practice will tell . very good value for the money . 
0	the fabric and elastic is much thinner and cheaper now . 
1	the change to a horizontal display is great with the ability to dim or brighten it . 
0	it is a good thing the can is so small . 
1	for those folk who are opposed to a teflon coated unit ,  there are several num_num qt . 
0	the slide takes up nearly all the room ,  so they can t swim around ,  they can only sit . 
1	had been looking for this specific item as i had lost in moving my knife . 
0	this silva is useless after only a year or so . 
1	i gave this num_num stars because it is so much better than the original hard cover i had . 
0	i am not noticing any difference in my skin ,  either by look or feel . 
1	arrived in a damaged box ,  but no damage to product itself . 
0	this headset would have been nice ,  but absolutely no multipoint ,  will not connect to num_num devices at one time . 
1	literally ,  it couldn t cost more than num_num cents to produce . 
0	it was suppose to protect the phone which it did until it broke . 
1	it seems to not come apart so easily ,  as in previous versions . 
0	at first i thought it was awesome !  light weight and hydrating . 
1	had to make quite a few mini loaves in a small amount of time . 
0	when i purchased this product many years ago ,  it was an amazing device . 
1	the additional light included is nice but ive never used it . 
0	so ,  when i got the opportunity to review them ,  i was so excited to try them out . 
1	i bought this brand new for about $
0	i didn t find anything special about this product . 
1	who could ask for more ?  num_num protectors for pennies . 
0	my local bike shop swears by them so i had them installed . 
1	i bought one for under the kitchen sink and for each bathroom vanity . 
0	i slid it back on but that would not happen on a quality product . 
1	haven t had a chance to use it yet ,  but i m going to find a reason . 
0	the site said if none of the tips worked to call support . 
1	pair it withjabra eargels for aliph jawbone icon the thinkerthe jabra eargels and you have a winning combination . 
0	don t waste your money on this because it really isn t worth it . 
1	i like the clean look and pure white finish . 
0	the feel of it is terrible cheap ,  and the color rubs off on your hands . 
1	they would go mostly in ,  then the last bit would crumple up instead of going into the wall . 
0	i tried installing num_extend for num_num hours before i finally gave up . 
1	anyway ,  it works perfectly and it make wonderful bread . 
0	they were delighted !  reasonable shelf life and easy to store and prepare . 
1	its too early to tell if the update has fixed the freezing up problem or not . 
0	the halti generally came only in black ,  though colors could be found online . 
1	i love that i can be almost completely submerged in a bath with this thing . 
0	i found that it was always in the way . 
1	it fits my samsung galaxy num_extend phone beautifully . 
0	when i tried these on they were very long . 
1	they both work very well on my ipad ,  ipod classic ,  and ipod touch . 
0	upon pressing the button for releasing the spring and extending the gizmo s right arm ,  nothing happened . 
1	those giving poor reviews need to provide additional information ,  because clearly there are good batteries being sold . 
0	i had a previous one which finally gave out after num_num miles . 
1	i highly recommend this pricey but effective tool . 
0	i m not an athlete riding miles and miles or competing in long races . 
1	it s surprising what a big difference a good design can make . 
0	i never saw any mention of that until i had the packaging torn open . 
1	i got this for my son s dorm cooking and he is very happy with these tools . 
0	unfortunately ,  one of our nearest and newest neighbors detests and fears dogs ,  especially bigger ones . 
1	i just wish some of the bags were more generic to more cleaners . 
0	you can t see this product at all ,  it makes almost no color . 
1	this is my first iphone so i am enjoying ordering all different covers . 
0	quite honestly for $ i expected a significant upgrade compared with a mat costing $
1	the plastic stains very easily and is no longer transparent . 
0	overall rating :  poor !  i would advise renting first if you are a die hard fan . 
1	this orange case has an improved design on the side where the buttons are . 
0	i work from home and have one litterbox in my home office and another box in the laundry room . 
1	the crock can go from cooker to fridge and back to cooker . 
0	i don t like the way it mixes up . 
1	like what the description says ,  rice does not stick . also very easy to clean . 
0	i m not sure if i got the one bad one or if this is a regular problem . 
1	if you are an all day wearer though ,  i would take a look at that set over this one . 
0	good for a buck price . the colour layer on the case started leaving after couple of weeks . 
1	the handles are made with a rubberized coating so they do not slip out of the hands . 
0	i checked the reservoir and it was full ,  tried disassembling it and reassembling it ,  but to no avail . 
1	to my surprise the rubber gasket seals the inner plastic snap case fairly well . 
0	i m a huge fan of the resident evil series ,  but this game was a real dissapointment . 
1	otterbox defender cases set the standard for protecting iphones and other devices . 
0	was absolutely useless as i had fight to get it to make a connection every time i used it . 
1	i have num_num of these in the bathroom . 
0	it s total crap !  the lid doesn t stay on regardless of how hard we try to make it . 
1	this isn t my first ice tong ,  but i believe it may be my last . 
0	train yourself to resist dressing up on vacations . 
1	as i got older and really influenced by the food network ,  i decided to buy one . 
0	i would not recommend this as an effective way to kill flying insects . 
1	otherwise it really dries out the house too . 
0	i also ,  thought that panasonic still made quality . 
1	it does what it needs to do and works for me . 
0	my fingers are a little  well alot  chunky and i didnt like it . 
1	do yourself a favor and dont purchase the messermeister blade cover that comes up as recommended with this purchase . 
0	good job ea you are just causing what you tried to prevent . 
1	if you want a very very good knife and are looking for a great value ,  look at victorinox . 
0	first of all ,  the big bottle is only halfway full . 
1	i bought this vacuum after returning the windtunnel plus . 
0	i say  stackable  because they aren t really stackable at all .  .  . the slightest touch and everything falls off . 
1	this is the best screen protector i ve ever had . 
0	their customer service people tell you to get lost and contact the manufacturer . pos . 
1	pros :  filter does an excellent job ,  allergy symptoms greatly improved within days of regular use . 
0	i didn t pay close enough attention but this is not self retracting . 
1	it does a great job of opening cans . 
0	i even tried moving tvs around to test if it was the tv and no it was not . 
1	i ve owned one of these for more than num_num years and have given several as gifts . 
0	i am very dissappointed in the products i recieved but at least my money was returned with no problems . 
1	have to be a bit careful with it ,  and maybe avoid slicing really hard butter . 
0	it was very overpowering and required water almost immediately . 
1	the ear piece started falling apart but all in all it was a great buy . 
0	the biggest downside is that the oem lens cap won t fit snuggly . 
1	i got rid of all my teflon pans . 
0	i don t know how halo got this big of a buzz . 
1	everything you need to do your canning is here . 
0	i ended up buying a plastic bottle that is reflective of a hair dye container at target . 
1	they are easy to clean ,  don t stain easily  i . e . 
0	i believe if it cost maybe $ or less ,  i would feel better about it . 
1	i spend most of my live trying to keep it on the charger and work from bluetooth . 
0	far better than num_extend final four num_extend which i bought last year and was disappointed by . 
1	i ve had other cups where the lettering washes off after first use . 
0	i had to place the unit very close to my radio to get reception . 
1	small amount of input bounces around in scientifically designed chamber that amplifies it ,  making it louder . 
0	i have had other brands which tasted better . 
1	it fall to the floor countless times but could not survie the pool . 
0	the entire bottom end of the phone is covered . 
1	this knife makes me want to throw out my wustof chef knife . 
0	when you go in the sun ,  you cant see anything . 
1	after helping cook dinner ,  i realized i had to have one . 
0	i think that for piloxing the open toed socks would be better . 
1	the fault may lie in the recipe book . 
0	didn t fit  too tight  ,  and the shoe itself was too big . 
1	does a good job of slicing most any texture of cheese . 
0	the tool works for tightening the castle nut and forearm nut on my mossberg num_extend
1	the tabs are spring loaded so they spread out and the phone just clips in under pressure . 
0	the carafe has a tiny num_extend opening that doesn t allow for easy cleaning . 
1	so far ,  i have very little to complain about . 
0	there really isn t anything good in this game . 
1	i just bought it and have put it thru many lunches and dinners and its very durable . 
0	my num_num year old daughter bought this with her birthday money and it doens t work . 
1	makes it a bit awkwards to plug in a charger . 
0	but how you achieve that goal will differ substantially . players can still pass  go  to collect num_extend million . 
1	i gave in and purchased one ,  and was quickly disappointed . 
0	then really what are you left with ?  exhibition matches ?  no thanks thq . 
1	these aren t the most stylish things in our kitchen but they dont need to be . 
0	even at it s slow feed rate ,  this unit filled it bag every num_num minutes or num_extend
1	but this worked perfectly for me over the months . 
0	unless your screen is extremely dirty dont even bother with this . 
1	i use my mixer all the time ,  even for something as simple as making homemade whipped cream . 
0	i am usually very good at harder more complex puzzling games ,  but this one just pushes the limit . 
1	i really love this stylus ,  due to i have bad arthritis ,  and is really easy to use . 
0	bought this for my wife for a bit of spice in her undergarment arsenal . 
1	this is a great pizza stone for anyone interested in a great crust .  .  . both for breads and pizza . 
0	if you pretend to  .  .  .  commit crimes  ,  that is not a good thing . 
1	case looks sooo nice on my iphone num_extend get compliments all the time . 
0	it claims to get num_num and a half hours on one charge . 
1	the tanks are very easy to remove for emptying and filling ,  too . 
0	the normal version of the ipod is the best you can find . 
1	she needed some way to clean up fast ,  so her weekends could be more free . 
0	this was extremely harsh and actually made my acne worse . 
1	the perfect charger for people constantly on the go and hate having to have multiple chargers with them . 
0	stratego was introduced in the united states in the early num_extend
1	there are volume buttons on the unit however when using fm you have to control loudness through your car . 
0	all the small holes in the screen at the bottom of the washer were clogged . 
1	my wife suggested putting the partially ground up stuff back in and trying again . 
0	the num_num energizer batteries that were ordered in february num_num died in my watch the end of july . 
1	i also like the usb port on the side so it doesn t stick out from the wall so far . 
0	do yourself a favor and get the other  gray plastic  one amazon offers for around $
1	seems like i should not be excited about a charger but this one is great . 
0	tested lemon juice fresh from a lemon :  ph read num_extend
1	and since they live in other states ,  we got free shipping through amazon ,  too . 
0	i got a flash light and searched it over again ,  hoping i missed it . 
1	this is a very good bargain even based on discount stored . 
0	keep in mind that i dont dress trampy in anyway at all . 
1	the case is clear but has a nice concentric circle design on the back ,  centering around the apple logo . 
0	looks like the manuafactering of this blender has gone downhill or i had received a defective one . beware buyers . 
1	i think that % in the dishwasher did it in . 
0	her paws were still very sensitive to the cold weather and pavement . 
1	great for the kitchen and $ sturdy product that could easily hold a hammer it is so strong . 
0	i would not buy mr beer anymore and have googled other makers and have been happier . 
1	i just waited until amazon . com was selling this and pounced on it  due to the low price  . 
0	and microsoft s solution is not always the best possible ,  in terms of what is good for the customer . 
1	this is a must for any sprint galaxy s ii owner . 
0	it was fine for num_num weeks then it stopped clicking closed on the first push . 
1	very very sharp and it has great balance . 
0	this gives me a clear view of traffic behind and to my right . 
1	was simply looking for a replacement bluetooth device for my phone . 
0	second unit too had the similar packing but no damages . 
1	this is a real advantage for someone who has arthritis and smallish hands . 
0	i eat healthy choice most days for lunch and this one is the worst . 
1	this is a must have product for any serious cookie maker . 
0	also was weirdly big for my phone .  . like i had to kind of jam it into my phone . 
1	it arrived way before the due date which was a big surprise . 
0	after i bought this screen protector and received it . 
1	but once you put it in ,  it ll amaze you . 
0	get num_extend insteaddont believe me ?  watch this video and u will see how bad live is .   .  .   . 
1	first off i have to mention the other reviews that mentioned the plastic taste when using this product . 
0	though they re pretty similar in battle ,  the characters all display a different sort of fetish and they animate perfectly . 
1	not by much ,  but it still didn t fit . 
0	i have two large labs and keeping their yard ready for play has never been easier . 
1	another tool for the frequent cook who uses a lot of garlic . 
0	the graphics aren t great and most of the games require the child to know how to read as well . 
1	now ,  if i can only get this back from my daughter who has commandeered mine . 
0	we decided to change one out that is looking old and worn . 
1	do this under good light so you can see the dullness of the adhesive layer on the surface . 
0	the white chocolate part was mostly melted onto the wrapper leaving a brown bar of unrivaled tastelessness . 
1	it makes delicious coffee ,  and is simple to use and maintain . 
0	just a bunch of hooey to sell a cheap wallet . 
1	it suits what i need when i need to see things in a hurry without going to the internet . 
0	yes it is safe ,   metal wheels are not safe at all  ,  but it is not silent . 
1	i love this case so far !  its so cute and fits perfectly on my phone . 
0	first of all ,  these are really hard to apply . 
1	youl have to take the phone out of its case before you can use these items . 
0	some time ago ,  i bought num_num of these bras in black . 
1	my first was the original zojirushi ,  and the second was a breadman . 
0	if by positively radiant ,  aveeno means shininess ,  then this is the product for you . 
1	at home i have a backup alarm  which i was using it for already  . 
0	this case doesn t feel like silicone or rubber . 
1	i know they re expensive ,  but this is one of those things you pull out and give to your grandchildren . 
0	it makes a nice cup of coffee ,  but i m returning it because i did not get what was advertised . 
1	this product does exactly what you expect it to do . 
0	however ,  if something goes wrong ,  the  wizard  is useless . 
1	very handy when you travel to places where they still use cable net . 
0	i m going to try to take this back ,  but i bet i won t be able to do so . 
1	i bought this a christmas gift for my husband . 
0	a goodidea that just doesn t work very well . 
1	i don t know what it s made of ,  maybe aluminum ,  and has to be hollow to be so light . 
0	i prepared it three different ways hoping to find an acceptable preparation . 
1	stands behind it s products ,  even out of warranty . 
0	num_extend allows for virtually no cropping of enlargements . dumped mine a month after i got it . 
1	if there s one thing coffee lovers like myself like is fidelity of taste . 
0	just elimiate one person at a time until you have a winner . 
1	this is a great grill to have available on a very cold winter day . 
0	but for heaven s sake ,  buy a num_num cent lemon and do it yourself !  . 
1	i could not tell any different from the oem battery . 
0	it gets really old and tedious spending all that time sailing across an ocean . 
1	nice knives wish the handles were a bit larger but not really an issue . 
0	can not bring myself to give it as a gift as intended . 
1	great product and very functional ,  it comes out of the dishwasher as sharp as it went in . 
0	the wheels move freely and allow for a very mobile cage . 
1	i bought my thermometer about a year ago and have used it to cook beef and chicken to perfection . 
0	there is no wiping off ,  you have to machine wash after any use that involves a num_extend
1	overall it is a great dresser for the price but could stand to be a bit wider . 
0	i have to say ,  that when i first put this game in my num_extend that my disappointment was immediate . 
1	a lot of thought was obviously put into this product . 
0	the binoculars are heavy and basically useless without a tripod even if they weren t out of cullimation . 
1	for the price ,  it was an ok buy . 
0	it costs a little more ,  but save yourself the headache and just get one . 
1	i do like how smoothly and quietly the drawers open and close . 
0	it works intermittenly and will probably fail completely soon . 
1	we don t overheat it and we don t immerse directly into water when it is hot . 
0	one packet just doesn t cut it for one cup . 
1	i noticed some reviews that argue it could not be  pitting  ,  but so far ,  it seems fine to me . 
0	fortunately ,  amazon has the best refund and return policy in the world . 
1	he popped the battery back in ,  and ,  go figure ,  it still works .  .  .  .  eat your heart out ,  num_extend
0	there is no point in wasting your time or energy . 
1	my husband has been wanting something like this so i finally broke down and purchased one . 
0	worked for about num_num months and then just stopped working . 
1	i ve used a variety of saucepans ,  and usually go through one every two years or so . 
0	after reading all the reviews ,  i was excited to try this mascara . 
1	this is a life saver for anyone who drives . 
0	shavings are dusty and cause respiratory issues in ferrets . 
1	when i wake up ,  my neck isn t stiff and sore . 
0	i ll shop at the store for these jeans from now on . 
1	it does a great job and it is very easy to clean with a good brush . 
0	there is nothing fresh or real about these . if you are looking for something similar to fig newtons look elsewhere . 
1	based on that ,  i decided to switch to cast iron for the house and have a variety of skillets . 
0	so i thought this would be somewhat of a substitute . 
1	she likes this case a lot ,  and it s sturdy ,  and seems to be of decent quality . 
0	second time machine did not go on ,  it just died . 
1	looks sleek ,  well made and last for a long time . 
0	it takes over num_num hours to clone the large drives . 
1	we had the most difficult time getting the bluetooth to work with our phone . 
0	to use the software you have to tilt your head sideways . 
1	it can even sit on a flat surface to hold the phone steady . 
0	won t stay up on my chair and keeps flopping down . 
1	i like the texture and size of the bread it produces . 
0	first of all product didn t come in original package . 
1	yes ,  this product does it s jb very well . 
0	perhaps longer usage will yield even better results . 
1	but i m definately happy enough with this to buy again as gifts . 
0	the ones that were in this box were way too strong for me and to others . 
1	i ve been testing it out over the past few days ,  and so far i don t have any complaints . 
0	talk to a senior tech support person . install from cd . 
1	with the bluetooth i can also use it in the car as a speakerphone . 
0	this blender is so loud that you should probably leave the room when it is on . 
1	this cover fits and looks great and is very easy to take off . 
0	i bought white tights to wear underneath ,  but it made them uncomfortable to wear . 
1	this way ,  you won t risk scratching the screen protector . 
0	my primary concern is my back and neck . 
1	ikross even supplied a color matching microfiber carrying bag . 
0	all of them say i sound muffled or underwater . 
1	i have also used a mediabridge dual usb car charger putting out num_extend amps . 
0	had to return num_num different styles of this company s knee braces . 
1	i had one of these years ago but when my roommate moved he took it with him . 
0	i would not recommend that anyone purchase this . 
1	too big for my bluetooth which is why i bought it . 
0	not hammie ,  not meaty ,  just a salty rubbery texture . 
1	they are large enough to store good amount of food and they are so easy to clean . 
0	this was a huge fail for me ,  as i need access to my corp mail . 
1	i have used several types of popcorn machines including the very overpriced cuisinart machine  which i do not recommend  . 
0	the driver provided is not compatible with xp and caused system malfunctions . 
1	i was hesitate at first but when i received it i was very happy with the look . 
0	frustrating . i did weigh whether or not to try a replacement unit . 
1	this kit comes with everything you need to hook it up in your car or home . 
0	put a mirror to keep a look out in case some one sneak from behind . 
1	the clams also came out great without the mess . 
0	i still own most of these units except for this one .  .  . the joyo compressor . 
1	i charged both at the same time and it worked flawless . 
0	the graphics are ok and the good thing is the custom soundtracks because the games soundtrack sucks . 
1	it s a super cute book and ill be getting it for any other nieces that may come along . 
0	i think the unit we got was probably defective ,  so we returned it to amazon . 
1	love these because they allow me to dehydrate the peaches ,  pineapple ,  tomatoes i canned . 
0	it s greasy ,  oily ,  and if it worked ,  i d deal with it ,  but it does nothing . 
1	i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one . 
0	they look nothing like the old beef tendons . 
1	the cable sleeve started coming out and exposing the innards of the cable . 
0	just got it now have to send it back and order another one . 
1	i wanted a glass one because the separator this replaced was plastic and cracked . 
0	i would not recommend this unit for most computers as the battery is too small to provide reasonable runtime . 
1	i have birds ,  so i was afraid any fumes given off or potentially given off could kill my birds . 
0	they are obviously running out of new ideas for elmo . 
1	unless something is really wrong with measuring cups ,  i m not sure how much there is to say . 
0	no amount of rice or cleaning could save the dying motor . 
1	i saw this on sale and decided to pick it up and have been very impressed with it . 
0	i found a powdered product that works better . 
1	not the easiest to install with out bubbles but for protection they are great . 
0	you can buy replacement balls for $ a pack ,  but that s half the cost of the elephant itself !  ridiculous . 
1	i make coconut butter with coconut chips  or flakes  . 
0	i m more into floral and berry scents like victoria s secret . 
1	the capresso makes a pretty darn good shot also . 
0	using the moon dough is scary and messy . 
1	it cleans up effortlessly ,  and i can press two to three cloves at once without issue . 
0	this set was a last minute add on to my sons christmas kitchen set up . 
1	didn t have to print out a return label . 
0	but you will have to do your own bent bolt handle inlet on the boyd s stock . 
1	i ll preface by saying i didn t by this oxo palm brush on amazon ,  but at target . 
0	it might work for some but not mine . 
1	this is a fine device and the amazon price cannot be beat . 
0	not happy about the center stone at all . 
1	i have a lot of other wires going every which way ,  so its handy because it stretches far . 
0	the waist isn t the size the size chart says . 
1	either go to your local bean master or shop around on line .  .  . experiment .  .  . it s part of the fun . 
0	i had the same issue with some sunflower seeds i bought recently ,  they expired before baseball season even started . 
1	this is why i took off a one star . 
0	okay :  i haven t ever actually tasted packing peanuts . 
1	and i always forget to set it out in time for it to soften before a meal . 
0	this car is cute until you give it to a child to play with it . 
1	and add salt of course if you like .   it s great for healthy snacks . 
0	the spices which were supposed to be present . 
1	maybe i didn t read the description throughly but it is plastic . 
0	i bought two big containers and he won t touch it !  i ended up giving it away . 
1	they are softer than any towel i ve ever owned ,  yet also more absorbent . 
0	my son just turned num_num year old ,  and he got this as a christmas present . 
1	he races to the kitchen just to play with it . 
0	this thing is a disaster . finally ,  enough with the specialized lids and sneaky valves . 
1	besides ,  i have never seen a stainless facia that was so succeptible to difficult to clean fingerprints . 
0	used a few times and forgot which corner it s just sitting in . 
1	the case was shipped fast and was well protected . 
0	it has a very strong light penetration and lasts long . 
1	i love these lids for wide mouth jars !  so convenient for storing dry goods like chickpeas and rice . 
0	i have to say this was a lovely and soft mat . 
1	if i was to complain at all about the unit ,  it would concern the cleanup . 
0	but still ,  bad design  easy to over tighten bolts and snap the plastic  . 
1	i have not yet used the processor as of today . 
0	when i tried to get my phone out ,  it was stuck . 
1	i replaced them with these closed loop with rollers and now the rollers slide over the transition much easier . 
0	i recommend kotex tampons instead of the tampax pearl . 
1	well ,  i own an htc evo num_extend and the response is great . 
0	it suited it s purpose ,  but such a sharp tip i wouldn t leave them unsupervised with it . 
1	piece of cake .  .  . uh .  .  . apple pie !  do not hesitate to buy one !  . 
0	it did not even smell like a new shower curtain type of smell as i d expect . 
1	i have a hard plastic case for my iphone num_num that i prefer . 
0	i have installed it on three systems ,  windows num_extend xp ,  and num_extend
1	that could be my issue . if you need a good charger for a cheap price . 
0	i like the creaminess of cappuccino when ordered at a coffee shop . 
1	this case is very nice looks good and feels good . 
0	there was nothing memorable about anyone in my party . battles felt like ffx but without the fun . 
1	the fryer is well built and the pot is also strong . 
0	so i took one star off for bad description ,  and one star for charger not being turning off . 
1	some of the newer samsung phones have massive batteries that come with num_extend chargers . 
0	funny note :  i sent the phone to my sister in a rural area ,  and she get s slow internet connectivity . 
1	i bought this in december num_extend expecting like most stuff it wouldn t get me through winter . 
0	might as well take your num_num bucks somewhere else . 
1	otterbox makes excellent cases and this one is no exception . 
0	made terrible noise when plugged and unplugged into new imac . 
1	found it on clearance in target for only $
0	good luck to us all who put our money and faith into second hand material . 
1	amazon had the best price i could find online . 
0	then ,  i figured that since whs is based on server num_extend it shouldn t hurt anything . 
1	it s just way too bulky for my comfort . 
0	one reviewer said that went away after a while . 
1	it s not % even if it s been in the charger for a few days . 
0	it also helps the skin shed dead skin cells  that cause pores to become clogged  num_extend
1	the opening needs to be a little wider . 
0	it is a real performer and it comes with attachments as well . 
1	i really love this case !  it is stylish and easy to put on . 
0	this one has a tie to keep the computer to the handlebar . 
1	this is the perfect bluetooth headset so far . 
0	stay away from it and play better games . 
1	this is a very good size for a college dorm wall . 
0	it simply fails to do what it is meant to do . 
1	i would definitely wait till the iron is cooled down before placing back in the holder . 
0	sorry biore  ,  for me ,  these strips were a flop . 
1	the color was the perfect cherry color ,  matching all my real cherry wood furniture . 
0	i am reading lots of bad reviews on these pigtails . 
1	this is so easy to use ,  just peal ,  twist and you have minced garlic . 
0	if you enjoy lots of build up with sudden aggravating let downs then this is the game for you . 
1	for future devices i suggest using rubber finish that was used on the bottom on the top as well . 
0	so i pretty much go with what tastes real good . 
1	these bowls are just the right size for deserts ,  dips ,  soups and appetizers . 
0	oh wait but let me review this though . 
1	i was not familiar with this brand until i bought a piece at a local store . 
0	wood is splintering before they were even washed !  blades rusting ,  rivets coming loose . 
1	oh and its orange which i like way better than the plain white ones . 
0	but the seller here  armygear  should have probably stated that this alice pack smelled of anus and throwup . 
1	i didn t really need a new set of measuring cups ,  but i m glad i got these anyway . 
0	the commercial on tv is so cute but a big waste of money . 
1	as long as you follow your directions to the  t  ,  it will last probably for generations . 
0	it is actually rather cuddly ,  which is saying something for a robotic dog . 
1	it steams potatoes perfectly ,  as well as many other types of vegetables . 
0	but then i guess you wouldn t see the dude transform . 
1	my slicing time has improved !  i can only highly recommend this after a couple years of use now . 
0	my mom also tried this ,  and the same result .  .  .  . she said it was not for her either . 
1	my grandson was thrilled to get this mixer and says that he uses it frequently . 
0	i cannot tell much ,  if any difference in the felt recoil since installing this buffer . 
1	its not clystal clear sound but no issues . 
0	i remember shelling out the money to buy this product ,  like the ignorant fool i was . 
1	the magnet is strong ,  never had it open on its own . 
0	the tote doesn t close with buttons ,  zipper ,  etc so therefore you can t even keep the items in the bag . 
1	it will take a long thin bristle brush to clean the trough . 
0	the texture was that of very soft styrofoam packing peanuts . 
1	there s a lot of options for bath faucet covers ,  but few for drain lever covers . 
0	we ll see how tough the customer service routine is to get a replacement . 
1	you do need a bottle washer or pipe cleaner to get the gunk out of the spout . 
0	it also ,  exfoliates skin to give the illusion it has lightened dark spots . 
1	with these new guys all problems with epic went away . 
0	the shoes were too small in the width . 
1	it isn t much ,  others have been worse ,  and this seems to be normal of steam cleaners . 
0	after going through all my reviews on amazon ,  i ran across this product that i ordered awhile ago . 
1	this small sized frame is perfect for doing crossstitch and embroidery . 
0	the pitching and batting stances are nice ,  but these images are just a small part of the entire game . 
1	it was the perfect size for my daughter s samsung phone . 
0	this came and it s not nearly as soft as i thought as it almost has a waxy feel . 
1	doesnt protect much but holds on my arm well . 
0	it is also a known skin irritant and contact allergen . 
1	i used a little gorilla glue to keep the legs on . 
0	although i tried to get her interested quite a few times ,  she never liked it . 
1	i bought this after my regular electric knife went kaput over easter ,  and the  backup  failed me as well . 
0	it doesn t charge my phone  or my girlfriend s phone  . 
1	the neutral colouring means they will look good in almost any kitchen or living room . 
0	in tight pockets the case can easily come off to a certain degree . 
1	its a plain black soft case that fits the num_extend
0	it does seem that your review means more to this company then anything else . 
1	i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better . 
0	by the time i had received my third pair in bad condition  second exchange  ,  i d given up . 
1	i have no doubt that i could easily be using this num_num years down the road . 
0	the new formula ,  which is no longer made in the u . s . 
1	sound is good and the connection is strong from quite a distance . 
0	what a shame because it is good tasting ,  what little we get from one bag ,  but too frustrating . 
1	my daughter collects henckels four star series and had asked for this particular knife . 
0	if you expect it to cut off automatically you will have gas everywhere . 
1	only needed it to charge my iphone in my car due to the charger that got did not fit . 
0	it is now loose in the metal housing . 
1	we ve taken it off and on a couple times now and it hasn t broken yet . 
0	it s not worth affecting my eyesight to improve the growth of my eyelashes . 
1	it is strong and solid and totally lived up to my expectations . 
0	it is sour and salty taste and i cannot grow accustom to eating it . 
1	we use our brita pitcher all day long . 
0	it s frustrating for me; i can t imagine how a child would feel . 
1	it takes a while to get a cup of ground cheese graded . 
0	however ,  it looks so fragile that i can t keep it out of plastic bubble wrapping . 
1	i gave this as a gift to my aunt who loves wine . 
0	i will probably send this disaster back for a refund . my bike is a diamondback wildwood comfort bike . 
1	and it does not take up much of a footprint on the counter . 
0	i ended up having to glue everything to get it to stand . 
1	you want a light coating of grease but not too greasy . 
0	i m pretty experienced with self tanners ,  have been using them for years and i know all the techniques . 
1	however ,  you have to press the button on the scala after picking up incoming calls . 
0	my hair started to thin in my num_extend and so i tried different hair supplements  gnc and andrew lessman  . 
1	i do use it for other thing beside rice . 
0	did not like the taste of it ,  back to the other brand i get at my local winn dixie . 
1	there is nothing i can criticize . i previously got the body glove case which had a kickstand . 
0	you only have num_num spaces in which you can forward ports . 
1	i ended up sticking a small pad on it to make it easier to press . 
0	sorry kitchenaid i hope you read this your product sucks . 
1	this is the same charger that came with the razr num_extend phone . 
0	so there just isn t any excuse for the ridiculously slow graphic performance i got . 
1	this is a nice size for a small meal for two . 
0	when i pour ,  the brew plops everywhere but in the glass . 
1	they came packed nicely and i was able to get free shipping when i ordered num_extend
0	the battery life is terrible even with minimal use and it seems to have slowed down a lot . 
1	very sturdy and well built  hard to believe it s the same company  . 
0	the graphics on ea are just so much better ,  not to say ea is perfect . 
1	charging your phone all the time is bad for the battery ,  and this does just num_extend
0	when amazon had pulled the product for investigation ,  and then cleared it for sale again ?   . 
1	i don t have any real issues with this unit except the volume . 
0	keep repeating the same mission until you pass it  . 
1	a little dust has somehow migrated through the openings into the case . 
0	the straps were as snug as i could safely make them . 
1	my fiancee makes awesome guacamole in it and i ve made some great pastes with garlic and spices . 
0	my powder shades ,  cream shades ,  liquid shades all crease dramatically when i use this . 
1	the inline volume control and mute is nice ,  although a bit large and heavy . 
0	very scary ,  he could not move or get out of it . it is now in the trash . 
1	i can pair it up though with a bluetooth widget i have on my home screen . 
0	plastic is flimsy and distorts when food is pushed through causing irregular cuts . 
1	i just made good use of the amazon promotion . 
0	the only fluff left was in the side bolsters . 
1	perfect fir long road trips ,  or just commuting . 
0	i haven t seen any reduction in split ends at all . 
1	that what happens when you give a phone to a teenager . 
0	this has a pearl to it and it doesn t come out white enough unless you cake it on . 
1	it seasons itself and doesn t require heavy scrubbing or cleaning . 
0	i think as they always for most part manufactured non smartphones ,  they never really handled very good hardware complaints . 
1	this wonderful pot is a cross between a dutch oven and a large heavy skillet . 
0	didn t the developers play this thing before they shipped it ?  totally wierd . 
1	the cleaning brush does not move ,  so you have to the extra work . 
0	how many poles do you find that size ?  pretty much zero . 
1	if you are serious about canning then get this serious canner . 
0	haven t found any mixes that are good . 
1	this is designed for perfect grinding of almost anything in the kitchen . 
0	i have previously only experienced sticker shock when shopping for a car or electronics . plus ,  pleasing to the eye . 
1	fit to the ear is very soft and secure . 
0	indoors if the player and headset are within num_num inches of each other it is almost  almost  bearable . 
1	what s to review ?  this is a simple num_extend dc power dongle . 
0	i tried the salmon and crackers meal and i m not impressed . 
1	makes a very impressive cookie or pie crust that is deceptively num_extend
0	we returned the pillow and gave ace back his old one . 
1	this is really a great holster for the iphone . 
0	and really ,  i don t see how this game was so  evolved  over earlier fpss like doom or quake . 
1	we set the stop watch on my phone while watching tv . 
0	i continued on until i reached another apartment building that looked exactly the same . 
1	the lip is helpful for pouring out batter too . 
0	if i wanted a big red bulky bird phone ,  i would have looked at red ones ,  not blue . ugh . 
1	you must beware of sharp points for holding items and the peeler blade is razor sharp . 
0	i have been do in fabric art for decades ,  i know what i am doing . 
1	i have been using this holster for my apple iphone num_extend for almost a month . 
0	the connection between the rotors and the powerful motor are all flimsy plastic and break easily . 
1	i purchased her first iphone and got this case for protection . 
0	$ for a $ bundled set of electronics . 
1	don t hesitate to try this great little gem . 
0	but it s still fun to fly around with a few mates and blow things up . 
1	a screen protecetor would have been cool but can t ask for everything . 
0	but that s the only good thing i have to say about them . 
1	we bought it because our krups started making lousy coffee and then ,  one day ,  i broke the carafe . 
0	because of this i m really into trying different flavors ,  intensities ,  etc . 
1	without the extended battery ,  the lg revolution did not last half a day with normal  i . e . 
0	the rope itself was a very low grade inflexible plastic . 
1	 acutally cast iron is the only way to make good cornbread .   i use the num_num for single burgers . 
0	i hurried to my office and flipped over the router and there it was ,  num_extend on the bottom . 
1	they are nice and heavy and take to engraving well . 
0	if you want to experiment with equalization ,  its good and cheap . 
1	this item is available from several different sellers . 
0	velcro was not trimmed or padded at edges ,  so rubs on foot . 
1	we have given up trying to use it ,  the advantage being that it is easier to clean . 
0	like so many other reviewers here ,  i cut myself several times with this . 
1	way better than the built in tamper in the espresso machine . 
0	so ,  i ve got a used item from adorama again . 
1	it was a great unit and we hated to have to replace it . 
0	this product is not perfected in my opinion . 
1	dropped my phone while this case was on it ,  no harm done . 
0	apparently this is the chemical component meant to sooth the cat . 
1	the rings make each of the muffins the same shape and size . 
0	these mini battery chargers do work ,  but they are extremely slow . 
1	this case fits the bill in all aspects . 
0	i guess it just goes to show ya get watcha pay fer . 
1	not too shabby considering a new mop costs that much . 
0	the only reason i did not give it one star is the voice . 
1	the tablet is in a protective case and gets minimal damage . 
0	this game is boring and doesnt give you that excitement of zombie movies . 
1	got this num_extend battery pack for a backup power for my iphone and ipad . 
0	it began about num_num months in ,  with an occasional crash and rebooting .  .  . which just continued to get worse . 
1	it does exactly what it is supposed to . 
0	ubisoft deliberately released a game after putting absolutely no effort into making it interesting . 
1	takes the place of a ruler when measuring dough cuts . 
0	it takes longer to incorporate the flour ,  and spills are actually more likely . 
1	if they re tight for fridge storage ,  just run a little hot water on them ,  and they relax a bit . 
0	only a token portion of the software loaded ,  enough of a token to keep render the card useless . 
1	it has many features and i am still discovering new ones . 
0	your reception will be based on the location of your router and receivers . 
1	it also does not turn on by itself like his last one . 
0	previous norelcos that i have owned ran at much higher speeds and cut far more efficiently . 
1	i have purchased a number of screen protectors over the past several years . 
0	i have to preface this by saying i m not a nut person . 
1	i teach in an elementary school and find this timer really useful in the classroom . 
0	i did not have any luck with this sterilization pen . 
1	no matter ,  i use these at the gym or in the car . 
0	that said ,  if anyone knows where i can get a metal crate pan ,  please reply to this post . 
1	i recommend this product to protect any john boos board . 
0	some people might like this ,  but i thought it was too big . 
1	not so stylish but for the price i like the looks and protection . 
0	nice backside coverage ,  but i also did not like the feel of the straps . 
1	it turns out that they were even tight on my hands and mine are smaller than his . 
0	the glasses look fine ,  but the frame was bent and the lens popped out the first day . 
1	i like the item and should perform as designed . 
0	i never removed any of the other dishes to see if any others were broken . 
1	love these cases got one for myself and my husband one of my best buys . 
0	i tried this a few years ago as a teenager ,  when i had some acne . 
1	this will help your skillet to last longer and you will eat less teflon . 
0	i contacted armitron and they basically said  too bad send it back to amazon} . 
1	i usually scrub it a little and put it in the dishwasher . 
0	i had to take some pain killers to finally get to sleep but not much sleep . 
1	a few days of practice solves this issue . 
0	this product has awful support for windows nt . 
1	also ,  i hope in a near future to have an opportunity to test one of their premium num_extend models . 
0	mine was broken when it arrived to me and it was broken inside the sealed factory package . 
1	simply plug the plastic top into your num_extend headset jack until you need it . 
0	but it wasn t cheap ,  so i really may go through ll the trouble !  . 
1	keeps the temperature constant for making yogurt ,  or germinating brown rice . 
0	i never had this happen with the android  , guess i was lucky . 
1	the finish around th edges is a bit rough but does not cause any issues . 
0	i bought this because it was natural thinking it would have a nice orange smell . 
1	i wish it had more space in those vertical compartments . 
0	civilization ii is my all time favorite computer game . 
1	the guidance for baking makes it sound like ir is faster . 
0	this is nothing but a pair of handmade pair of thin booties . 
1	my husband is a truck driver he bought this set for driving down the road . 
0	the handle ,  when slick with grease from the turkey ,  is nearly impossible to hold . 
1	i gave one to my friend and he loves it as well . 
0	these are made of plastic and would not thread into my ar . 
1	as everyone has said ,  it s expensive ,  but it makes perfect rice every time . 
0	i wouldn t waste my time on this product . 
1	please not that this model is one of the only ones recommended for smooth top range use . 
0	as it turns out ,  it is virtually the exact same game . 
1	sometimes things get purchased ,  and after the newness wears off they become dust collectors . 
0	one of my favorite things about the cd player is the title ,  artist and album listing on the screen . 
1	so i gave it num_num stars because it worked fine ,  but it wasn t anything special  for pizzas  . 
0	i have tendinitis which prevents me from using a mouse on the right side ,  even though i m right handed . 
1	i got this ice cream maker with my new kitchenaid mixer . 
0	if you don t want your screen to scratch ,  take good care of it ,  because these won t help . 
1	it is amazing !  i recommend this for any cook !  . 
0	or there is always a little microplane grater at a much lower price ,  which works wonderfully . 
1	i m into prosumer level dslr photography and  iphoneography  . 
0	in my view ,  there are many other superior rpgs out there that should be first on your list . 
1	bravo anker i will continue to buy any product with an anker logo . 
0	i was able to get num_num days out of this case before it broke . 
1	white was the only choice and these items work well with my new dish set . 
0	the range is very short ,  and they create loud popping noises as you walk around . 
1	my solution ,  a three dollar plastic pitcher from the grocery store which i keep full with filtered cold water . 
0	you must apply some oil or the eggs will stick . 
1	coffee machine that i have since the target had the same model on display to test the fit . 
0	but the thing is gone in seconds as the milk chocolate melts . 
1	i would purchase this product again from the same vendor if the need arose . 
0	the targeting reticles blow and the gunfights in the game are mediocore . 
1	it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped . 
0	i would not order from this seller again . 
1	this has good capacity ,  and the sieve on top does work great . 
0	the product does not provide the required voltage to charge the phone . 
1	of ground beef ,  a double batch of hamburger helper ,  or num_num small chicken breasts . 
0	i recently purchased num_extend num_num gal aqueon aquarium sets ,  with everything needed to get started . 
1	the grease will separate as it heats  just like melting butter or lard  . 
0	i was informed by the post office that it appeared the label was obtained but package never shipped . 
1	it s stainless steel ,  so it s dishwasher safe ,  and it doesn t react to acidic foods like tomatoes . 
0	the top has my speaker ,  camera and a couple other sensors you don t want to cover . 
1	i use these and the pour spout lids constantly !  . 
0	don t wear this to work for the love of god . 
1	and it does ,  with respect to these bowls . 
0	not only it s a zipper but it s way behind next to your body . 
1	i tried out several pans before making a decision . 
0	we went back to corn husk and never should have switched . 
1	was so wonderful to have a new battery for my phone . 
0	a large portion of the corner cracked and broke off after i dropped my phone once . 
1	we rinse it .  .  . and then scrub it using a toothbrush with some dish soap on it . 
0	i followed all directions :  fill half way ,  pump num_num times ,  hold upright ,  release pressure when not in use . 
1	it really felt like it gave my phone good protection and didn t make it to bulky . 
0	i thought it was a special product for the nintendo wii . 
1	it processes food very well ,  leaving no chunks unprocessed ,  thanks to the design of a low spinning blade . 
0	if you didnt like the firt halo dont buy this because it is even stupider . 
1	i consider myself a very heavy coffee drinker and i brew a double espresso daily in the morning . 
0	i still prefer the original salon formula humectress if i can ever get it again . 
1	she loves purple and the look of this case fit the bill . 
0	my num_num year old was so excited when he opened this but it doesn t work well . 
1	my product came with four different sieves allowing for four differing sizes of cut . 
0	then it began to stop blowing at random intervals until i tilted the hairdryer in different directions . 
1	with this baby you turn it on and it will suck everything down . 
0	very comfortable ,  very good noise isolation on these supra aural cans . 
1	so buy one ,  and use it while you can . 
0	asking for a new one and will try again . 
1	i fried a chicken using two burners on my stove top and it turned out great ,  no sticking . 
0	the game boy advance is both graphically and performance wise better than the mega drive in every respect . 
1	i put on on my sons phone and is has survived so far . 
0	i am not a fan of these lemon cookies . 
1	don t blame the protector is you get a bubble it just happens . 
0	if it was rubber ,  or a stronger plastic it would be a better product . 
1	the family will eat more healthy fruit when it is visible and available . 
0	so this stuff is totally a greasy ,  waxy film that never quite sinks into your skin . 
1	it s tomato season and they need to be sharp for that !  . 
0	if you pick any fruit ,  other than the apple ,  you get a lot of extra points . 
1	the prep num_num is perfect for all but the largest families . 
0	now it is broke and does not work . 
1	this is one really good looking hook ,  and sturdy too . 
0	if you eat this dip everyday ,  you would have high blood pressure for sure . 
1	i really am very pleased with these pitchers and would definitely recommend them . 
0	this is the poorest design i have seen in num_num years of gaming . 
1	its a long plastic thing that looks like an iud and a filter packaged in a white plastic wrap . 
0	i have gone through num_num of them in num_num months !  and i m easy on my phone . 
1	i am using the cooker for about num_num years now and so far everything is going fine . 
0	it was only a month or so and before the left channel failed . 
1	simply hold the outer rim in place on the jug and turn the inner dial clockwise to seal . 
0	after reading the ingredients i completely regret purchasing it and feel just awful for feeding it to my dogs . 
1	i set the rival to  a  for a lower temperature cook . 
0	they cost too damned much to accept that . 
1	you won t go wrong here ,  it s plenty big for a pizza . 
0	the quality of the speakers appears to be excellent . 
1	it also has an upholstery attachment but haven t tried that yet . 
0	also ,  the prong can touch the metal body of the power strip ,  creating a spark . 
1	by dying ,  i mean ,  forgetting to charge it . 
0	the num_extend is spektrum s best radio overall ,  price considered . 
1	this is a good price for a num_num ounce sized measuring cup . 
0	not a good feeling once you take it off . 
1	for me ,  it s an inexpensive solution to keep my phone going as long as i need it each day . 
0	it was hideously obvious and that is definitely not what i wanted . 
1	i have a traditional porcelain sink with curvy walls and bottom . 
0	this toy in no way stands up to powerful chewers . 
1	ive found it is easier to just take it all the way out . 
0	my num_num year old who is barely wearing size num_extend can barely get them on . 
1	i bought this device primarily for use with my iphone during extended bike rides . 
0	pros :  this material feels great on your bare feet . 
1	i bought a silicone pan for baking breads and sprayed the death out of it prior to using . 
0	i ve ordered two of these ,  based on the great reviews and regret it . 
1	they aren t too bad but they are a little more sensitive to motion than my last camera phone . 
0	i ordered it on arpil num_extend and it arrived in a timely manner . 
1	takes a drop without any noticeable damage to the phone . i will be buying otterbox for future phones . 
0	despite that ,  the printer port did ,  in fact work . buy this only if you can t find a better option . 
1	bought this cover for my hubby s phone ,  was looking for something that is not bulky and live longer . 
0	then it became more than a pain  for us parents  than a pleasure . 
1	it charges the phone and connects to line in input of my stereo . 
0	this kind of defeats the purpose of a food processor in my book . 
1	amazon jacked the price right up on me wah !  i bought it anyway . 
0	i just bought a $ analog sw radio which is vastly more sensitive . 
1	reliable ,  original retail accessory shipped promptly . indicator light and large  long  tip . 
0	usually it is the consistency of cream of wheat maybe a little less watery . 
1	take your time and keep track of all your screws . 
0	fortunately ,  the rush num_num has rigid and insulating materials . 
1	we use this item every week to dry our home made pasta and it saves it from getting disturbed . 
0	i also don t like the smell of deva products ,  so that factored into my low score as well . 
1	if you are like me and need reading glasses ,  you will need them to read this dial . 
0	it was not an instant set up hut like the mickey one and the hut from her birthday . 
1	but at three dollars ,  just buy three of them . 
0	and a num_extend falls constantly out of it with the slightest movement . 
1	i like the size as it is good for pastries and stuff . 
0	my husband and i researched a variety of breadmakers . 
1	i would be careful if putting a screen protector as well . 
0	i was quite surprised when they were some of the worst blades that i ve ever used . 
1	these are for the boyscouts for when they go camping and use the cast iron skillets !  . 
0	i hadn t done anything abusive to it at all . 
1	the only improvement i would recommend would be it it had handles . 
0	my opinion is that the kimber slide release is far superior to the wilson combat product . 
1	she could and did peel apples do the skin came off in one long sheet . 
0	but for the rest of us ,  crap on that . 
1	i have had no trace of rust nor odors from the container . 
0	i m usually a fan of lee products ,  being cheap and effective ,  however they crossed the line with this one . 
1	color me seriously impressed ,  and for that ,  i award the fifth star !  however ,  i can t fault the bowl for usefulness . 
0	it actually takes longer for us to pack it up  or to set it up  than to play it . 
1	it s a good set ,  nicely priced and heavy . the only thing i don t care for are the lids . 
0	i have stubble a few hours later like always ,  so it doesn t help reduce shaving . 
1	so far i have yet to be disappointed . 
0	i used betty crocker s vanilla cake mix ,  three very ripe bananas ,  and some chopped walnuts . 
1	both snap out of the machine very easily and clean just as easily . 
0	i think this is what really freaks my son out . 
1	the crust comes out brown and crispy ,  and the toppings perfectly browned and melted . 
0	not only did they fail but they failed miserably . 
1	my displays proved to be accurate ,  requiring little to no tweaking of controls  which are digital buttons ,  not dials  . 
0	i can t return them since the tire is practically falling apart . 
1	i haven t used the griddle side because i am not a pancake fan . 
0	wish i could find one with a different clipping mechanism on amazon . 
1	the black and decker turns its plate off after two hours ,  the cuisinart s is programmable . 
0	of the five products this is what i was most excited about . 
1	i own four other kitchen aid appliances that i use very regularly ,  they have all lasted me for years . 
0	this is about like looking through the bottom of a green beer bottle . 
1	and for the cost ,  that would have been a nice thing to add . 
0	i was using them on the roads for a few months and they were great . 
1	the control panel for the microwave features is uncomplicated and easy to set . 
0	while this headset is unique and quite sleek ,  i can t say too many positive things about this . 
1	the reading is given within about num_num second . 
0	if you want a smaller area ,  fold the blanket . 
1	prior to purchasing this grill ,  he could not make a grilled cheese sandwich . 
0	do not trust your electronics or anything else you need to keep dry with this product . 
1	it s not the softest ,  but these aren t pillow cases ,  rather pillow protectors . 
0	when you play ,  it takes num_num sec after you press the button for the action to respond . 
1	the original blackberry curve num_extend is a pretty amazing device . 
0	i think the patch is on crack ! not worth the money !  !  !  !  . 
1	dropped my phone with the case a few times and it still sticks along with me with no problems . 
0	i wish someone had mentioned these things before i made the purchase . 
1	if you want the best ,  however ,  and space is not an issue ,  this will be the one for you . 
0	kind of bums your score when it doesn t recognize you voice . 
1	this proved to be a very simple screen protector to install . 
0	the gaming works and i get slightly better range . have not tried the vpn passthrough options for either device . final recommendation . 
1	great purchase and worth the money for the at home chef !  . 
0	i was forced to cut a few inches off my hair that was already shoulder length . 
1	i put my food on it ,  insert in the oven and then turn it on . 
0	what is depicted on the amazon item page is a standard num_extend airsoft magazine . 
1	i also like the fact that we were given the back protector as well . 
0	they are incredibly thin so offer nothing for padding . 
1	it s color correction is not adjusted as well as it could be ,  but overall it ain t bad . 
0	very watery ,  weak taste although it is also num_num calories and has high fructose corn syrup . 
1	heats up well . i am quite happy with it !  . 
0	far from such greatness as donkey kong or mario . 
1	its made just well enough to do what it does . 
0	as other reviewers have discussed here ,  this thing is absolutely worthless . 
1	actually ,  we dont need this to protect out phone . 
0	not sure if or why this phone does not work on att network . 
1	i was worried that this snap would press into my arm and be uncomfortable . 
0	i even purchased the lipliner ,  nude which is also hobbible . 
1	so the blade is a hair longer than advertised .  .  .  . big whoop . 
0	this drink contends to be a natural alternative to soda . 
1	battery lasts longer than the one it replaced so we re happy . 
0	first off ,  the blade seems to have sagged with use . 
1	i also don t like stuff that uses too much precious counter space . 
0	maybe i expected to much from all the great reviews . 
1	i doubt i will but rest assured i will tell you about it . 
0	i compare to l oreal s jar stuff ,  just a different scent . 
1	i love the smaller size of this platter . 
0	and now ,  here s hunters ,  i played it ,  and got the same feeling . 
1	num_num sizes of funnels means it s perfect for loading spices from a huge container to a small vessel . 
0	i was ready to throw this weed whacker when i saw the worx website on the warranty card . 
1	the features that are different are the toasting options; toast ,  bagel ,  frozen ,  and warm . 
0	i really wanted to like this game ,  but ended up returning it after a few days of gameplay . 
1	i tried hand washing the separator ,  but found it much easier and cleaner to run it through the dishwasher . 
0	you are better off paying the money for a outter box . 
1	second ,  you have to make the ice cream . 
0	its your basic canned peach ,  just sweetend with splenda ,  i tried making a peach pie .  .  . dont ask . 
1	don t know if it really works or if the thing has brainwashed me; water does taste better . 
0	needless to say ,  i am returning my earphones and am glad that amazon has such a good return policy . 
1	this is one of the smaller sweepers ,  fitting into some smaller places . 
0	it has just a sweet artificial flavor ,  but not a coffee flavor . 
1	second ,  device has only medium shredding cone in the original package . 
0	it is difficult to put it on and take it off . 
1	great for salads and for rinsing potatoes and other veggies . 
0	and if you re under pressure with bad lighting conditions ,  traffic speeding by at dangerously close distances ,  rain ,  snow . 
1	i used to live in milan for num_num yrs and that is where i feel inlove with their coffee . 
0	and the pmx num_extend eventually broke down ,  so in the trash they went . 
1	this is my num_extend  or num_extend set  because i put everything in it . 
0	it s a shame because what i got before was delicious . 
1	recommend this seller to anyone for empire screen protectors . 
0	and it was quite powerful ,  with quite an admirable sucking power . 
1	i am not a case person ,  but the wife is very happy with this . 
0	if i connect the wan cable ,  it seems to die within about num_num seconds . 
1	looked at several brands and decided to try this one . 
0	i currently own a pair of jambu women s coconut sandals num_extend num_extend
1	i use this to make crispy french fries ,  chicken nuggets ,  and fish fillets in my toaster oven . 
0	nor did the picture show it in the ordering process . 
1	the picture is not that detailed and i hoped this one was clocked num_num degrees ,  but it isn t . 
0	but $ every num_num days is a little much . 
1	i bought one for each floor of my house num_extend and would highly recommend it to anyone . 
0	freckles are merely sun damage that some people have the pigment to be more prone to get . 
1	the machine is very easy to clean and handle . 
0	it reminds me of something decorative and not something that you can use practically . 
1	all contents are chopped to desired effect and takes little time doing so . 
0	this was the only change in my normal routine ,  no other new products or foods . 
1	this served her needs well and has lasted without breaking . 
0	your experience might be different . however ,  i cannot recommend this antenna . 
1	it has been time for a new headset for a while considering the time spent in the car . 
0	i have two colors and they are both way darker than the cap color . 
1	probably best to categorize it as  more flexible than a rigid one  . 
0	the roller is only num_num so i ordered more num_num roller . 
1	i m very happy with this purchase so far . 
0	if they are the same size ,  then this hori product does not fit either . 
1	i would certainly buy from oxo again and i do enjoying buying from amazon since they started . 
0	i don t recommend this tea and won t be purchasing any additional davidson s tea either . 
1	this maker fits my bill ,  has few annoying features but i ll live . 
0	i love the taste ,  but it s not actually gluten free . 
1	these are small but a perfect size to put in window with my plants . 
0	this watch did not last long at all . 
1	thanks for helping me keep this thing going and looking like new . 
0	it has a single led that is very directional . 
1	made to fit almost makes this worth the price . 
0	we found another pizza stone at amazon which is thicker and seems to do a better job . 
1	okay fpr the price this is a must have . 
0	i was hoping to use these because i had a hernia during my second pregnancy . 
1	it is not going to slip away on you . 
0	i m so disappointed as she was thrilled with it . 
1	the fibrox handle stays true to it s name by not losing its grip even when wet . 
0	i bought anoter sparkle case after this that was num_extend better . 
1	this fan is really handy to keep around . 
0	it is easy to use and works ok ,  but is really low tech compared to the newer pdas . 
1	but you might like the glitz and the glamour . in the end you will have a very stable phone . 
0	i rather use the lashes on their own without the glue since that sticks wayyy better . 
1	meanwhile ,  i can live with the little bit of difficulty . 
0	the company may be good and their other products may be good ,  but not the sour cream powder . 
1	great hand free tool this is my second as i misplaced my first one . 
0	this product did nothing to remove that rust and merely left white streaks in my otherwise tan tub . 
1	now i have more air flow and organization . 
0	needless to say ,  we went through this pretty fast . 
1	its very easy to put on and its not bulky . 
0	it made my face red and made all my imperfections stand out more . 
1	after losing my first one due to a housefire i was again rewarded when my second one arrived . 
0	i bought it for my son per his request and after we played it both of us were unimpressed . 
1	i saw this same ifrogz case for num_extend at bestbuy . 
0	i also have diabetes ,  and must be very careful of my hands and feet . 
1	have used it consistently and it is very durable . 
0	vacuum is stronger then i expected but only after using it about num_num times ,  it has no suction . 
1	the same for all the parts  coffee basket ,  gasket and filter plate  . 
0	within num_extend num_num minutes of use i nearly dropped my camera twice . 
1	not too small ,  nice size and very attractive . 
0	in an effort to make the files fit on a single disc ,  i elected to decrease quality somewhat . 
1	i ve used it to fry foods and there s very little stickage . 
0	filler in place of what could have been substance for an actual game . 
1	occasionally i encounter a cork that is longer than the needle . 
0	i notice some improvement at the first hour . 
1	i do wish it came with the sticky tape to attach it into the frame . 
0	i ve only had it for num_num months and i have not abused it at all . 
1	glass thermometers have less issues with calibration than any other type of thermometers . 
0	it made my hair dry and desperately num_extend
1	i liked being able to tell people it does more than just function as a back up power source . 
0	the spec s say it comes with a remote but i did not get num_extend supplier service . 
1	two days from the day i ordered it . 
0	it is gentle on the skin ,  but have not used it long enough . good after a glycolic peel also . 
1	great world map ,  i bought this for my son . 
0	otherwise ,  you must drive across town in a slow car to pick them up ,  then drop them off afterwards . 
1	however ,  i haven t seen a better option ,  so i would still highly recommend these jars . 
0	i asked if maybe i got a bad lot and was told that they have no bad lots . 
1	this also comes with a needle for injecting ,  which is perfect for injecting turkeys . 
0	my wife used this for about num_num months and threw it in the trash . 
1	i cook with cast iron most of the time and these are a real necessity to avoid burned hands . 
0	the tilt does have strong pda features ,  but it does run under the windows mobile interface . 
1	i read all of the reviews so i knew to really read instructions before assembly . 
0	spawn armageddon is hack and slash game played in the third person perspective . 
1	i have the shun honing blade ,  which if not careful can make non japanese knives dull . 
0	after about num_num months i noticed shiny specs floating in the water . 
1	like anything else ,  you adapt to the ear cushion after several uses . 
0	there hidden at the very bottom :  :   sweetened by splenda  .  .  .  .  . i do not like any fake sweetners . 
1	i must say they re awesome as they seal well ,  are magnetic ,  and actually vibrate with incoming calls . 
0	there is no mechanism to correct ,  educate ,  or provide further evaluation . 
1	seriously ,  phone pixel density is becoming so good these days that almost nobody can honestly see a measurable difference . 
0	the signal is continuously interrupted during a workout or ,  what is more typical doesn t show a reading at all . 
1	we haven t discovered the solution to that yet . 
0	the part that connects the phone holder to the air vent mount is poorly made ,  too . 
1	the materials are great ,  and the inside lining kept my phone screen clean . 
0	poor design takes the skin off your num_extend
1	i got tired of buying expensive can openers that did not work after a while . 
0	i bought this and boy was that a mistake on my part . 
1	i use it with my non stick pans so they don t get scratched . 
0	the norpro tin heat diffuser sold at a reasonable price . 
1	would definitely recommend this mixer ,  as long as you don t make heavy ,  stiff doughs often . 
0	cellet is more comfortable and audio quality seems to be better based on feedback from numerous calls . 
1	the cardboard is nice and thick and can withstand a heavy cake . 
0	it s cheap poorly made crap from china and not even worth the one star on this review . 
1	both sets i got the coffee cup was solid red . 
0	package says the active ingredients irritate animals when they touch or taste the product . 
1	touch up sharpened edges but do not expect to hone a knife . this is made well . 
0	this is not black with an auburn color to it . 
1	these ear bugs worked well ,  but do come out of the ear with lots of movements . 
0	i m being a bit hard on this game because i was so disappointed . 
1	i have several ziplinq products and with the exception of one time  retractable ethernet  they ve never disappointed . 
0	it ,  actually ,  gags me when i put it in their boxes . 
1	yes ,  it cooks bacon really well and removes the grease . 
0	but that is all there is to say positive about this ring . 
1	i ordered another a few days ago  shipping takes awhile  just incase for some reason i lose\break this one . 
0	which means we ve only been able to open it three times . 
1	they are pretty deep and will accommodate even bouillon cube jars . 
0	i ve tried this device twice carefully following the instructions and waiting a long long time . 
1	the actual bowl ,  and it s lid can be run through the dishwasher ,  no problem . 
0	but when i went out to see what was wrong ,  i saw their dilemma . 
1	i ve had this coffee maker for a year now and just love it . 
0	your body still works or you would not be alive to buy these products . 
1	place the lid on the press with plunger extended upward to begin the brewing cycle . 
0	it is of poor quality ,  always a loose connection and mine broke completely after a year . 
1	it holds the phone tight while hitting the mountain bike trails and most jumps . 
0	i have only had this for about two weeks . 
1	with my induction cooktop ,  this is a great pot for cooking all kinds of pasta noodles . 
0	i am not going to buy any of their wood products again . 
1	i would say it only turns it into a normal phone as it was ment to be . 
0	even though it s working beautifully now ,  i m just not sure it was worth it . 
1	i ve had it myself for almost num_num years . 
0	i m an adult and i bought this for myself because in the title it says it s for adults . 
1	i wanted an unusual coat rack that would fit a certain space behind my door . 
0	after several different tries ,  we finally settled onessential medical supply everyday essentials deluxe hard plastic sock aid . 
1	i ve not cooked steaks ,  burgers ,  kebabs ,  vegetables ,  fruit ,  and ribs on it . 
0	also the num_extend num_extend num_extend num_extend buttons are flimsey and very close together . 
1	was able to get under a heavy desk and other places i can t vacuum . 
0	this is a different brand than i ve used before but hadn t considered that this might be a problem . 
1	the buttons need to be pushed a little hard sometimes but i have had no problems with it . 
0	if i had to tackle with that everytime i changed out a sd card forget about it . 
1	it s lightweight so even filled it s easy to move . 
0	do i cough up more than half the original price to have it fixed ?  probably not . 
1	i ve been caught out with a dying battery enough times to invest in an extra battery . 
0	this is just regular soap with a mediated smell . 
1	i love these and so does my boyfriend who uses them for pretty much everything  buttering toast ?  really ?   . 
0	the noise factor isn t that great ,  it only made about num_num different noises . 
1	the chicken tastes good ,  has little fat and cooks quickly . 
0	i have been home canning for almost num_num years . 
1	they are stainless steel and should last for quite a long time . 
0	it started to freak out all by itself . 
1	the cover is cheap and will break very easily . 
0	my son tried it and he didn t like it because it was so hard to control the movement . 
1	i have both and have decided the  everyday  pans are much more convenient to use in my small kitchen . 
0	apparently the smell of whatever they have in there just is not realistic enough to attract her attention . 
1	it looks cute ,  like it s out of a diner ,  so i don t mind leaving it out on the table . 
0	as other reviewers have noted ,  this is a poorly constructed immersion blender . 
1	after trying num_num cases and not being happy with the protection ,  i got this case . 
0	 archos is a french company ,  fyi .   if their products were reliable this could be forgiven . 
1	we have the worlds  smallest master bathroom so storage has always been an issue . 
0	i used this product for several months since i bought it . 
1	this battery has a lot of lifetime and will last . 
0	even going straight they make the screeching noise . 
1	it seems to supply a higher current than the generic  retractable  charger i bought for my other vehicle . 
0	i returned this item for two main num_extend
1	they stayed fresh for a while ,  then i ate tehm . 
0	they taste okay ,  but my homemade ones are much better . 
1	i found the price on amazon is better for the same product . let s see .  .  .  . anything critical to say . 
0	upon close inspection ,  the weld was very poor and barely attached the neck holder to the upright tube . 
1	plus i like making pita bread on it . 
0	we no longer use a landline much since our cell phones have so many minutes . 
1	once it is done ,  water is added to the  max ice  marking . 
0	not a bad game ,  but looks alot better on the num_extend
1	also the call answer and power button are a little small but still not a big issue . 
0	honestly ,  i thought this mascara was pretty bad . 
1	i think that it was the result of a dull blade . 
0	however ,  it had some annoying features that caused me to return it . 
1	its a little tight on my phone but other than that the case was a great buy . 
0	i wasn t looking for a easy fix but i certainly wasn t looking to make it more complicated . 
1	with this phone ,  the battery lasts at least two days ,  and that s with heavy texting and limited internet usage . 
0	then i was dumb enough to buy the game .  .  . lol . 
1	they are small but are the size i wanted . 
0	i wanted to have several mediums for my suitcase . 
1	the dough slid through the ricer so smoothly into the boiling water . 
0	shook the thing vigorously and it solves the problem temporarily . 
1	secondly ,  the base got to where it would not stay on . 
0	i m sad because i actually like the color . 
1	i highly recommend it for someone who s looking for something like this . 
0	i bought this because i saw all the good reviews ,  but i ended up returning it . 
1	the best thing i love about this charger is the size . 
0	when i turned it on ,  it didn t work . 
1	very pleased to find the exact one that came with my phone  samsung giii  ,  and for a great price . 
0	they are pure honey with some nuts floating around in them . 
1	i ve had mine for about num_num months and use it a lot . 
0	my problem ,  i ordered these and about a week later got the package .  .  . but it was the wrong product . 
1	not a concern in a home ,  of course . 
0	the game play was kinda slow but still good . 
1	we use acrylic cases so we can see the skin we have on our device . 
0	this meter is flawed ,  though seemingly well made . 
1	i usually cook for an army of one and these are perfect . 
0	its very dull and doesn t have much taste at all . 
1	this is is second or third replacement i bought from this seller . 
0	i see no reason to eat dairy except that it tastes good . 
1	i gave this red grill pan as a gift . 
0	maybe a bit more like apple jacks  or how i remember apple jacks to be  . 
1	good range of features and specifications for the price . 
0	i tried bagging the pooh then placing in there but believe it or notthat made it worse . 
1	i mount it under dash board close to car stick on my toyota camry xle . 
0	they get two stars for trying to be organic . 
1	it was from one of those num_num piece rubber and hard plastic cases that amazon sells for about $
0	if you can t get down on the floor ,  do it in bed or while sitting in a chair . 
1	it is not non stick slow and low is the rule . 
0	grill marks may look cute but they are a functional waste for a toasted sandwich . 
1	the whole pot makes maybe num_num ounces ,  really . 
0	this is a case of you get what you pay for . 
1	the plastic handles on the lid and the pan itself stay fairly cool under most stovetop conditions . 
0	my trust level for plantronics has gone down . 
1	however ,  i don t think you can go wrong with this set . 
0	it is like a solid piece of rubber . 
1	puzzled ,  i cleaned the screen again ,  and the dragging sensation went away ,  then came back . 
0	in that time it has proven to be reliable for making smoothies and mixed drinks . 
1	it has wide pockets for my dough hook or a pocket for a set of stackable measuring cups . 
0	my son got this and has to put a cartridge in the pen to play with the right book . 
1	i am totally buying a num_extend if not num_extend extra wide . 
0	it is true that no corn syrup has been added ,  but there are still high sugars . 
1	not burning it for four hours is also important ,  as well as avoiding broken glass . 
0	i just turn on the hose and immediately this nozzle starts leaking water . don t waste your money ,  get something better . 
1	i bought this little gem to bake my christmas cookies on . 
0	so when i got my new phone ,  i ordered one for it  nexus num_extend
1	however ,  when first placed on the wall it did seem sturdy and it s just the right size . 
0	lubegard transfers power to the civic very quickly . 
1	but if a snap is heard and it feels firmly locked before it s turned on ,  it works perfectly . 
0	only want to try about this product to buy ,  it s alright for buy and use for few days . 
1	lots of suction and power in this vac . 
0	it is a  media  model which is a lower model than the  elite  that i purchased . 
1	i have been searching for a good can opener for years now . 
0	it s just not worth the current price ,  and it has too many flaws to use for serious athletes . 
1	mine just failed  battery died  after two full years of daily use  literally daily  . 
0	if you are looking for a good sports bra ,  i would definitely not recommend this one . 
1	i fix my own phones and tab num_num and mac computers  desk top and laptop  ,  and ipad s  . 
0	if i knew it d crap out on me i wouldn t have bought it . 
1	wish it came with a pouch or case . 
0	i have previously owned this brush that i bought at a salon but my dogs ate it . 
1	it is very sturdy and doesn t oxidize like my old aluminum model . 
0	except maybe with sugar itself ,  which is totally natural . 
1	as it turns out ,  that size probably would have been adequate for my needs . 
0	smell is very nice ,  very rare in audbery shampoo and conditioner family :  cleaning power is good . 
1	best of all ,  leftover coffee doesn t get all stale and bitter . 
0	after all ,  i am going in the ocean not on a date . 
1	the smaller size does not require as much dishwasher space and is perfect when cooking for one or two . 
0	this product is a case of creating a poor solution for a problem that doesn t really exist . 
1	i use this headset to listen to podcasts and music at work  and at home while cleaning  . 
0	i don t think this is just a plant based scent ,  as they claim . 
1	every kitchen needs this for chopping ,  scooping ,  measureing ,  love it love it . 
0	sound quality was on par with my $ caldwell units ,  and those run about the same size overall . 
1	i won t be going back to a normal hand peeler now that i have this . 
0	it performed very well as far as grinding the beans and the consistency of the bean grind . 
1	it is exactly what i needed to charge my samsung phone while traveling . 
0	the fighting is slow ,  the graphics are low quality and the story sucks . 
1	as far as cases go ,  it s one of the better ones that i ve used . 
0	i applied it to the areas that needed it ,  and it does nothing for me . 
1	num_num yrs since i purchased it ,  i have not change my first screen . 
0	i don t like that they are made in china . 
1	it does everything it s supposed to without any problems . 
0	mine lasted just a few minutes  talk time on full charge ,  and were returned . 
1	it charges my smartphone  nexus num_extend at least twice  from % of battery  . 
0	the whole idea about hybrid professions was to perfect your character to your liking . 
1	they look good and serve the purpose of keeping the items sealed and tidy looking . 
0	the cabinet had no bracing and no sound insulation to speak of . 
1	it does the job and it is well built . 
0	well .  .  . the garbanzo bean flour so many reviewers have complained about made the dough horribly bitter . 
1	this is a basic waffle maker ,  and it works perfectly . 
0	more importantly ,  this thing scratches up very quickly . 
1	we hope it helps prolong the life of the new coffee maker . 
0	still searching for something to replace the original num_extend
1	one cradle fits pretty much any phone i can fathom ,  currently . 
0	no positive no negative ,  why bother ? for the extra cost without noticeable results ,  i dont like it . 
1	of course the big bugaboo with the grill always came to cleaning . 
0	get over the anime and stop voting num_num because you  love  the anime . this game is way too short . 
1	we didn t put the metal racks in the bottom of it and instead use it for the fax machine . 
0	i bought this carrier for my tiny maltese puppy . 
1	i put it in the middle of my kitchen table . 
0	i purchased this phone because htc resolved the random reboot issue that a lot of android phones have . 
1	the guys will appreciate this . as a woman ,  i appreciate the compact look ,  the smooth feel and the color choice . 
0	although i liked being about use use the stand ,  the bumper that comes with it is awful . 
1	in num_num seconds ,  i had the perfect grind for my drip coffee maker . 
0	no real complaints for the cheese grating quality though .  .  . it seems to work ok for that area . 
1	i wish villaware still made their waffle maker . 
0	this is really too bad because all the other pedals for mooer seem to be quite good . 
1	by the way ,  i just ordered two for gifts . 
0	i felt better the day after and decided to try it again . 
1	my clients like the fresh taste they get ,  while looking over their photographs they get from my studio . 
0	in the movie ,  the jedis lightsabers cut through those droids on naboo like butter . 
1	i don t leave the peel on because that seems to make it less effective for the num_extend num_extend pieces . 
0	it does take good dexterity ,  mechanical ability ,  and good eyesight or reading glasses . 
1	i am really attached to these measuring spoons . 
0	but for the price it s neat to have on the shelf . 
1	i figured if i didn t like it oh well it was under $ who cares . 
0	if you can t ,  then you will find this to be a seriously dissapointing purchase . 
1	i usually dislike window fans because they can be eyesores and loud ,  this one is not . 
0	because of the thickness of these pots ,  it takes like num_num min . 
1	this thing was amazing !  it took out all the stains ,  and a ton of cat hair and dirt . 
0	all the settings were the same as the num_extend
1	these bowls look nice ,  but i agree with the other reviewers; they are too large for cereal bowls . 
0	i have tried it different ways and have concluded i have a new paperweight . 
1	if it wasn t sticky ,  then it would not work . 
0	stop dosing your tank with dead bacteria and other  miracle  products . 
1	it can t get better for the money !  you forget it is on your neck . 
0	this set of coasters ended up being pretty useless for us . 
1	this potato masher is a good fit for my small hand . 
0	if you don t use them ,  the points can last a long time . 
1	wonderful product !  the only way it could be better is if the nylon heads withstood heat to num_num degrees . 
0	also the levels did have a nice variety to them . 
1	there have been a number of times where i needed this type of portable speaker for my kindle fire . 
0	once you re in the apartment building ,  you wander around rooms and hallways that look the same . 
1	i wish that there was a pack of the cafe blue without the mugs . 
0	why spend $ on the exact same damn game as the other years ?  . 
1	worked great and we enjoyed perfectly cut fries . 
0	they are also apparently now made in china rather than the us or mexico . 
1	the stone helps to evenly heat the food through and give that often desired crispy crust on foods . 
0	i suspect this box is going to be sitting around the office for a long ,  long time . 
1	bought this product for my gf ,  since she always seems to run out of juice in her phone . 
0	not the thermometers fault ,  but it causes me problems . 
1	it s tough to screw up measuring cups ,  so we ll see where i m at in num_num months . 
0	this product is presented as a safe and effective deterrent for a variety of animals . 
1	i like this one much better because you can see the blade . 
0	at first ,  i thought it was just one bad apple . 
1	i used it when i had my num_extend cell phone . 
0	the written review never materialized ,  so i had a word of mouth review to go by . 
1	very attractive ,  well designed ,  and feels good in the hand . 
0	if you are a mom like me ,  you would be pretty surprised to hear your son say  damn  . 
1	it has an easy to open battery compartment and replacing batteries is easy . 
0	but these tongs are basically only good for salad . 
1	yes its bit bulky and annoying if you change cases frequently . 
0	these are just a few examples of the changes made . 
1	pretty enough to leave out if you want to . 
0	and the third installment adds nothing to the game . 
1	she was convinced i had my phone right up to my face . 
0	plastic material ,  the strap is not very num_extend
1	obviously ,  it s proven to be very durable ,  and a good investment . 
0	you cannot flip your bike upside down to work on it with this mirror attached . there is road vibration also . 
1	however ,  the coffee experience is way better over the regular grinder i have now relegated to spice duty . 
0	as such ,  it did nothing at all to my hair except make it extremely frizzy . 
1	num_num of those minutes were spent looking for a socket wrench  . 
0	good fashion does not have to be uncomfortable or a struggle . 
1	i ve never found any headset that handles background noise better than the plantronics voyager num_extend
0	only after i bought her the bone shaped one she figured out what it was supposed to be . 
1	i couldn t exchange since they were out of stock so i orderd a second one . 
0	another possibility is to design a feeding bowl for cats that attaches to the existing pet feeder . 
1	it is fast ,  the coffee comes out at a good hot temperature . 
0	however ,  the last num_num purchases of dockers have bee a disaster . 
1	i purchased this pair for him ,  much cheaper of course ,  several months later . 
0	got this for my num_num month old german shepherd . 
1	yes ,  i will use them ,  but they weren t what i expected . 
0	however ,  i have found that when they need to be repaired ,  they are never good for long . 
1	and after using it for a while ,  i can say i m truly not disappointed . 
0	as others have written ,  the entire smartdisk usb line doesn t work properly with mac laptops . 
1	i am sure it took an innovative inventor to create this . 
0	i m tossing it  too late to return it to amazon  . 
1	this cart looks pretty good and was fairly easy to assemble . 
0	i love the fact it s a canister  i previously owned the windtunnel upright  . 
1	i ve only had this mug a short time  a week or so  ,  but i ve grown to love it . 
0	i just don t really see the market for these things at this price . 
1	it is soft ,  so if you are looking for hard twine ,  look elsewhere . 
0	i wish the relaxer stretched the neck more ,  the angle isn t made for everyone s body type . 
1	but for the basics ,  some things are better than what i had on the droidx  imo  . 
0	and i have only one thing to say to that .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . i told you so . 
1	they are more oval than round ,  and this makes it easier to scoop into dry ingredients . 
0	this sticky paws is essentially an overpriced large piece of tape . 
1	would make a great gift for hose who can !  i always acted the rings when storing after opening jam . 
0	i m disappointed because i really wanted to like this product . 
1	it has just worked and produced great juice . 
0	i think there are some tolerance issues with this manufacturer . 
1	i have many mobile devices and tested this newtrent icarrier num_extend charger on all of them . 
0	but instead i got a game where all you do is raid buildings for criminals . 
1	to charge the battery ,  it has a built in plug that you just plug into the wall . 
0	in fact ,  we practically have one of everything . 
1	doesn t take much to secure it in the slot . 
0	we asked for this as a gift for my son because of the fact that it  folds  for storage . 
1	this is our second one and will never own anything but . 
0	today when i plugged it in ,  a loud crackle and a big puff of black smoke emerged . 
1	so i researched similar phones and purchased this nokia num_extend from amazon . 
0	after having it on for only an evening ,  it did indeed stain my nails a light yellow color . 
1	you can t beat the corelle name or reputation . 
0	i gave it away to someone else who hopefully had more success than i did . 
1	i have always had difficulty rolling out crusts . 
0	i didn t do anything for my hair than any other biotin which is why i will not be repurchasing . 
1	i am very happy with this new pan . 
0	and i bought two ,  to have in case the bt ran down . 
1	the battery on this bluetooth last a long time  .  .  . i mean a looonnggg time . 
0	do yourself a favor and search google for  netgear num_extend and look at all the problems . 
1	but i have been very happy with it . 
0	and that was about a week after i bought it . 
1	it works well for pretty much anything you hve  cooked  up to prepare . 
0	i don t know what is going on here but be warned . 
1	i recently had to get a new iphone case for my iphone num_num and fortunately found this one . 
0	i ordered this hoping it would be more brown than the dark ,  but it isn t any different . 
1	but don t forget that this sifter has a capacity for larger amounts of flour as well . 
0	i can t imagine anyone being happy with these . 
1	it does come with a belt clip which is optional to put on . 
0	or maybe the factory didn t coat it with a protective clear coating or something . 
1	i got a gray battery icon with an exclamation point over it . 
0	you have to hold the magnetic wand at just the right angle to get the balls rolling . 
1	all openings on the case line up perfectly . 
0	the people who love them must not get out much . 
1	this headset is a replacement for a logitec i had used for years . 
0	i worked as a mechanical engineer and i have seldom seen anything quite so flimsy in manufacture . 
1	i had a cheap little one that worked fine . 
0	they decided to give us the executable name . 
1	basically we tell my daughter not to call us unless ,  of course ,  it s an emergency . 
0	sadly ,  i woke up ,  washed my hair ,  and .  .  .  . nothing !  it didn t do anything . 
1	don t even bother with them ,  they hurt my ears after wearing for a short period of time . 
0	i wanted to try this out for it s energy boosting effects . 
1	the feel of it is great; smooth and sturdy but with that neat rubbery kind of feeling . 
0	i tried it with the no bake cookies and it was awful . 
1	it is far less bulky than my original sprint case ,  and is easier to grip . 
0	really disappointing !  i used api stress zyme+ when setting up my num_extend tank and imo it worked much better . 
1	there is nothing like percolated coffee ,  it is absolutely the best and presto has fabulous customer service . 
0	i purchased this doll for my grandson because he loves the tv program caillou . 
1	it is something i recommend if you have the black iphone not white . 
0	what they are ,  however ,  is close together while my back is broad . 
1	slides in and out of pockets with ease . 
0	ventilation ain t the issue ,  louie  the microsoft tech s name  . 
1	their stuff ispractically indestructible and their warranty is asgood as your mamma s word . 
0	i hope the replacement holds up better than the originals did . 
1	i love that you can take them apart for easier cleaning . 
0	you can almost cut yourself by simply handling them by their edges . 
1	it is great !  opens easier and smoother than even my old pc opener for half the price . 
0	if you have a timex indiglo ,  find another watch case opener . 
1	this case is damn near indestructible ,  and that is as it should be . 
0	they don t protrude from your ears ,  so you can probably sleep in them if you want to . 
1	so i knew going into the purchase that this would be a long term investment of time . 
0	there is no way to fit an arm  with a hand  through those holes . 
1	i even baked a pizza on the bottom tray and it cleaned up like a breeze . 
0	and if you stack another game on top of it it can also start quacking in the box . 
1	i don t ever use the little nerd adapter . 
0	when in doubt ,  we can check chemicals on the   .  .  .   website . 
1	knock on wood we have had them for num_num years and haven t broken a one . 
0	they seemed well made ,  the material was nice ,  soft medium weight ,  just too small . 
1	we have had ours for num_num years and it is still going strong . 
0	however ,  in the third week i was going at moderate speeds num_extend and made a small turn . 
1	okay maybe one suggestion :  i think the taper could be a little less . 
0	holding num_extend will put you in ready mode and x swings . 
1	got this for christmas before last and it does the basics . 
0	definitely would not recommend  and not worth the hassle to return  . 
1	now the cat chow is stored safely in this handy glass jar . 
0	i purchased these based upon the positive reviews . 
1	i always buy my cables on amazon and this is no exception . good length and solid construction . 
0	needless to say ,  these are the reasons that i deem this toy unsafe . 
1	this is an excellent set and i m glad i chose this particular service . 
0	the three palm programs that i consider essential would overwhelm this puppy . 
1	this is the best case to protect the iphone from drops and some other misfortunes . 
0	overall ,  this thing is not good and i do not recommend it . 
1	i wanted this for the blender that i had . 
0	instead he send me a garment bag marked from some photographer s organization . 
1	bought for a friend and she says she loves it . 
0	indeed the logo comes off with nail polish remover . 
1	i have a full set of global knives . 
0	it wasn t a major problem ,  you had time to get things together ,  but it was rather annoying . 
1	i think its far better than the ones i paid over $
0	it appears to come from the elastic used for the support at the base . 
1	it helps keep my cat room odor free . 
0	they don t seem like they are very strong . 
1	it was relatively easy to assemble and is in good working order so far . 
0	i had an old chopper that had the housing that butterfly d open to clean . 
1	lets see if it will last longer than a year with its metal components instead of plastic . 
0	it did this same thing for ice cream ,  too . 
1	makes enough for a family of four ,  with a little left over for the next day . 
0	i am sick of white athletic shoes and like the style and color of these . 
1	i ve only made one thing so far with this device ,  a chocolate milkshake . 
0	then it stopped recharging the iphone and would only charge the mophie while the phone was in the case . 
1	i tried several angles and folds and attempts ,  but just couldn t get my screen completely free from smudges . 
0	well ,  it takes less than a minute for my puppy to be fully done with it . 
1	i saw everything on youtube except that one . 
0	then it started interfering with the network ,  i . e . 
1	doing a num_num lb loaf however works much better . 
0	the installation as mentioned in many other reviews was next to impossible . 
1	it pops very quickly and is easy to use . 
0	this product contains maltodextrin and so is not diabetic friendly . 
1	but im sure it will work . thanks for the cheap parts . 
0	i heard so much about it that i couldn t wait for it to come out . 
1	if you want more thickness ,  the defender is there for you . 
0	not many people can create an atmosphere quite like this . 
1	i don t think you can beat the price or value . 
0	this duet blender seemed just dandy until i started blending shakes daily ,  using ice . 
1	i am a garlic lover and garlic presses are important to me . 
0	i should have examined the picture more closely . 
1	the preset programs work very well for regular or whole wheat breads . 
0	i should have the advise of previous reviews and not purchased these jeans . 
1	the ground floor is around num_num square feet . 
0	for the cost ,  i expected something that would serve its function well . 
1	i wish the backside was clear so you could access your camera on your phone . 
0	within the first week ,  i noticed the stitching unraveling on one of the thumbs . 
1	i would have bought years ago but was contnet with my mass production serrated knives . 
0	not sure about component because i didn t have a tv with that feature . 
1	this grill pan is a great value for the money spent . 
0	a few times they have  danced  themselves until they fell over . 
1	it is very simple to fill and dispose of all of the nasty dirty water . 
0	i have other diffusers and they work just fine . 
1	coffee because the brew basket leaked into it ,  and was always careful with the cord . 
0	i think i will be moving on to a different brand of blender . 
1	haven t heard that they didn t like it so presuming that all is well . 
0	masking it with protein and stevia helped a lot . 
1	now i just need a smaller version to go with this one !  . 
0	well it was not what i was expecting . 
1	this holds the phone in the otter case snuggly . 
0	in addition ,  they said they would also take my original shipping fee out of my refund . 
1	excellent for roasts  , easy cleanup  , and great heat distribution . 
0	for me it was free since i already had num_num of them . 
1	thumbs up !  !  !  slight warning on the plastic microwave bowl though . 
0	however ,  the rescue station is the only exception that we ve found thus far . 
1	it had a transparency of sound that was excellent . 
0	i really wanted this envyderm product to work . 
1	we used it on all of our phones . 
0	i have had one of these  monster  transmitters for about num_num months . 
1	it took a few hours and it then fully charged my first gen iphone . 
0	it fits her as well as the design allows . 
1	pot but it is not sealed all the way around but the steamer works really well none the less . 
0	the dual core feels more like a single core processor and is slower than a turtle . 
1	for its low price it turned out to be very good . 
0	they stick their noses up at it and walk away . oh well not going to buy again . 
1	the power switch is a mechanical slider ,  so there s never any doubt whether your headphone is on or off . 
0	maybe i have the wrong kind of wrinkles . 
1	i also do quite a bit of cooking and have large hands . 
0	an electronic training collar is a much better investment . 
1	they also advise to avoid washing ,  before the pans are cooled to prevent warping . 
0	maybe it will work for you in a much more positive way ,  but not for me . 
1	we have used this a few times now and have been a huge fan of nordic ware products . 
0	loved the coffee but .  .  . first machine stopped working after a couple years . 
1	my htc evo num_extend phone fits perfectly on this dock . 
0	they told me i would have to take it to the repair center and pay to have it fixed . 
1	the coffee tastes better than from a drip coffee maker . 
0	i love that the orient logo is engraved into the closure . 
1	since i retired i ve been in the kitchen more ,  and making more ice cream and sorbets . 
0	in fact ,  there are too many pretzels and other assorted worthless food bits in here . 
1	it does have several options for more accessories ,  different inserts ,  etc . 
0	no tingle which would be common ,  i used it on my chest area and got a growth that developed . 
1	the first died after a couple years ,  but decided to get another and chance it would last longer . 
0	it is very flimsy and cheap and looks very cheap even for the cheap price . 
1	if you have an iphone i do recommend this bluetooth . 
0	i followed the directions ,  but this heat pack does not seem to retain heat when put in the microwave . 
1	they match an older set ,  and i love all the casseroles that spring forth from these dishes . 
0	do not waste your money and time with this . 
1	it works circles around my prior rechargeable dirt devil . 
0	measured it with dial caliper and was num_extend askew . 
1	the only flaw is that they are thinner then i expected so they don t exactly keep you warm . 
0	it was very very soft but so soft it broke since it was dry . 
1	this is the only way to frost a cake . 
0	i wasnt able to change from the pa to the siren function and back . 
1	i want to make my comments while everything is fresh in my memory . 
0	the next week i switched back to my original shampoo and conditioner and everything was fine . 
1	i always wanted a glass cake plate to display my baked goods and figured i would look to amazon . 
0	i think this product would be good for someone who has very thick curly hair . 
1	also ,  five is a distinctly odd number for poached eggs . 
0	now ,  i have meticulously given my num_extend files proper names ,  artists ,  etc . 
1	oh i don t want to forget the ease of fulling the pot . 
0	it is a deadly neurotoxin ,  causing possibly painful seizures ,  and then breathing stops as nerves die . 
1	to solve that problem i just bought a larger machine for when i need to do a bigger cleaner . 
0	remove lid and pour and coffee spills all over . 
1	the phone was lost after buying num_num and did not replace . 
0	to switch from clock to timer you have to move a switch on the side of the machine . 
1	these are the best glasses i ve ever owned . 
0	it has good graphics ,  controls ,  sound and music . 
1	my bundt jumped out of the pan with just pam spray . 
0	you ll spend a lot of time just walking all over the place to hit switches . 
1	just wish there had been a set of different sizes . 
0	pool hopping consists of pressing the buttons according to what is shown on the floaties . 
1	i have used it quite often and there is no warping . 
0	horrible cakey  ,  concealer ,  don t waste your money . 
1	however taking off the case is another story entirely . 
0	hot water drained out of the bottom of the kettle and got the entire counter soaking wet . 
1	this is a real crab fork  forget those stupid cocktail forks ,  they don t go up inside crab legs  . 
0	it took me num_num tries to figure out what num_extend + num_extend was on the keyboard . 
1	the product was of very good quality better than expected . 
0	i took it apart and there was nothing wrong . 
1	we tried everything ,  starting with cleaning the suction part ,  making sure that the water tanks are sealed properly etc . 
0	i m using the ones i have left as frisbies . 
1	i bought this and it was the best i have ever had . 
0	my advice ,  invest some time searching other brands . 
1	i needed a good ,  cheap ,  multi pack of protectors . 
0	get a tivo instead ,  and enjoy the simplicity of solid ,  reliable technology . 
1	after washing the pans out i noticed they were discolored . 
0	it also leaves both the top and the bottom of the phone exposed if it isn t in the holster . 
1	it is very sturdy and very heavy and it will most likely last for years and years of use . 
0	this utensil is too long ,  thick and bulky . 
1	try a discount store first to see if you can get something a little more substantial . 
0	i swear i could see him smile when he first laid down on this configuration . 
1	the camera flash is the only definite problem . 
0	i ordered coconut milk and got something else . 
1	nice solid feel ,  works fine ,  and is comfortable in your hand when using . 
0	however in my hobby woodworking shop ,  these are more than enough . 
1	best protection available for very expensive phones and very clumsy people such as myself . 
0	good luck walking num_extend meters away from town for an num_num credit mission . 
1	what can i say !  it works !  charges my ipod in the car fast !  price is cheap . 
0	finally ,  it gets so bad that i have to throw out the cable . 
1	it has fat content and no water ,  probably the best combo to get a fast toast browning . 
0	a person needs to be an electronics wizard to figure this thing out . 
1	i usually double or triple the recipe if i am making these for an event . 
0	thank you ,  presto ,  for your customer no service . 
1	that will happen with any of these if you cook it too long . 
0	the cover is a stretchy silicon that offers little ,  if any ,  impact protection . 
1	also ,  i never like the legacy nokia font which existed since my nokia num_extend
0	it s not tough and this is my second one . 
1	it seems to have more than enough power to accomplish its mission in the kitchen and bath . 
0	i had this product for less than num_num months . 
1	this definitely helps to have around when traveling thanks to the pre s sad battery life . 
0	i for one refuse to pay $ for a game that i only get to install three times . 
1	i was very happy with how easy it was to use and how well it performed . 
0	this product did not work for me and i may try another brand to see if that will help . 
1	the result is individual fries of consistent size that cook at the same speed . 
0	i bought this because i was trying to save money instead of buying another littermaid . 
1	you can also steam window curtains and shower curtains . 
0	thus the game allows you to be beat on far too easily . lastly is stewie s levels . 
1	this little whisk it a great help in the kitchen for those small jobs . 
0	they are so tight in fact ,  that they will actually break your tv s component inputs . 
1	only bad thing to say is that you are required to put a minimum amount of words on here . 
0	i don t know if this stuff really works or not . 
1	someone else i talked to raved about lavazza ,  but i didn t share her enthusiasm for the taste . 
0	in other words ,  the case houses a battery which charges the headset if cradled . 
1	before you place the top on a canister ,  push in the black bars . 
0	spend a little more now and save yourself the headache !  junk !  junk !  junk !  . 
1	i have several number num_num lodge cast iron skillets . 
0	the two end cross beams slide on to a metal head post . 
1	it is a little less bulky and features removable cooking surfaces for easy cleaning . 
0	i only use it at night and would never consider putting makeup on after . 
1	you can slow cook ,  roast and bake in it . 
0	if you don t want a cheap piece ,  then i would stay clear of this one . 
1	voila !  these are a common wall wart power source size . 
0	i have used biotene dry mouth oral rinse for many years and loved the product . 
1	so far i have ordered two of these !  . 
0	i paid num_extend for this and i feel like it was really over priced . 
1	i collect fiestaware and have been trying to add unusual pieces to my collection . 
0	the side grips are adjustable up and down ,  as well as with adjustable width to fit any phone . 
1	i wish it was larger but i am very excited with this simple design . 
0	my pores just look full of green gunk . 
1	this one feels solid and it chargers the phone almost as quick as a wall plug . 
0	replacing the battery and cleaning the sprayer did help . 
1	i use this strainer as i prepare meals every day . 
0	save your money !  what did work ,  was tea tree oil and neosporin . 
1	not only does the nonstick coating hold up well to everyday use it continues to clean up easily . 
0	listening to and heeding the aforementioned will save you money first along with extensive time and aggravation . 
1	its a lot like the candy shell speck case only its hard silicone and its thinner . 
0	not good quality at all ,  and it took a long time to get here . 
1	if we continue to be pleased ,  we plan to buy a second set . 
0	but when i opened the package and tried to place them on my head they would not fit . 
1	it was exactly what it appears to be . 
0	unfortunately ,  my dog ,  bella ,  chewed through the edge of it in about num_num minutes . 
1	it came in a simple packaging ,  but there re no scratches or fingerprints . 
0	so you must try to apply in a manner that balances the imperfect cut to lines of the phone . 
1	it is very lightweight and is two completely separate pieces . 
0	my rating is more generous than hasbro was is this remake of what was once a great childhood memory . 
1	it was cheaper than driving to the next town . 
0	you don t need to redesign it every time ,  just make more cards . 
1	but it really is high quality and performs well . 
0	i sent it back the same day i bought it . 
1	as far as i am concerned this is more than sufficient for most home carpet cleaning jobs . 
0	you no longer reign and your reputation is headed south . 
1	the suction cup hasn t failed me once ,  either . 
0	some of it was really good the rest sounded really bad . 
1	the ribbed ,  textured feel is pleasant in my hands ,  and offers a good grip . 
0	after eating less than half of the oatmeal ,  i poured it out . 
1	it fits snugly so the contents can be sealed in there securely . 
0	i have a brutally aggressive chewer num_extend pound springer spaniel mix  . 
1	the case fits perfect ,  the screen protector was almost exact . 
0	the instructions also don t say to flip the pancake . 
1	i was actually looking on amazon for a foldable keyboard and came across this and these reviews . 
0	you can easily get a much better mask in this price range . 
1	one thing i can say is that these are disposable . 
0	the noodles are weird and really short and the broth they re in is gross . 
1	the person that complained about the brushes would have had no problem if the instructions were read . 
0	you want another ,  to paint different ,  sure ,  have another . 
1	i found nothing wrong with it ,  once you learn how to get the cap off . 
0	it s nice but doesn t make the battles less tedious or repetitive in the long run . 
1	bought a cuisinart peeler a week ago and it sucked . 
0	well you gotta give the game some credit ,  for its orginality at least . 
1	this means that it has a pretty decent nonstick finish these days . 
0	being a diehard star trek fan these days isn t easy . 
1	do you use moisturizers on your skin ?  are all moisturizers created equal ?  personally ,  i think not . 
0	bravo for the technology but shame on the companies that are preventing replacement parts from being sold . 
1	item very enjoyable and eleganttool to monitor espresso coffeepowerful and practicalespresso coffeepalson espressoe goog gsad efd . 
0	the blade literally bent num_num degrees  see photo i uploaded  . 
1	a really big morta  my nickname for it  . 
0	i couldn t get any digital stations for more than a split second . 
1	i am very pleased ,  and highly recommend giving the incipio ngp case a try !  . 
0	i could not get this to fit and still be able to see the rear . 
1	an excellent choice for if you re not ready to spend $ on a knife . 
0	i am on the hunt to find the next best thing and this is not it . 
1	my num_num year old granddaughter didn t even know what a percolator was !  looks good . 
0	the vanilla spice perfect energy doesn t taste too good without regular sugar in it . 
1	i went num_num years using knives bought cheaply at garage sales . 
0	i m not a game tester ,  this is supposed to be a finished product . 
1	this blackberry does not force me to do everything by touching the screen . 
0	i couldn t justify spending the cash on the designs that were out there until i found the linksys num_extend
1	i debated if i should get the cuisinart or simply get the attachment for my kitchenaid mixer . 
0	i would suggest not wasting your money ,  no matter how cheap you find it ,  it s not worth it . 
1	the people on the other end can t hear it . 
0	basically ,  the quality of the abby cadabby wand is good . 
1	i bought this because it was cheaper than buying locally as a replacement for my brita . 
0	once you get good though ,  it really becomes a frustrating experience . 
1	this is my first  and so far only  good knife i ve bought . 
0	she will completely ignore these and have her accidents on the floor next to it instead . 
1	it has a clean ,  modern ,  attractive look and i loved it so much i purchased another three days later . 
0	we used to have a smaller bodum and that glass carafe seemed stronger and thicker . 
1	my husband surprised me with this pressure cooker and the guy fieri knives for my birthday . 
0	i have long hair that is thick  lots of it  and coarse  thick individual hairs  and slightly wavy . 
1	it has held up well scraping my griddle clean after use too . 
0	the one thing you don t expect to happen . 
1	there is an opening for the camera lens ,  usb connector and headphone jack . 
0	i love this fragrance but it goes away sooo fast . 
1	product charges as advertised ,  though one must align the prongs before charging . 
0	this unit is difficult to program ,  and the buttons are hard to press . 
1	i bought both and found the otterbox was a failure . 
0	i don t see it having the legs that halo had . 
1	the rest of the day the filter is not running . 
0	even campbell s has better chili in it s roadhouse style . 
1	that is a $ ptfe coated pan sold in supervalu or albertsons supermarkets . 
0	for example ,  just this morning we accidentally set the pasta cooking time to num_num hours . 
1	these are oems style earbuds and they are just like the ones that come from the factory . 
0	don t believe all the hype about this one . 
1	also it can also make the items liquidy . 
0	i don t remember reading the description past num_num unique colors . 
1	my thumbs will never get smaller ,  i will always hit the wrong keys on a virtual keyboard . 
0	we gave him this and after initial uncertainty ,  this became his favorite . 
1	i ve found that a relatively flat plastic collection container works fine for getting coffee out . 
0	i do have to chuckle  and agree  at other reviewers comments on the shape of the spoon rest . 
1	until then or until it bends my cd deck slot and falls to the floor i ll use this one . 
0	someone already opened it and it did not packed as well as factory new . 
1	it charged my num_extend back up close to % but that was it . 
0	a medium usually fits me just fine but these were way too long in the leg . 
1	if you ever feel the need to clean your pans ,  this is what i recommend . bar keepers % cleanser polish . 
0	i ve tased them before and they weren t like this . 
1	they work as advertised and i would recommend to anyone who needs to replace their gasket . 
0	judging by the reviews that percentage must be pretty high . 
1	there s almost no reason to take it off . 
0	the box the food came in says in big letters ,   product of thailand .   . 
1	once on ,  the results seem good with decent protection . 
0	once that was done ,  more bad guys appear and then a few more after that . 
1	nothing large scale so didn t need one of the expensive fancy ones . 
0	they re tough :  they ve been knocked repeatedly to our ceramic tile floor and still work year after year . 
1	easy clean up in dishwasher ,  with no spotting . 
0	in the meantime ,  i m going to try neutrogena sun fresh lotion . 
1	i have several brands of these sheilds and they are all good . 
0	in that case ,  thank you ,  oh marianna supreme bobby pins ,  from saving me and leaving me with weak buns . 
1	i do not put too much pressure on the crank . 
0	overall fit was not good and after wearing them for about an hour they felt downright uncomfortable . 
1	it takes a lot of experience to start getting decent photos out of it . 
0	i can hardly distinguish between shows recorded in the sp mode from the ep mode . 
1	i love that i m not constantly wiping finger print marks away now . 
0	i guess the product is the same thing but i m not really sure . 
1	coupled with my armorsuit militaryshield ,  it gives me just the protection i was wanting . 
0	the easiest option was to use the s key for a safe shot . 
1	dont let the price fool you .  .  . just because its half the price of other competitive units . 
0	this is a snap on case and the edges don t meet up too well . 
1	it is fast enough to grind light weight things like dried herbs ,  too . 
0	i had a toy piano when i was small . 
1	it would also make a perfect spice grinder ,  too ,  if you wanted to use it . 
0	i m going to try some local stores to see if they have any of the old ones in backstock . 
1	use lemons often in cooking and got tired of squeezing by hand . 
0	the tablet recognized that something was plugged in ,  but it didn t work . 
1	id buy another and recommend it to friends and family . 
0	i had figured i was just shedding more because of the weather ,  etc . 
1	baked loaves of bread slip off the slim kneader insert ,  unlike other bread machines i ve owned . 
0	at first i was in love with my new roomba  sage model ,  num_extend
1	these mats work so well ,  there s no sticking even when you re making toffee or granola . 
0	they need to relabel these or make them bigger . 
1	i m probably imagining it but i even think the outside texture of the cake was better . 
0	you might as well not even have a case . 
1	i love that i can put these in a hot oven for the  finish cooking  . 
0	the price for this tiny little bottle not much more than a sample is certainly a rip off . 
1	perfect size to sit the toaster oven on . 
0	i got the cnd remover ,  which i discuss in another review and it works great . 
1	i have had no problems with this cord . 
0	lower levels were a lot more fun ,  no commitments ,  all parties . 
1	washed nicely without the rust i ve encountered on cheaper screens . 
0	i have a pair that is about num_num years old and i ve finally worn a hole through the heels . 
1	the press pots are fantastic for making yerbe mate  actually makes it similar to the traditional brewing method  . 
0	i tried rolling the protector on as slow as possible while rubbing from center out with a microfiber cloth . 
1	but should have done it all the way around . 
0	i can t imagine trying to crack nuts with them if they bent on a crab leg . 
1	bit pricey and a real pain to clean . 
0	now that the gardening season is over ,  i find myself wondering what problem this product is trying to solve . 
1	i bought this case when i bought my iphone early this year . 
0	also the description says a variety of colors ,  which is why i ordered them ,  and they only sent pink . 
1	it works great for that ,  and as a traditional skillet . 
0	the monkeys themselves are cute and a good size . 
1	it was my mistake when ordering this product for the replacement of myscreen on my android thunderbolt . 
0	the game is too annoying for me to continue it . 
1	it keeps doing the job and never lets me down . 
0	my iphone constantly falls out of the holster . 
1	it still lets the crust brown beautiful and does not hurt the edges at all . 
0	the higher the water level ,  the more quiet it is . 
1	can t wait ! original review : i have been looking at this machine for years . 
0	there are many reasons why it is this bad . 
1	we got these on recommendation from america s test kitchen . 
0	stick with the pink lemonade or acai berry . 
1	i found it very difficult to produce decent pasta using them . 
0	the polarizing effect seems to be very weak and it only works within a very narrow range . 
1	purchased this for a coworker after see saw my defense series on my num_extend
0	my partner agreed to test this product for me ,  and we shared our observations ,  which were very similar . 
1	but ,  i do know what i like ,  and i like this phone . 
0	this is not a lasting fragrance or a nice smelling onefor this price at all . 
1	i have the stainless model and really enjoy it . 
0	no problems ,  fast and cheap until exactly num_num year . 
1	i would recommend this to anyone .  .  .  . thank you amazon . 
0	all it really does is just make noise ,  there is no realism to it at all . 
1	it also fits in my purse and i can take it with me to work and school . 
0	ugh !  too strange ,  i had to get rid of it . 
1	for about one third of the price ,  i could care less about the timer . 
0	the product should be renamed  kirkland fiber and chemical laxative tabs  ,  but then no one would buy it . 
1	thick solid plastic not the hollow beam type very strong ,  similar to heavy cooking utensils . 
0	i dont have to go into the problems again . 
1	i like this much better ! i have never made a pizza ,  ever . 
0	i agree with a few of the other users that even drug store brands are better . 
1	i used it for a few months ,  but felt like a num_num year old after while . 
0	i would also note that even though this is very old title there is still an active multiplayer community . 
1	it stays in my ear if the cord gets pulled . 
0	i know that the product already works well so i knew it was a good deal . 
1	like the usb port as welllallows for multiple devices to run at the same time and charge . 
0	i was hopeful to get a bleach blonde color but it was not as pictured . 
1	i highly recommend this garbage can to anyone in the market for a new one . 
0	the  service  person just denied that the smearing happened . 
1	this is a very simple crockpot with only a hi and low setting . 
0	i think what most disappointed me was that the balls are stationary . 
1	the wand is usable ,  it just takes some experimenting to get the timing right . 
0	when i first tried it on ,  i thought i would like it . 
1	it keeps my granite counters safe and that s what i wanted . 
0	the num_extend was the only gun i had that this would absolutely stop the trigger from being moved . 
1	good product headset has an eight hour talk time unlike other headsets . 
0	this game no longer spins in my disc tray . 
1	i had one of these for several years and the edge of it broke off when it got dropped . 
0	hopefully my two remaining shirts will last longer . i will stick to the hanes ,  which seem to be better quality . 
1	i ve had this spatula for over two years now and i simply love it . 
0	this turns out to be very expensive when you have to buy the pad separately . 
1	not perfect in that sometimes you have a wait a few seconds ,  but none of them are . + vanilla android . 
0	using the keyboard and mouse controls is just too difficult and very frustrating . 
1	if you are in love with hello kitty as i am ,  you won t regret it . 
0	if you buy this ,  i would recommend you to drink it fast . 
1	however ,  it required that the height of the shelf space be enough to accomodate this feature . 
0	the colors are not what you see in the picture . 
1	this cord works perfectly and the price couldn t be beat . 
0	after leaving it in for the recommended time my hair shown no improvement . 
1	callers also noted the improved clarity even when i was outside on a windy day . 
0	the taste was no great ,  not bad .  .  .  . just ok . 
1	this num_num pound roll is about the size of a one pint beer glass . 
0	i get a very weak signal in a bedroom that is about num_num feet away from the router . 
1	came in on time well packed with other items i ordered . 
0	if this were the only wii game there was ,  the wii wouldn t have sold num_num copies . 
1	even great for large everyday stock pot dishes like stews and soups !  . 
0	ok some have said the size is a problem ,  i didn t experience this . 
1	already had this wide size but wanted a few more . 
0	very compact when you consider it is almost like carrying two telephoto lens instead of one . 
1	at the very least ,  it didn t protect it . 
0	i ve tried nature calm and it ruined me for a week . i will likely try the pure magnesium next . 
1	they have truly refined their design and production process . 
0	i ordered two  at separate times  and they both were damaged or defective . 
1	i will never ,  ever sharpen my knives with anything else anymore . 
0	the case is handmade so there is some glue left around the case . 
1	in use the very edge will bend or fold over microscopically . 
0	after definitely identifying the num_extend as the culprit ,  i contacted netgear s online tech support . 
1	it s heavy duty ,  doesn t warp ,  browns evenly ,  not absurdly heavy and generally speaking is the perfect baking pan . 
0	bought one at the local cell phone store for a trip using my phone as a gps . 
1	no longer will people reach in with their hands or place the tongs on a dirty counter . 
0	i used these underneath and my hands were just as cold as without them on . 
1	 i use num_num oz disposable solo cups and garnish with crushed graham cracker or nilla wafers . 
0	i felt i should have been wearing a protective mask before using this . 
1	sometimes before we even sit down ,  if people are slow coming to the table after cocktails !  . 
0	add that in and along with some horrible foul calling . 
1	make sure you attach the disk in the perfect location . 
0	i agree ,  once complete ,  material is very hard not like you would expect a clone to be . 
1	i use it several times a week and i am so happy i bought it . 
0	they very cheaply made ,  which is to be expected for the price . 
1	i owned a small gf grill and loved it .  .  . except for the dreaded ,  despicable cleanup . 
0	stopped working the second time i used it .  .  . glad i was paying attention or would have had burnt brownies . 
1	so mine is now the tea pot ,  and i love it . 
0	so stop ogling at your screen ,  you sad people !  . 
1	it s really as good as everyone is saying here . 
0	i could tell because stainless steel has a metal look that is not mistakable . 
1	nicely priced ,  i m ordering another one for myself . 
0	although the ginger is hot , sweet and spicy  and i like that  ,  each piece was difficult to chew . 
1	first ,  i like the large size of this crock pot . 
0	i have another pair ,  in another style which i love . 
1	i was introduced to this instrument by atk . 
0	she is now num_num months and she has never played with it much ,  doesn t interest her . 
1	i received this pink kitchenaid mixer for my first mother s day . 
0	i will not being buying this brand again . 
1	be careful though because my wife cut her finger on it already . 
0	one out of every num_num % xbox num_extend break . 
1	the case is of fair quality so i gave it four stars . 
0	i will not buy anything made by rca in good faith again because of this stupid product . 
1	i have one that i have used for a couple of years and i love it . 
0	for a box meant to store pistols ,  it should have a way to securely locking . 
1	i have never double checked that the coffee pot is turned to  pour  but it has never overflowed . 
0	after reading all the reviews and then buying the game ,  i m very disappointed . 
1	the best tasting coffee one can make period . 
0	part of halo s charm for me and many others was the fact that it wasn t unreal or quake . 
1	but you should know that by looking at it  : p . 
0	don t waste your money trying to buy this as you are not likely to get it . 
1	it s so light you forget you have it on . 
0	you need to get the washable for your children or elderly adults . 
1	this is just like the chargers you would pay twice as much for at stores or cell phone outlets . 
0	the manufacturers provided these details ,  both to me and in their advertised specs . 
1	i do use it constantly to steam vegetables . 
0	this rating is not based on the product . 
1	if you want yours stronger ,  you ll have to grind two rounds of beans . 
0	i thought maybe one of them was miscut but all three in the package were cut wrong . 
1	keeps it perfect for hours . it reheats rice perfectly too . 
0	i have played rpgs with truly memorable plots and characters but those in this game will fade into obscurity . 
1	nice idea actually ,  i could tell the new one from the old . 
0	these headphones are too large and do not adjust to small enough width . 
1	well ,  i just finished the first pass of my home with this new bissell . 
0	the problem is that it never got hot enough . 
1	its combination of plastic and soft rubber is great . 
0	it s a form of determinative combat that really takes all of the thrill and fun out of conflict . 
1	they have been in and out of the dishwasher dozens of times ,  and i ve had no problems . 
0	a cotton shirt might have been able to do the same job . 
1	i really like this headset since i use them for walking and at the gym . 
0	first of all ,  this is tricky to use . 
1	there is now a newer galexy s num_extend with froyo num_extend
0	compared with any other clothing i wear ,  including other cotton tanks ,  this product is substantially undersized . 
1	here i found some clogged hair and lint . 
0	the shutter inside the lens kept on opening and closing . 
1	my wife loves it ,  however ,  you could buy it cheaper at target . 
0	i have one always in sight to open a bottle . 
1	it is small and black and blended in with everything . 
0	then i began to feel and look bloated continuously . 
1	i charged it up and put it in my pocketbook . 
0	i still needed to take photos so i bought a second one . 
1	it s fine for my wife but it is annoying to me . 
0	i cant hardly hear any high frequencies and it only sounds somewhat decent if i use an equalizer . 
1	i found places where the cut was not smooth . 
0	the black part of the tires ended up discolored with streaks . 
1	the batteries don t always get my whole house  even with using both batteries  . 
0	i think that this is a great idea ,  but perhaps was better executed by another company . 
1	had to be trimmed down but it wasn t a problem . 
0	at this price ,  they make nice toys even if they aren t able to be shot . 
1	this is a great hub and has been good for several months . 
0	works sort of ok when the bottle is full but as bottle is emptied it does not work . 
1	i like the clear top  ,  i might just buy a bigger one too . 
0	i m so frustrated that i wasted my money on num_num lbs of this lousy flour . 
1	i cook a lot and use my kitchen tools all the time . 
0	otherwise they were ok i guess not mubh better than that . 
1	play music from your phone through the car stereo and keep your phone charged while traveling . 
0	the pump has been running none stop for num_num weeks now and i have not experienced any issues . 
1	it moves air ,  without too much noise and it small enough to put there where you need them . 
0	i m not sure how this has so many good reviews . 
1	it s so silky smooth to the touch and flexible it just glides gracefully across my kindle fire s screen . 
0	none out of the end of the spout ,  but lots around the threads . 
1	we all felt like it was a shame to have to cut into it . 
0	on top of that ,  it made my nails peel . 
1	but at this price you could buy them every season and get a new one the next year . 
0	i bought this case years ago for my iphone num_num and it started falling apart a week into use . 
1	also ,  my other headsets are jabra and plantronics . 
0	the one good thing about the bar is that it s not very sweet . 
1	so far i haven t had any problems with this product . 
0	i dont know if my hair didnt absorb it but did not like that look . 
1	this is a pretty good assortment of bowls . 
0	i wouldn t buy this again and i definitely would not give this as a gift . 
1	it holds a charge for as long as the original . 
0	i wanted to use this in the rv ,  but it was also a tad large . 
1	although a little bulky ,  it is a very good protector for my phone . 
0	there were literally burned into the meat while the inside of the burger was rare . 
1	i would definitely recommend it and i would buy it again . 
0	they were also a bit heavy ,  but still comfortable . 
1	the instructions are very clearly written and easy to understand . 
0	the lack of directionality from these speakers is an attribute when there are a wide range of seating options . 
1	as a zester ,  it is the best i have ever used . 
0	with poor story progression ,  there isn t much to make one want to put oneself through such a horrible experience . 
1	thats a good num_num feet ?  ?  nice added bonus surprise . performance :  blown away . 
0	you can get away with a casual look to a urban look . 
1	i got this for my chef in training daughter . 
0	through the years i ve been through a number of headsets . 
1	there s no need to and the prolonged heat might damage it . 
0	i ve been very discouraged lately at the changes in hair color . 
1	for years i have fought the idea of grinding my own coffee beans . 
0	well i only used this one for a week ,  so can t really comment on the effectiveness i guess . 
1	and a fantastic space saver too !  !  !  !  i wish i had gotten it sooner !  !  !  . 
0	i finished both versions of outlaw golf on the xbox as well as hot shots golf on the psp . 
1	hard to say if that is bb or the headset . 
0	i am very sad that this product was apparently old ,  it was all dried out and useless . 
1	these cases look great and feel good in the hand . 
0	i returned this mouse to the store within num_num hours of buying it . 
1	the sound quality is good enough for this purpose . 
0	had no choice but to throw it away ,  i feel cheated . 
1	now it s a solid fit and the phone rides ride above the cup holders . 
0	other than that ,  i did receive it ontime just as the company promised !  . 
1	so nice for those situations you can t use your phone ,  but what to check who just hit you up . 
0	then i realized that this liner had dried out even though i had tightly closed it the night before . 
1	it is not going to be submersible just by the design . 
0	it probably deserves two stars ,  but i gave it one to help bring down its overall score . 
1	this external battery back works very well to quickly charge up my iphone . 
0	they won t be getting mine again ,  that s for sure . 
1	the center console of my roadster has a lidded ashtray compartment . 
0	it didn t dry my hair when i tried to dry it when it was wet . 
1	the screen protector scratched ,  my screen stayed perfect . 
0	if any of this sounds exaggerated ,  do some research . 
1	i grill my veggies ,  meats and even fruits on it . 
0	why are you sending me this when i ordered num_num long ago . 
1	this splatter screen works very well and seems to keep the grease from frying foods at a minimum . 
0	on the minus side ,  many consumers prefer not to use a substance derived from petrochemicals on their skin . 
1	this could be quite confusing for a first time multimedia phone user . 
0	first ,  the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
1	being a venezuelan coffee lover ,  having an espresso machine sounded appealing to me ,  and the price was also catchy . 
0	will be returning and getting my $ back . 
1	aside from that; it s nearly the same as the mx num_extend
0	the gel isnt shinny enough and i wont be purchasing this brand again . 
1	they work perfectly with my older vacu vin wine saver . 
0	seriously ,  don t be misled by the description of the krups ,  it really is a poor product . 
1	great for make ahead meals for a quick microwave meal . 
0	happy cleanup ! no additional tools ,  accessories or support for this unit are available on the manufacturer web site . 
1	however ,  i am so glad i have it . 
0	i got this for the galaxy note num_extend
1	this takes all of it and looks great too . 
0	i thought the material would be a bit thicker and totally different . 
1	it is substantially more muffled than the two hoover machines and the oreck that i tested . 
0	well bought this thinking it would help lower the print on me . 
1	top it off with fresh tomato chunks ,  guacamole ,  shredded lettuce ,  and salsa . 
0	it is a sturdy holster ,  nothing cheap about it . 
1	seidio saves you again . this isn t really one case ,  it s two . 
0	i ve had various licorice products from europe and asia . 
1	i have had my ice cream maker for appr . 
0	in this case is two pieces of think soft foam . 
1	these filters do what they re supposed to do and clean up even the crappiest city water . 
0	it just makes me think someone dropped the ball at sennheiser . they are extremely comfortable . 
1	excellent steel and holds its edge very well . 
0	i thought about returning this and replacing it with a medium . 
1	howeve , r i never had any problems from it . vit still works well . 
0	i have a huge thing of this supplement . 
1	we bought this at local kitchen boutique shop . 
0	i watch a lot of aime and am  trying  to learn the language . 
1	i get about % extra atthe end of my day ,  compared to doing nothing . 
0	amazon and wrangler need to put the country of manufacturing on the site when they sell a product . 
1	it is the best case to purchase for the money if you want to protect your valuable electronics . 
0	i wouldn t buy any of their products after seeing what they did with this unit . 
1	we have two in our cabinet and it allows us to easily access all of our plates !  . 
0	not for my dogs !  a very poor quality dog food . 
1	overall it does what it should and its not big or bulky ,  doesn t rattle ,  etc . 
0	i was skeptical with this being in grease form ,  but took the risk . 
1	tremendous battery life and superior bass response make this a superior bluetooth unit . 
0	i will probably return this ,  although for the price i m not sure it s worth the trouble . 
1	while the slim ,  stylized design looks good ,  it feels strange measuring with an oblong cup . 
0	i returned the first  broken  one immediately and had the replacement in just a couple of days . 
1	the case has a rubberized feel to it that is nice . 
0	fine if using a cup . waste of money for me . 
1	i bought this to make ice cream at home . 
0	the maquiar s num_extend it foamed very well ,  but didn t last quite as long . 
1	i grind a large amount of beans every few days and keep it in the refrigerator . 
0	not to mention that the man will be numb for the next hour or two . 
1	if you need to replace your wifi antenna and are missing screws ,  order this !  worked perfect . 
0	it s plain ,  very plain and i honestly feel like i m just wasting calories . 
1	also the loaf of bread and type of bread influence outcome too . 
0	i suffered later with nausea ,  diarrhea and a sense of doom in my innards all night . 
1	in china ,  this is the only knife in most kitchens and is used for everything . 
0	what i had hoped to be a very special gift is now unwearable . 
1	it is just the length that i was looking for . 
0	wanted to use for special occasions and holidays . 
1	product arrived in good condition ,  double boxed with protection everywhere . 
0	this bar has the makings of a good protein bar . 
1	but i think im going to look for something sturdier . 
0	worst of all ,  it does absolutely nothing to moisturize . 
1	there has never been a failure with this product . 
0	it was awesome and i wouldn t have pitched it ,  but i could not find a new paddle for it . 
1	poured some directly onto a glass and filtered the rest . 
0	as i took it home i hid it away so no one would see it . 
1	i have used several brands of screen protectors in the past . 
0	both forms contain pure titanium dioxide that is bound to impurities . 
1	i would highly recommend this case if you want something for complements and just for looks . 
0	the next time i shop for these ,  i will tell you what brands to look for . 
1	the fingers in the scraper fit the grill ridges very well . 
0	the other two styles i got were the sequined one and the leather one . 
1	another complaint was the mixer was loud but it isn t any louder than a hand held mixer . 
0	a cheaper ,  stiffer cord might slip right in . 
1	this looks really nice next to the knife block . 
0	on the second day ,  the pins became uneven ,  because some had retracted up behind the base . 
1	i like them both much better now that i have these new seals . 
0	too many live marketplace content that should have been included into the game disc . 
1	the apt is small with num_num cats ,  needless to explain loud machines are not popular here . 
0	even defective spots are tiny ,  but they are so obvious . 
1	of course ,  you can use it to peel things too . 
0	i wasn t hoping for a chubby cure all ,  just help on my back pain and lifting the girls . 
1	i bought this along with many other parts when i was rebuilding a droid incredible . 
0	everyone is adding things ,  moving things around ,  trying to do what they need . 
1	i like noise when i sleep so none of these bother me at all . 
0	but i returned mine and continue to use my palm iiixe . 
1	in other words they must not be extended . 
0	you get a career ,  a house ,  lose money ,  get paid ,  and the game is over . 
1	the usb port i use that to charge my iphone num_num or my gps and it does me wonders !  . 
0	i used this several times but it didn t prevent fogging on my goggles . 
1	i buy a lot of oxo kitchen items and invariably review them positively on amazon . 
0	 the only possible exception would be the num_extend which i ve tried ,  and they are indeed great . 
1	as long as the indicator is fully extended the machine is cooking as fast as it can . p . p . s . 
0	tried lots of measures to stop squeek to no avail . 
1	followed the above recipe and it worked just fine . 
0	i mailed sennheiser about the problem and received no response . 
1	it is an excellent product ,  but it may not work for everyone depending upon the coverage in your region . 
0	i ordered what i thought was num_extend yellow bb s  as pictured  but instead received num_extend white bb s . 
1	it kills me how this isn t more widely available yet . 
0	had it for a couple weeks before it stopped working under normal wear . 
1	if your car does not have this input ,  this won t work for you . 
0	i am not the best video game reviewer . 
1	if you re looking for a pair ,  these are pretty good . 
0	we received them on the num_extend of february and one died on the num_extend of march . 
1	then last week i noticed it wasn t really sucking very well . 
0	at the end of january i got simpsons road rage . 
1	i bought bamboo clothespins at walmart and they are sturdy and cheap . 
0	i d compare it to trying to clean off caked oatmeal from a bowl after a few num_extend
1	it was very reasonably priced online verse the cell phone carrier . 
0	this works just fine and i will not buy these again . 
1	the scratches are not really troublesome to me ,  but might be a big negative for some . 
0	never have i played such a buggy pay to play mmo ,  it s just pathetic . 
1	sleek design with solid clip to clip it to your car num_extend
0	i guess this is important to keep outside noise out ,  but it was too much for me . 
1	because the gps is on the dash it tends not to have as good mic reception . 
0	the epic feels like the same plastic as a pop bottle ,  literally . 
1	very happy and it does break the lumps up very fast . 
0	i gave up and i ran errands at target and picked up the maybelline mousse foundation . 
1	hers is ages old and going strong as is mine . 
0	i brought them to my friends house to see if her cats liked them . 
1	it is functional and attractive at the same time . 
0	it takes a very long time to get your hair tied up and wounded down . 
1	this may be true as many manufacturers save a buck these days replacing good metal parts with cheaper plastic . 
0	i have only opened the packet to smell it . 
1	it is definitely work getting for your phone . 
0	i have not got it yet but hopefully it will do the trick . 
1	the ones provided with the machine are woefully incomplete . 
0	stay away from this product unless you are comfortable gnawing on a piece of ginger . 
1	if not ,  you will have grinds in your morning coffee . 
0	i think they fully compete and compare with much more expensive denim that is still so popular these days . 
1	it lasted about num_num years with no troubles . 
0	i do not want to do that ,  i paid for these expecting them to work out of the box . 
1	i robbed colored lids from some plastic jars i replaced . 
0	update :  this toy has already stopped working after two short uses . 
1	i also got the yogurt cheese maker ,  this too has been wonderful . 
0	in the midst of this ,  there is no allowing of saving at any point of the mission . 
1	just wet your fingers ,  wet both sides of the protector ,  slap in on and work out the bubbles . 
0	i bought the linksys num_extend num_extend router to replace an old linksys num_extend that i d borrowed from work . 
1	the size of this phone is just fine . 
0	very easy to control with hand ,  but is not a rich matte black or anything . 
1	i have tried several brands and this one is the best performer by far . 
0	there s a good reason this router is so cheap . 
1	the handle recedes to make it less tall to put away . 
0	i took one pill and became so high ,  calm and non motivated . 
1	i was a bit disappointed to find these are stamped steel with rough edges . 
0	you can bend them maybe a dozen times before they fatigue . 
1	i m sooo glad i finally have another . zwilling j . a . 
0	i bought the other controller which is smaller and the buttons are placed better . 
1	i used this thing constantly when i had my atrix . 
0	the tee tree content is pretty high ,  but it s not enough . 
1	i bought this battery for my daughter s htc hero . 
0	i used this maybe five or six times and the paper is completely worn out . 
1	i wanted good protection for my new num_extend and the early reviews were very positive . 
0	if these had been sold as  replacement  or some other wording ,  great . 
1	my nexus one volume is low on some headset but it is not an issue here . 
0	there is one truly great thing about the xbox ,  though :  it makes a truly excellent doorstop . 
1	as a good and devout christian i normally try to avoid temptation . 
0	it is a quality product ,  its just looks stupid to actually wear . 
1	there was also two places with some dust specks under the film . 
0	it drapes nicely about the head and shoulders . 
1	no more wondering if i can make it through the run without charging my headset !   :   . 
0	if you have this product and your cat has litter box issues ,  this is the root of the problem . 
1	visit the app store for some better apps . 
0	it never sat well on my ear ,  no matter how i adjusted it . 
1	excellent charger ,  arrived in perfect condition in its packaging . 
0	the stuff i bought directly from bare minerals was much more expensive but covered flaws and lasted all day . 
1	after taking some to use ,  the remainder stays on the roll well . 
0	i have to rate this item based on my experience ,  so sadly i can only give it one star . 
1	this is nearly impossible due to the torque versus the tab . 
0	it s like my iphone ,  can t see the screen in sunlight . 
1	the recipe comes with the product and we found many other great pressure cooker recipes on the company s website . 
0	i thought maybe i didn t put enough on ,  so i reapplied . 
1	i don t know why i waited so long !  . 
0	this toy takes up too much room and is too much money . 
1	when i got it ,  i compared it with my num_extend headset ,  and they were similar in quality . 
0	massaging seems to work the best of all . 
1	the cable is long and thin ,  exactly as i was expecting it to be . 
0	the shampoo amount is good for short hair and compare to conditioner you will run out quicker . 
1	it may help slightly but not enough for the cost . 
0	the bottom has an inlet and and outlet that is usually covered with a cap . 
1	i never tried the stock antenna ,  but i will at some point ,  just to see what the difference is . 
0	still ,  i think they should make it obvious that it isn t num_extend since that s pretty much the standard today . 
1	we replaced it with another oxo model ,  only because hubby was not crazy about the mechanics of it . 
0	one of the reasons this processor is not so great is the sharp blade . 
1	my husband can break anything that says its unbreakable . 
0	this plastic bit is supposed to stick inside your helmet and then you can clip the mirror onto it . 
1	this utensil drying rack fit wonderfully onto the dish drying rack i ordered the same day . 
0	in addition ,  the bell on the elevator does not work well . 
1	how much can not be determined until after the bread the kneading process has started . 
0	after reading a number of sites deticated to hummingbirds ,  they all say to not purchase special sugar . 
1	there is no lag while browsing or using the touchscreen at all . 
0	super cute ,  but my puppy broke it pretty easily . 
1	the rye and french loaves were amazing with fondue . 
0	it looks indestructible though ,  and is generally as described . 
1	the biggest reason for that heft is heat retention . 
0	i did not have problems with the whistle nor did i have problems with rusting . 
1	after some research ,  i came across this frother ,  and bought it as a gift for him . 
0	now the same thing has happened with my gamecube . 
1	my phones always take a beating but this is the first cover to withstand it !  !  !  !  . 
0	i like that this is a timed device . 
1	while many are not outside in windy conditions using their cellular phone ,  i do . 
0	new quality tube ,  tried to adjust spokes and frozen spoke nut spun around and drilled into tube . 
1	i just got my num_extend and i totally love this thing . 
0	i might drink it if i run out some day . 
1	bought one of these a year or so ago and use it often inside the bbq and the oven . 
0	you cannot chose what your opponent s ships will be . 
1	the measure markings are clear and easy to read . 
0	i tried this product ,  and couldn t discern that it did much of anything ,  except smell like flowers . 
1	i bought the last one several years ago and it is still running strong . 
0	but ever the optomist ,  i decided that i should give it a try . 
1	i had one of these for num_num years and it finally stopped working . 
0	i paired the headset with both phones ,  but it would automatically update to only one phone . 
1	i get complaints from the other person that the noise around me is very loud . 
0	the bling keeps turning on my phone and draining my battery . 
1	i m no coffee aficionado ,  but i ve got no complaints about this standard coffee maker . 
0	if i record movie or program from satellite  dishnetwork  . 
1	i have started making sushi at home and this is the best mat i have used . 
0	on my third and final use ,  i unknowingly got the metal plate off its track . 
1	i have a iphone num_num with a magpul cover and the phone fits with no problems . 
0	really not needed or better than just holding a knife . 
1	i got this to replace a cover that i had gotten when i got the phone . 
0	my husband tried his droid ,  and even in the case it fit just fine . 
1	one for me and the other for my mother . 
0	the myriad of  game of the year  designations are not deserved . 
1	then with my iphone ,  i switched into bluetooth discovery mode and instantly found the plantronics device . 
0	had one of these knives ten years ago . 
1	it s also made in malaysia . so ,  what do we have here ?  it s a very spacious ,  num_num ounce thermos . 
0	i did now have any of the side effects i read other people had . 
1	this knife is great ,  with just a couple of drawbacks . 
0	recently returned home after num_num days to a major fish kill  many tetras died  . 
1	some folks don t like the plastic handle ,  but i have no problem and really love using it . 
0	this game has nothing to do with robots and cops . 
1	as an added bonus ,  it looks luxurious and impressive on the kitchen counter . 
0	or so it was until far cry hit the scene from out of nowhere . 
1	this measuring cup works like every other measuring cup . 
0	if you don t have a phillips electric toothbrush ,  you have to use an adapter for the brush head . 
1	we spray it with nonstick spray before we load it up and it is easy to clean up afterwards . 
0	i may run out and buy sugar as a back up until i get my sweetener . 
1	omlettes ,  potato pancakes ,  sauteing vegetables ,  roasting a whole chicken ,  etc . 
0	i sprayed in the cd leave in and my hair only felt wet with a strong smell of vanilla . 
1	unfortunately ,  i also received it with a less than perfect water tank lid  it was broken  . 
0	the cheese is kind of cloying and the texture gluey once you get through the initial crunch . 
1	i love this cake pan !  it s heavy and durable ,  and made in the usa . 
0	not to mention the zipper broke week one . 
1	have been using this pan for a couple of weeks . 
0	as the a few weeks went by it started falling apart . 
1	i got my brother this product for his phone and he really loves the fit and stretch . 
0	i left it on the counter and accidentally picked it up later when i needed a pen . 
1	the really hard part was opening the ipod . 
0	when i saw the size of the box ,  i was worried . 
1	these jugs are made of thick glass so they hold up very well ,  they hold num_num liters . 
0	doesn t lift stains but does wipe down daily dirt just fine . 
1	i bought this even before i got my verizon gnex and couldn t wait to put it on . 
0	the only benefit is it smells good but it s not worth the money at all . 
1	however this feature is not enabled in the north american version ,  because such broacasts are not available here . 
0	drinks that make you wish you hadn t tasted them are just not anything i can recommend . 
1	i have to say ,  i m totally surprised at the few bad reviews of these pans . 
0	i would not recommend this product to anyone . 
1	also ,  with the new contacts app ,  the index is small and along the right edge of the screen . 
0	smell is gone ,  but only after other methods . 
1	haven t uses my most recent order ,  but hopefully it will be just as durable . 
0	definitely a rip off to buy at full price . 
1	i ve owned this baking sheet since september num_extend
0	i put the main  globe  together first and it was incredibly frustrating . 
1	you can dial which holes to open and shake and boom :  nice amount of salt comes out . 
0	it seems that the pyle speakers which are mounted on the front dashboard are having a subwoofer boxed effect . 
1	i made the big mistake of getting a dutch oven and not ordering this at the same time . 
0	either my shirt was mislabeled ,  or someone doesn t know how large to make  large  size shirt . 
1	these are good sturdy measuring cups with solid handles . 
0	not worth the money ,  its a complete waste . 
1	if you need a bluetooth unit ,  give this a try . 
0	we ve had the toy now for a month and he is not very interested in it . 
1	since my friends and family always comment on how nice my collection is . 
0	i think i will likely throw them out . 
1	great cover if you dont mind having to open the ipod up . 
0	this classic toy was super cool way back when and just ok now . 
1	i really like this item ,  now my biscuits get done and crispy brown on the bottom . 
0	the races in that game are very different . 
1	i do not think this would be a long term thing . 
0	it snaps the dog s head to the side . 
1	very fast ,  shuts off automatically when the water is boiled . 
0	it did not !  i will not buy anymore . 
1	its compact size and sleek look has won me over . 
0	we do not recommend these pads except maybe in the first month or so of a small dogs life !  . 
1	beautiful !  it has no odor and even makes your hands feel soft . 
0	if you really need to see the keys in low light ,  look elsewhere . 
1	i then went through setting up a secure connection . 
0	didn t even ask ,  just figured it was a fluke ,  and bought another set . 
1	lately the cell coverage seemed to be getting even worse . 
0	besides this buggy game ,  i have not had any issues with the num_extend previously . 
1	num_num watts is perfect for this family s needs ,  and this cuisinart hasn t let us down . 
0	since the plates are a bit warped ,  you can t get a good rubbing of the pictures . 
1	with a light cooking spray ,  the cake pops out flawlessly without loss of detail . 
0	i requested to return the item to trademark via amazon . com . 
1	it s lightweight ,  fits snugly ,  and has plenty of shock protection . 
0	i would recommend a different game , its one on the num_num i would recommend . 
1	i also own a num_extend lodge dutch oven . 
0	the fabric is obviously too fragile because mine did not make it to the house without tearing . 
1	of all things to think of during the installation ,  getting it straight is the most important num_extend
0	these neither fit my smallest cabinet in my rv nor do they fit well within their telescoping tube . 
1	the motor section should be fairly difficult to get dirty ,  but is easy to just wipe clean . 
0	it easily fell out and misses the button when tried to put back in . 
1	charge works fine and does what it is supposed to do . 
0	this granola is not near as good as many others i have tasted . 
1	just what i was looking for but i really wanted a purple one . 
0	this tangle therapy tool ,  comes apart super easy . 
1	we have a lot of android devices and an apple device . 
0	my cat was on the bed when it fell off the wall . 
1	very cool silver and seems to be protective . 
0	however ,  the mint produces a really nice tingle on my scalp . 
1	it feels like an appropriate weight to my male hands . 
0	i have fond memories of it and wanted to play it again ,  but good lord ,  how . 
1	got this to take along with me when traveling and camping . 
0	i paid extra for double spice chai tea and received what is at best their regular spice chai tea . 
1	i wish they had one for iphone plug . 
0	sizing was not right returned it got refund bought a nice thick leather belt instead . 
1	i often have friends asking me to borrow it when we re out and about . 
0	after that i ended up sticking this in my cupboard and repurchasing the cystex . 
1	this scoop is actually kind of fun to use . 
0	i attached the product according to the directions . 
1	it also comes with a handy little funnel to assist in the filling process . 
0	despiteseveral turns and repositioning ,  it only resulted in mini jagged boulders . 
1	requested as a gift ,  since it is a familiar item for the recipient . 
0	it maybe good for look but not protecting it from a fall . 
1	i am changing all my cookware to stainless steel and purchased this to go along with items i have . 
0	lost a few stars as the description was not totally true to form . 
1	i bought one for home and one for work . 
0	the earbuds come with three additional eartips to allow for a good fit . 
1	the omelettes they make taste the same . interestingly ,  the kittarmor model included a better recipe . 
0	finally ,  it turns itself on and off by itself ,  even if we are charging no devices . 
1	this fan is one of num_num that work without flaws . 
0	the hose squeezes out most of the remaining water so that it can contract and be recoiled . 
1	please update picture to what you are selling . 
0	darn ,  don t waste your time and money like i did . 
1	i bought these to use with my num_num inch deep dish glass pie pan . 
0	not only did it keep it warm ,  but it kept it so hot that the contents overcooked . 
1	of course cannot guarantee that will happened every time ,  but that was one less broken glass . 
0	i ve been loyal to netgear ,  and tried hard to stay loyal with this purchase ,  but i can t . 
1	this was a zip to put up and easily accomodated the exact number of glasses advertised . 
0	the other worked as usb instead of as ac . 
1	i am pleased with the fit and function . 
0	i ve tried numerous brands of stevia and this is not worth the price . 
1	the smooth coating they put on seems to wear fairly easy . 
0	in the meantime ,  i need a good back support . 
1	just like the other reviews ,  i am very happy with how strong the magnet is on this holder . 
0	not impressed with these ,  wish i had not ordered them . 
1	the rectangular containers are smaller than i expected ,  but everything is of good quality . 
0	if anything ,  it was more clogged than when i started . 
1	half the price of the cell phone store for the same item . 
0	the box has two seals of  best of num_extend from gamespot and gamepro . 
1	use the bottle then start with your pump . 
0	oh ,  and once i washed this henna out ,  my hair was the same . 
1	the other two sets i bought for color  one is orange ,  the other green  and price point  cheap !   . 
0	i am buying a new container to store a second type of cat food . 
1	i ve had mine for awhile and it looks brand new . 
0	i believe they can do something about the design of the handles . 
1	once i managed to set it up it has a secure fit that won t fall or anything . 
0	in typical dreamcatcher fashion ,  the graphics are wonderful and the music is very relaxing and laid back . 
1	the range is exceptional and they hold a charge like nothing else !  they deliver what s promised . 
0	you parade around shooting nazis and getting shot maybe twenty times ,  then pick up a canteen ,  which heals you . 
1	the charger doesn t grip the battery ,  but it s fine as long as it s flat . 
0	this is a pretty decent thing for practicing your guitar through your iphone or ipad . 
1	i would buy another in a second if needed . 
0	read the ingredients :   evaporated cane juice   regular white sugar  is the second ingredient . 
1	the bodum coffee press is of very high quality ,  beautifully designed and makes wonderful coffee . 
0	this is a horrible title ,  go buy ico instead you ll be happier .  .  . trust me . 
1	if you stick to making traditional milkshakes in this baby you can t go wrong . 
0	this is an overall good game ,  but it suffers from horrid online lag . 
1	i find this to be the case of all headsets ,  bluetooth or corded . 
0	i love jason s other products ,  especially the num_num spf face lotion so i gave this a try . 
1	sent a picture of the crack and the replacement part was on its way fedex . 
0	you really need something that comes up over the sides and encases it . 
1	i used the same screen protector for num_num years . 
0	i bought this kit thinking it was a good deal ,  but that turned out to not be the case . 
1	i like it ,  but it makes my phone really bulky . 
0	nope ,  almay smart shade blush isn t so smart and it barely changed color for me . 
1	especially if you season it well each time . 
0	sorry if i m wrong ,  it just a bad feeling based on my above observations . 
1	second ,  this kit has excellent value for your money :  the replacement parts bought separately would cost much more . 
0	they said to use lower heat and don t use cooking sprays . 
1	then you ll get the instant read each time . i ve washed this ,  i ve dropped it ,  and it s still going strong . 
0	at best it will fill a standard coffee cup num_extend with slightly over num_extend
1	the mounting options allows it to work for almost any situation . 
0	pros : everyone who sees this microwave thinks the knob and look is super cool . 
1	i don t think i would lay a bottle on its side with one of these in it ,  though . 
0	our current food is nature s domain turkey meal and sweet potato which is sold at costco . 
1	as far as males are concerned ,  both of them have ,  how shall we put this politely ,  memory issues . 
0	perplexus balls are a big hit in my home; we have the rookie ,  the original ,  and the epic . 
1	then pair the unit after installing the battery of course . 
0	the game is based on paper ,  rock ,  scissors ,  and is purely based on what the computer draws . 
1	i bought this pan a couple of months ago ,  and i ve found it very handy . 
0	it is either too tight or it falls down my arm . 
1	will be getting more products from thisseller for sure . therese . 
0	i finally got a chance to pull it out of its pot today ,  washed all the dirt off . 
1	its big enough and adjustable for any phone . 
0	but i think this type of process could be different for different people . 
1	anyway ,  this thing does a doozy for marinating meet . 
0	i was so excited to decorate his apron for him with some iron on patches . 
1	super fast shipping ,  product as described ,  fits perfectly . 
0	it is the loosest and hardest to transform toy i ve bought for my five year old son . 
1	i ve said for years i wanted a set like it . 
0	apparently ,  the motor is so weak that it can only handle the lightest task . 
1	sure beats pressing the recessed button on top . 
0	the mouse attachment would fall off within seconds without being touched when the toy was turned on . 
1	i think the paint is a satin finish and a couple years old . 
0	adventure of link was good enough as a game that i finished it ,  but this game is just terrible . 
1	i figure i ve had it for num_num years . 
0	the only reason i did not return it was i needed it to pass an electrical inspection . 
1	this is actually quite heavy in the base ,  but we store it in our pantry when not in use . 
0	the chaulky feel is a mystery ,  and it does seem to provide adequate moisture . 
1	i had one of the spinners that you had to crank ,  was tiring and slow . 
0	the verdict :  bland graphics ,  average soundtrack ,  inexcusable ai and no real plot . 
1	also ,  at night ,  gives a cool blue effect from the lighted up part . 
0	other than dry ingrediants ,  i can t think of what else you would use it for . 
1	i bought more and kept a set for myself . 
0	when the glasses arrived i could see through the packaging that stripes were already scraping off . 
1	you can t use something like this in a mad rush or let kids use this without your undivided attention . 
0	these are very well written and laugh out loud funny . 
1	when chicken is done ,  remove to a heated plate . 
0	my girlfriend ,  who used it almost everyday ,  simply had it hanging around her neck when it broke . 
1	this is my first android phone and i love it . 
0	the multiplayer was fun for about num_num minutes until i realized if you have a rocket launcher .  .  . you win . 
1	a couple swipes on my steel and it is ready to go again . 
0	the num_extend also has by far the best today num_extend
1	i also got myself the black one a few months back and it is wonderful . 
0	now it s just junk and will have to be thrown out . 
1	i can t see any difference between this and a $ charger ,  other than the price . 
0	degree has the peculiar instructions to apply the product at night time . 
1	a little close for comfort but ,  frankly ,  i was desperate . 
0	hard plastic under the heel with hardly any cushion and no cushion at all in the forefoot area . 
1	they don t break and they aren t near as heavy as the larger pyrex bowls . 
0	for those with diabetes and those with edema or swollen feet . 
1	to me its one of the best sellers on iphone . 
0	till one day ,  it warmed no more . i did not worry . 
1	this is a nice item and i m sure will serve me well for years to come . 
0	but if you re washing anything breakable  ceramic ,  glass ,  china ,  crystal ,  etc .   ,  then you re doomed if you use these gloves . 
1	so rather than go through $ glass carafes regularly ,  i decided to try this . 
0	it is steaming along with an oily layer from the steam . 
1	so i enjoy having the headphones block out all the other sound . 
0	this did lessen over the month ,  but was still there . 
1	then ,  i discovered that the water reservoir valve leaked at times ,  resulting in leakage of water onto the counter . 
0	will go back to powder when they are gone . 
1	very cool looking case reminds me of robocop chest plate in the gun metal color . 
0	a crappy job on a game makes you sick . lastly ,  i am a completionist . 
1	replacing great grandmother s that had become so very rusty . 
0	maybe i could give it more time ,  but they said better looking skin in five days . 
1	there s a reason why corelle is the gold standard for dinnerware . 
0	it doesn t look like this one has it . it s basically a frying pan that puts grill marks on your food . 
1	these batteries work like a charm ,  and the price was perfect . 
0	i was completely disappointed with this product by russell . 
1	green hornet movie :  it was ok to watch it . 
0	first order i called and told amazon i got the wrong size . 
1	i love it and will buy it again when this one wears out . 
0	i give this stinkburger a num_num out of num_extend
1	he is able to use it easily the bottom flips out and that is the way you talk . 
0	after every brewing ,  the inside lid would be covered with grounds and would have to be cleaned off . 
1	feels cheap but it works !  it is quite small and fits in nice and tight . 
0	what a disappointment for a highly rated toy . 
1	we decided to get the same product basically and are very satisfied again . 
0	overall ,  it is more like one of those disgusting chewy protein bars than a indulgent snack bar . 
1	set them on trivets and serve right at the table . 
0	i most definitely recommend trying a different pair . 
1	this is where i find a good silpat absolutely essential . 
0	logos on them and packed in a plastic bag . 
1	it works really well and does a decent job in cooking a shell that s better for you . 
0	bought this game because it got such stellar comments . 
1	every time i use it i m amazed all over again . 
0	i am surprised by how i reacted to this ,  since i ve figured derma e made good ,  quality products . 
1	this goes for all brands and models of french press products . 
0	it s a waste of money if it only lasts a couple months . 
1	even at highway speeds ,  it doesn t pick up any background noise at all . 
0	it is handy to clean the bore of a revolver from breech to muzzle . 
1	this pizza cutter is so smooth to operate . 
0	the speaker ,  like all the others sucks !  the volume is way too low . 
1	the air quality in my apt has improved dramtically . 
0	i even tried it on one eyelid and nothing on the other . 
1	the clean tank and the dump tank are close together . 
0	i was surprised at how well they stuck though . 
1	these filters are a bit thicker than the honeywell oem but they work just as well . 
0	too much effort required to make these work and the instructions are poor . 
1	i use this grill for sandwiches only ,  so can t speak to it s cooking meats ,  etc . 
0	corn for me is a supersensitivity and it causes my asthma . 
1	the temp gauge is easy to read; you just turn it like a dial . 
0	these chicken strips  and most others like them  are priced so low they are hard to resist . 
1	best dollar i ever spent .  .  . this rice cooker actually works ,  and very well at that . 
0	my wife was skeptical for the cost of it ,  now she wants her trusty $
1	after reading a couple reviews ,  i decided to try the bunn filters first . 
0	the sam s club generic is $ for num_num tablets !  that s $ per tablet . 
1	i bought this last year and have been really pleased with it . 
0	i know the cable was seated so it must simply be defective . 
1	i have also baked bread in this pan and it turned out beautifully . 
0	but it still lasted less than num_num hours before it was dead again . 
1	since then i ve been listening for the  click  that flips the red light to the green . 
0	it fits a wrist more than anything which sucks . 
1	you will even add your own style and variations to it . 
0	after all ,  wifi is the reason to buy this unit for the price you have to pay . 
1	i haven t actually used this yet but i did plug it in to make sure it worked . 
0	i ll make do and next time i will pay more attention to the reviews . 
1	the price here is the same as the manufacturer s site ,  but for now you save on the shipping . 
0	i think the problem is that the spices used are old ,  thus leaving an unpleasant afterburn after eating . 
1	the basket stays in great shape and can be washed in the dishwasher . 
0	i couldn t see my rear sight at all . the front post sight was barely visible and looked off center . 
1	even our us china makers make drinking cups in the num_num to num_num ouncesrange . 
0	first ,  the date says to use by num_extend num_num years from now . 
1	everything comes out great with a wonderful grilled taste that i love . 
0	spend your money on buying a quality ball that will last . 
1	i have three ,  yes num_extend of these in my shower . 
0	it is an inferior game packaged in the duel monsters wrapper . 
1	i have had mine  bought refurbished ,  no less  for several years ,  never had any trouble with it . 
0	besides this fiasco there were way to many air bubbles even when the screen was clear of dust . 
1	no problems with the filter because i wash the parts immediately after pouring the coffee into my cup . 
0	i bought four of these two years ago ,  because i need a grabber in every room . 
1	i ve made beef jerky several times with this ,  and it works fantastic . 
0	we do not guarantee its performance when used on digital slr cameras .   . 
1	slid on my sprint iphone num_extend with a little force . good investment for abrasion resistance . 
0	they shipped it by boat which took a month for it to arrive . 
1	this is what the damn phone should have come with in the first place . 
0	in other words ,  you need to be clairvoyant . 
1	a red light on the headset turns blue when it is fully charged . 
0	this unit sprung a leak after less than a year of service . 
1	i bought these in the promo with the cuisinart chef s classic stainless num_extend cookware . 
0	when i first bough the product they fit my girlfriends wrist perfectly . 
1	this filter is excellent for a coffee machine . 
0	tastes awful and she would not touch it . 
1	compact and sturdy ,  easy to store in home or camper . 
0	unfortunately i did not have enough patience to wait for one for my usp . 
1	i bought my daughter a blow dryer caddy for christmas that hands on a towel bar . 
0	but users of pvr software keep their machines up and running num_extend
1	the cathartic effects of kneading bread are way overblown ,  in my opinion . 
0	intense scrubbing with a dish brush does not work . 
1	i purchased this anker product and it worked exactly as described . 
0	i have been using it daily for about num_num months now with no improvement for my acne . 
1	i ordered this as a replacement for the one i had that broke . 
0	i ve put up with this soap dispenser for at least four years now . 
1	just remember you can t just throw a cast iron pot into the dishwasher . 
0	it is maybe worth about num_num bucks ,  suitable for airsoft kids toys . 
1	they don t last very long so i replace them often ,  every couple years . 
0	recipient still delighted with it after four months of daily use . 
1	the bissell cleanview ii is not that expensive and does a good job . 
0	but for some reason the bag slides around and always ends up resting on my hip . 
1	it looks pretty good quality so very happy with it . 
0	after research i realized that i can t fix it because it s made very flimsy ,  so it s unrepairable . 
1	after reading reviews i finally decided to get this gadget . 
0	when we first got this toy i loved it and my son did ,  too . 
1	the recipes are good ,  i use the simple white bread recipe as my standard one . 
0	hopefully accessory export would make its product more quality . 
1	did not go on smooth and could not smooth out most of the bubbles . 
0	but ,  the sponge holder has no ventilation or drainage . 
1	great item to have at home holds your coffee hot for num_num hours and is programmable . 
0	google it and see the study  cardiology department at the cleveland clinic in cleveland ,  ohio  . 
1	wish i looked closer at them and notice that they didn t . 
0	may be my fault and not the product but i could not apply them correctly . 
1	i use this on any stove top and it cooks great . 
0	it s all shooting ,  no fighting or dirving at all . 
1	my only drawback ,  and it s very slight ,  is that it s quite heavy . 
0	i have been noticing my cat having difficulty breathing every time after drinking from her fountain . 
1	it s no more broken ginger bread men and house pieces . 
0	i couldn t even force feed it to them because they are so big . 
1	this item could easily be passed down through generations . 
0	i have a num_num month old golden retriever that tore the beak off within a day of getting it . 
1	we always season out pans ,  new or not . 
0	freeze the weighted arm in place with hot glue . 
1	it s nicely made ,  and will probably last a long time . 
0	this razor does provide a smooth shave ,  that s all the good i can say about it . 
1	oxo makes fantastic products for all kitchen needs . 
0	while i am sure it is very healthy the taste to me was very bland . 
1	it is big ,  well made ,  even walls ,  tight fitting lid . 
0	button placement not as intuitive as on the num_extend
1	this one fits the cellphone and it was easy to install . 
0	but never mind ,  because once i formatted it as ntfs this benchmark ran in num_num mins num_num secs . 
1	my stock battery was not holding a charge anymore . 
0	this stuff is mostly corn and grain filler that s not good for cats . 
1	the screen protector is great ,  i mean it s probably the best out there . 
0	the shaft of the boot was too narrow ,  and i couldn t get my foot into the boot . 
1	my review still stands ,  this is a wonderful product . 
0	what you get might not be what you re expecting . 
1	it is great for baking smaller amounts of food ,  like fish sticks ,  chicken breast fillets ,  french fries etc . 
0	my experience with frontline plus involves both cats and dogs . 
1	i have the iphone and i have this samsung . 
0	that s probably the best part of the game . 
1	he was wearing his iphone num_extend on his left side safely tucked away in this otterbox defender case . 
0	it is unfathomable how anyone could be so lazy . 
1	i even chose to stack to even store more toiletries . 
0	my dog had this torn open in less than num_num minutes . 
1	these do everything that fridge magnets do ,  plus they clip things . 
0	it s gone pretty fast and my face is left looking drab . 
1	i love the fact the price was cheap . 
0	i don t guess i was a good as i thought . 
1	volume controlrequires a adjustment for increasing the volume to hear callers . hope this review will assist in your purchase . 
0	i tried cleaning it with baking soda and vinegar and that helped but it appears the surface  faded off  . 
1	i break eggs for all the cups into it while it sits on the counter . 
0	the color that s seen online is a darker color than what you receive . 
1	it s sturdy and great quality . but yes ,  it s a bit of a sledgehammer . 
0	if you re buying for a kid ,  i would avoid suggest getting them a comic book instead . 
1	no complaints ,  everything works as it should and it all seems to be durable . 
0	maybe if they made one that was wider instead of taller . 
1	i got this for my daughter in her car ,  it was perfect and exactly what she was needing . 
0	maybe it s my fault that this slip did not fit well . 
1	i bought this set as a good jump off point and am very impressed . 
0	just got the green and red round laces and am supremely incensed to see how cheap they are . 
1	now people can see what they are reaching for . 
0	nothing was explained to you and you were left to your own devices to figure out the world . 
1	i clean it within a few minutes of using it and it cleans up beautifully . 
0	i ordered two dockers men s signature khaki pants num_extend
1	my cheesecake batter was much thicker and more viscous than water . 
0	 i did find that our daughter liked the traditional drum better !   . 
1	you won t be necessarily get anything better for more money ,  just bigger if you need it . 
0	it was not used as a butcher block as that is too thin for such usage . 
1	this blender does a great job crushing ice and is a cinch to clean . 
0	much easier  and way cheaper  to just fill their litter boxes with cage bedding . 
1	i ve also come to use it to clean up the dough and such from my work surface . 
0	amazon offered a speedy replacement free of charge and packed alone it arrived in one piece . 
1	with a larger handle i d give this pitcher five stars . 
0	i thought about returning it ,  but the lotion seems to have moisturizing properties ,  so i just kept it . 
1	i haven t had any issues with leaks ,  especially since i don t see where it would leak from . 
0	their hard rubber toys are excellent ,  but avoid the stuffed . 
1	three minutes on the stove with my favorite popcorn  quinn s  and i couldn t be happier . 
0	restarted the phone several times and it would just turn itself off . 
1	pairs instantly with the iphone num_extend moto droids ,  and even an ipad . 
0	the vibrations produced at touching piano keys are transmitted to the microphone . 
1	it s simple and attractive as well but it would be better if the glass beaker was a little thicker . 
0	not something i want to use around my small children ,  back this goes . 
1	i picked this item up at a local store . 
0	i used it for a long time anyway until i found one that really works well ,  the c . 
1	it was not an otter box and that is what i wanted for my pocket . 
0	it did not work at all this time . 
1	i had to replace my anodized omelet pan because the finish was worn . 
0	worse ,  some of these cds will fail to play in anything after a few days . 
1	at $ the nordic ware cake lifter is comparably priced to the smaller ,  lighter ,  wilton cake $
0	as someone else said ,  it starts out slow and then the story develops . 
1	this fits really well to my wife s iphone num_extend
0	i never got a chance to wear this item i just tossed it into the trash . 
1	found it on amazon for less and i love it . 
0	first ,  it s made of very thin plastic ,  which means it s just flimsy overall . 
1	but certainly one of the . best .  . would buy it again . what else can i say . 
0	i tried it on a new unicomp keyboard and an older ibm model m . 
1	in my area there are broadcast stations on num_extend and num_extend but they do not interfere with this device . 
0	 which i returned to amazon the other one is in so . 
1	cos she can easily see the numbers on the keyboard . 
0	furthermore ,  the openmg software provided by sony for this purpuse  stinks  . 
1	i ve owned this grinder for num_num years plus and use it frequently for grinding coffee and spices . 
0	i m gonna get right to the point with this one . 
1	it is elegant ,  highly functional ,  and very light and compact . 
0	how dumb is that !  ! the control panels are clunky . 
1	really ! the all clad pots and pans have a lifetime warranty . 
0	maybe i was doing something wrong but i couldn t get it to pair with my blackberry or my num_extend
1	i changed cells so looking to get one for that too . 
0	however ,  i have been on a diet that restricts processed foods for a few months paleo  . 
1	it is also an excellent way to hang your ironing board after use ,  as the hooks are perfect . 
0	maybe its the organic thing but it s not for me . 
1	i have yet to use it but it seems to be a nice item . 
0	i have been wearing reef s since num_extend specifically the ginger style . 
1	the only minor complaint is that the wall charger is rated at num_extend amps . 
0	plus ,  kids are supposed to be able to make a little mess; it s how they learn . 
1	i am not sure how long all the attachments will last but they are great . 
0	unless you are specifically looking to fill your trash bin ,  don t buy this item . 
1	i ve had models twice as expensive as this one ,  as well as significant cheaper ones . 
0	dockers belts ,  including this one ,  used to be quality made . 
1	i looked on youtube at the sunbeam review and it is noisy . 
0	will i have to pry it open again ?  hopefully not . tl;dr ?  don t buy plantronics . 
1	this is a handy kitchen utensil for sure !  it is very useful for peeling veggies . 
0	did not last long enough in my opinion and should not be listed as a super tough toy . 
1	i use this all the time ,  mostly to make my cheesecake mixes but it works for just about everything . 
0	i do not care for the bitter after taste of these bars . 
1	well worth the money . pull out a clean one when you change your food product . 
0	they may be a  healthier  snack ,  but this one definitely wasn t very tasty . snikiddy boasts of an all natural product . 
1	a light goes on when the machine needs decalcification . 
0	the graphics are nice which they should be . 
1	mine still looks almost brand new after one year of usage . 
0	its a total compelty different one . doesnt look nothing like this the one i recieved . 
1	saving lots of money by smoking our own meat or even just buying a precooked ham or turkey breast . 
0	the cake is crumbly ,  it was falling apart as i tried to slice it . 
1	takes a little longer but i don t have to switch chargers . 
0	if you like being hit over the head with every musical point ,  perhaps these may be for you . 
1	the bar is nice and solid and has a magnet that holds the knives firmly in place . 
0	if you like bold ,  you can t go wrong with any of their offerings . 
1	my wife uses it to make sauces and gravy and she like the even heat . 
0	either wait and see if the price drops again ,  or buy something else . 
1	but this one is for having music fun !  . 
0	anyway ,  i followed the written instructions for the installation of this product to the letter . 
1	i was a little disappointed with the screen protector as it seems a little short . 
0	i used scott num_num sheet single ply in college and this stuff makes that feel like charmin . 
1	the best part they also include a backside protector as well . 
0	there was a large piece of copper wire in one of the bags i received . 
1	i am glad i ignored them and purchased anyway . 
0	this toy is not even a justt ok quality . 
1	looks like they know what they are doing . 
0	it says num_extend depth but won t fit newer higher beds . 
1	and i buy everything at amazon ,  so that says a lot . 
0	the meat doesn t move very well and there is a lot of meat stuck in it at the end . 
1	i used this for about a year when the readings started to bounce around . 
0	so once i buy a new mailing envelope i may as well keep the darn thing . 
1	it s fast ,  but it will charge or power only one phone or other device at a time . 
0	aspects is the primary manufacturer using bpa that i am aware of . 
1	it s practically impossible to chip .  .  . i ve accidentally banged pieces on hard granite countertops that would break most dishware . 
0	this formula was the first to be shunned . 
1	you have to use the supplied ice container ,  fill it with water and freeze it first . 
0	it got to the point that we were prisoners in our own home . 
1	great angle so i can see who is calling and pull over to answer if need be . 
0	im trying to figure out how to add a fake nail and make it look better . fast shipping+ . 
1	it came in along with num_num other stuff neatly packaged and was on time . 
0	it also left my hair feeling like straw ,  and i had very healthy hair to begin with . 
1	granted you can purchase an electric for the price you pay for this one but i ll pass . 
0	i did try a different toner from hazel that worked miracles on my skin . 
1	can t wait to try it outdoors too but for now ,  indoors works great . 
0	i stop to breathe ,  and num_num monster come tearing at me . 
1	everything lines up perfect and it installs easily with no bubbles . 
0	i advise any eating luna bars to consider this information and do some research . 
1	their size is convenient and easy to carry around with your device . 
0	some might say  well ,  that adds realism !   sure . 
1	the rubber seems to be of much higher quality . 
0	i almost threw up from the smell; luckily i have a num_num minute drive . 
1	i don t know what i would do without this !  . 
0	it will certainly remind you of the movies ,  but it sounds nowhere near as good as it could ve have . 
1	this model is almost identical to my old one ,  so i shouldn t have any trouble working with it . 
0	bought for my son to do game capture voice overs . 
1	it is so nice to smoothly slide it out where it s off the floor and closer to the counter . 
0	if you re looking for multiple screen protectors look somewhere else . 
1	great case and works really well for my wife s iphone num_extend
0	once i ve it ,  i was very dissapointed with the weight of this power supply . 
1	using mixer ,  add in softened butter until thoroughly distributed . 
0	tastes much better ,  but is not as portable . 
1	it also works great to smooth raw cake batter in the pan before baking . 
0	the sad part is mt grandson would have loved this if it stayed together . 
1	it s more of a  dauber  ,  like something you d use on bingo cards . 
0	there are no new aspects not seen in rpgs before it ,  and nothing is original . 
1	they re both skinny ,  so i ll keep making baked donuts with these great pans now and then for me . 
0	in the end this knife will just be sitting collecting dust on a shelf . 
1	the phone comes with some apps that can t be deleted . 
0	this thing works at a heater ,  but just barely . 
1	too bad but if you get lucky ,  as i did ,  and the machine works ,  it s a great investment . 
0	i could wear the plantronics bluetooth for hours; this one is agony after a few num_extend
1	this is a really good coffee maker for the money . 
0	i have several cheapo stuffed dog toys from walmart that have lasted for months . 
1	i m no expert ,  by any means ,  but you won t be dissatisfied with their sound reproduction . 
0	hoping to not completely lose my money on this pos ,  i tried using it externally . 
1	i like the thickness of the glass ,  and the overall quality of the produt . 
0	i spent top dollar on this mediocre game if that  . 
1	for the price ,  i would definitely recommend others to purchase this knife . 
0	i repeat :  this was only from rinsing under the faucet . 
1	the airflow is actually stronger than i d like ,  even on the lowest setting . 
0	due to vision problems i work mostly large piece ravensburger puzzles . 
1	maybe i m just being greedy but i d like a lil more  :   . 
0	be forewarned ,  this is one of those products that cannot be returned . 
1	please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  . 
0	i purchased this hand soap based on the rave reviews but i don t see anything special about it . 
1	you can also use it without the base . 
0	my lovely lady advised otherwise and for once the crack of the whip was a good thing . 
1	love ,  love ,  love this case !  it s high quality and very convenient . 
0	they actually told me to try restarting my computer . 
1	i had the otterbox defender but it was just too large and attracted too much lint . 
0	had it right on the tag when they arrived . 
1	maybe  . i just need to get used to them . 
0	didn t fit correctly and found it to be uncomfortable . 
1	the back is also coated in clear plastic ,  though it s not as noticable . 
0	i have one i have banged and hit and the top still will not come off one end . 
1	but i guess ill figure it out eventually . 
0	i bought this product because i am sensitive to artificial fragrances and love the smell of real lavender . 
1	it makes the creamiest rice pudding you could ever make . 
0	i picked up this item ,  hoping it would alleviate the problem . 
1	have only used it on one loaf and there s almost perfect slices . 
0	the liveaction grip works nicely to help you hold your iphone for picture taking or movie making . 
1	an excellent set of knives for a very reasonable price . 
0	after that my ears are in real pain and i have to take the headphones out . 
1	i bought this puppy based on the reviews here and haven t been disappointed . 
0	complete garbage !  !  !  came with the wrong size screwdrivers . 
1	charges it just like it was plugged into a wall socket . 
0	fit except they stretched easily and flop if not wearing socks . 
1	i absolutely love love my new kpra pasta attachments ,  thanks to amazon great prices ,  otherwise could not afford it . 
0	total waste of num_num bucks and shipping was forever !  !  !  . 
1	this is used several times a week and is holding up very well . 
0	it worked for a few hours and then expired . 
1	the metal is very light weight ,  and if immersed into cold water while hot ,  will torque out of shape . 
0	within num_num months ,  expect to pay as much on batteries as you  or santa  paid for the toy . 
1	his iphone num_num dropped in with no hassles ,  and he s been using it ever since . 
0	but i am not sleeping nearly as well . 
1	i would recommend this product for persons that like to bake . 
0	i would not waste your money of ordering this . 
1	i had no problems with these batteries at all . received quickly and used them for num_num years with no issues . 
0	like clockwork ,  i experienced the dreaded memory card error after num_num mo  just out of warranty  . 
1	if more companies had the attitude of tdc ,  we would have much happier consumers and a better shopping experience . 
0	the invasionhas finally dissipated ,  and victors  traditional traps saved the day . this electronic trap is not at all intuitive . 
1	if it s only a clove or two ,  then i do it by hand . 
0	stick with the real juice if you want that flavor . 
1	this fit in my cd player perfectly and i love the swivel option . 
0	the last one lasted over num_num years before it started making noise . 
1	this is a must for the vacuum sealing system . 
0	these are sized large !  i buy med or large in pants . 
1	installing the case and included screen protector is fairly simple . 
0	i thought that they were a little pricey but if they were heavyweight i would give them a try . 
1	i must have recharged it over num_num times already and it still works perfectly . 
0	i wish i had just bought more games for his leapster . 
1	the houdini actually works the way it clams it will . 
0	if i take it off and shake it ,  it sounds like the glass is about to fall out . 
1	abondanza !   i m irish ,  was that correct ?  nicely constructed ,  works as it should . 
0	i will wait and order what i want later . 
1	after using it for a week or so the plastic smell went away . 
0	my doctor told me this was the best so i faithfully used it for maybe a year . 
1	people do not even know i am using a headset . 
0	the scenarios you unlock here which total to five can only be played online when you have completed them . 
1	just a simple crock but it is elegant and well made . 
0	i hate them ,  they are too small and too tight and too cheap looking . 
1	i now use them mainly as stoppers and pop them off to pour . 
0	i admit to being suspicious of this device . 
1	even though ,  for me ,  the case is more like a num_num star . 
0	at least ,  i pray to god he wasn t actually the voice in this game . 
1	with material this cheap you won t take it apart anyway just like with ikea furniture lol . 
0	at least try making your own homemade protein bars . 
1	the somewhat largish screen on this phone just makes the software that much more usable . 
0	however ,  more treated cats than control cats developed moderate to severe disease during week num_extend
1	if you have ever had a tpu case ,  this one is typical in feel and fit . 
0	this did not come in a matte finish . 
1	i m very happy with this purchase and highly recommend it to all bakers . 
0	i even started bleeding a little bit so i stopped . 
1	in fact ,  at half way up its louder than the plantronics at full blast . 
0	i wrapped it on tight ,  just like the directions state . 
1	the heat spreads evenly across the pan s cooking surface . 
0	i d hate cheap electronics to ruin what is otherwise a great machine . 
1	this little deal does make an exceptional and potent pot of coffee thanks to its peculating effect . 
0	i would give this mixer num_num stars if it was an option . 
1	you must manually tune or scan for the next station . 
0	looks nice but this one appears to be malfuncting . 
1	stock pot arrived in perfect condition and is farberware as usual . 
0	btw ,  the fm antenna is a piece of bare copper wire running the length of the antenna . 
1	although they were a little thinner than i anticipated that s why only num_num stars  ,  they feel great . 
0	her large dog had loose stools after eating it as directed . 
1	we start them at lunch time and come home to fresh bread . 
0	he just thought it was fun to play on the computer . 
1	i agree ! we leave this out on the stove as it s rather large . 
0	good product ,  found it at a local flee market where the price was a lot cheaper . 
1	they are easily removed from the ring that keeps the set together and nest quite nicely to store . 
0	what was once lightweight cookware has devolved to glorified foil ,  nearly . 
1	i have gone back to it and i have stayed with it . 
0	my favorite cereals are honey nut cheerios ,  honey bunches of oats ,  or crispix . 
1	however if you feel you want a heavy chef knife do not look here . 
0	the xbox num_num is a very good gaming system ,  but however . 
1	had a hard time believeing these mixer hooks were a must have ,  but they are . 
0	my grandson has to use four to get some taste in his coffee . 
1	i made sure to preheat it to avoid sticking . 
0	it came out of the box with rusty spots where the  riveting  was . 
1	it s especially helpful when i have dough stuck to my counter tops . 
0	our tube has a low connection point and using this splashes the kids in the face too much . 
1	this pan is great for reheating in my convection oven . 
0	once it rattled ,  he ran away ,  but he stayed curious . 
1	i work outside and its the only one loud enough to hear in anything but an office environment . 
0	uncomfortable and really doesn t work all that well . 
1	i ve had this on my phone ,  which is now my mothers and it still works great . 
0	the assignment lines showing unit routes are awkward and confusing . 
1	i did not like the way my old blender left kale and carrot . 
0	i have an unreliable connection with this cable . 
1	there are times we need a whole pot of coffee ,  and times we just need a num_num ounce cup . 
0	your once piping hot coffee will be cooled in about two hours . i use thus on beach . 
1	no longer does one have to worry about sticking cookies ,  bread ,  or any baked item . 
0	now ,  num_num years later ,  the piece of junk stoping heating up . 
1	the bristles on this are nice and sturdy . 
0	my wife is a weak coffee drinker and she likes this . 
1	it fits snugly ,  looks great ,  covers the buttons  big plus  ,  and isn t so bulky . 
0	i rented two other action games ,  transformer and dragon quest swords . 
1	i have ordered a few more for this set and will review them as i use them . 
0	i just know what i like and this isn t it . 
1	this is the most non stick pan i have ever had and it is perfectly shaped . 
0	i realize this has worked for others ,  but it hasn t made a difference in my yorkie . 
1	this has several safety features and it quite easy to use . 
0	so far i have yet to find one of these cases that will latch closed . 
1	i use a finger to guide it for the first twist and then it is works well . 
0	i have used it many times ,  but i have seen no improve in my cats behavior . 
1	i was impressed with this little machine and i m quite sure i will be using it again soon . 
0	well ,  it didn t even heat up in eight minutes . 
1	i have found this to be a very convenient size of pot . 
0	this worried me so i threw the rest of the treats away . 
1	the life you save may be your own !  . 
0	handles way to light weight for a heavy meal . 
1	haven t had problems shaking salt or pepper out of them . 
0	i was thinking this was that model but evidently they make a cheaper version of their larger laptop backpack . 
1	this saucepan cooks evenly and witha little effort cleans up to be as shiny as it was originally . 
0	and i used it as i was told  not too liberally  . 
1	just what i needed for all my baking needs . 
0	ours has a few small tears after just a month of use . 
1	overall ,  most of my nervousness about it was groundless . 
0	what you will get is a lot less . 
1	they are a little small ,  but they do the job . the lids fit perfectly . 
0	there is absolutely no logic to them at all . 
1	they are fairly sturdy yet lightweight although i had some breakage in the shipping process . 
0	this phone case sucks and the tail doesn t work . 
1	however ,  with this juice pack ,  its reassuring to know that i ll have extra power in a pinch . 
0	i should have just let the money go and dropped this camera a long time ago . 
1	i drive a nissan rogue and it fit perfectly right in the middle of my dash . 
0	no ,  i don t expect perfection but i certainly do expect decent quality . 
1	well ,  i received mine and was worried because there were many things that seemed troublesome . 
0	i rightfully deserve my num_num bucks plus tax back for this wrongfully made sonic game . 
1	reliability ,  functionality over bass ?  i ll buy or recommend the num_extend with no doubt . 
0	it s so cute too ,  the way the little tongue shoots out when you squeeze the toy ,  i m bummed !  . 
1	it s make of polished stainless steel so is easy to clean when you slop something on it . 
0	the motorola technician tried a cure and it worked for one day then failed . 
1	of course ,  beans ,  soups ,  and stews are also excellent . 
0	another unwritten rule is the fact that triangle is used to back out of menus . 
1	make my phone last at lest num_num times longer wish that had one for my new phone . 
0	i thought maybe it would be a little better than nothing at all . 
1	the company was going to give me a refund but then told me fully charge is actually blue . 
0	after rinsing ,  it felt as if there was no conditioner applied ,  and nothing but shampoo had been used !  . 
1	decided to go with a usb microphone and bypass the mic jack . 
0	not much flavor and the texture is not appealing either . 
1	since its only been out a year or so ,  it doesn t have a track record yet either . 
0	i really just wore them a total of num_num hours ?  and mostly sitting on the couch !  . 
1	the case was a gift and the person said the love it . 
0	the drinking vessel is quite narrow ,  even for my small dog and the plastic is quite flimsy . 
1	just pull them out and pop them in the toaster . 
0	i have used num_num boxes of these  yes ,  literally num_num boxes  and i have had no success whatsoever . 
1	though i have no scientific evidence to support this ,  i think the square filters make the coffee taste better . 
0	almost broke it taking it out of the box !  very fragile ,  indeed . 
1	i used this to clean the inside of our weber grill . 
0	the first time i used this scoop was for a batch of chocolate chocolate chip cookies . 
1	how fine a grind is based on how long it grinds . 
0	this still isnt worth even close to num_num dollars . 
1	the loaves slip out of the pan easily ,  the blades slip out of the loaves without a struggle . 
0	the box i got is frontline but is from a different country . 
1	it works just as well today as it did on the first . 
0	i d recommend spending money on a different set though . 
1	the camera it s great  hold the camera button halfway to adjust to a close up shot  . 
0	i do cheat from time to time because i love cheese ,  but i pay for it every time . 
1	i love this case for the iphone num_extend
0	it bent the first time i used it on a relatively light piece of pie . 
1	i have already recommended this to my husband and friend who both have iphones . 
0	i used it once and my sister long distance couldn t even tell . 
1	i m going to try adjusting the equalizer to see if that will help . 
0	however ,  i later had to apply the second protector num_extend come in package  . 
1	extremely sharp and cuts through everything i ve tried so far . 
0	well here are the major pros and cons . 
1	the battery lasts long on them and they have a very strong range . 
0	take a metal ruler and wrap it in thin rope . 
1	i have owned this electric knife sharpener for several months . 
0	i wouldn t buy again or even recommend despite the other good reviews . 
1	i was ready to slam the storm against a brick wall . 
0	when i played it though ,  the experience became quite a different one . 
1	i noticed a reviewer mentioning  false advertising  on these vacuum bags . 
0	bought this hopeing to split my signal from my tv to my soundbar and my headphones . 
1	currently i have num_num big knives and a scissor sitting on the bar ,  with no problems . 
0	i only use it for my eyebrows ,  and unfortunately ,  it just doesn t work well for this . 
1	it is rather expensive ,  so if you can find one that works for less ,  i would go for it . 
0	i love cast iron pans ,  but this one warped quickly with a high spot in the middle . 
1	so i use the shaped tips to make stars and the like . 
0	maybe pay more and get something rated for more use . 
1	i use this to make home made applesauce for the grand children ,  like my grandmother did . 
0	maybe i am missing the point ,  but i found my flight incredibly uncomfortable . 
1	only complaint is it took a month to get them . 
0	apparently someone tipped off my mole that these strange colored fake worms may not be healthy to eat . 
1	my son loves his ,  as it liberated him from the machines that don t heat water to the proper temperature . 
0	this game was an amazing game until xbox num_num got dr . 
1	i was relatively pleased ,  as most of these are fairly commonly used spices . 
0	with this plastic tip ,  all you re doing is spreading the stain out to a larger area . 
1	i bought num_num of these for an evo num_extend and a win num_num phone . 
0	i had to return this item as it made an awful noise like gears grinding to bits . 
1	i use the small end and it provides even pressure to the coffee . 
0	the blade is nice so i reused it to make a bit of a short spear . 
1	potato gnocchi at the proper hydration is too wet to make it through intact . 
0	but ,  it s definitely better than the fm broadcast quality . 
1	this is much larger than it looks in the picture and that is why i love it . 
0	sarcastically mind you . let me take you back to video game arcades in the num_extend
1	one thing to keep in mind is how big of a board you buy . 
0	this thing is huge ,  so it s not an easy reach . 
1	this unit also has self cleaning mode which is a nice feature . the unit is stainless steel on the outside . 
0	i have promoted the kitchen trash bags to this special duty . 
1	i purchased this item over num_num years ago ,  and it is still great . 
0	might as well give warning to other people . 
1	this is a perfect ,  indispensable tool in the kitchen . 
0	i figured it would be like a strong lemon flavored tea . 
1	the lid costs more than the cast iron skillet which seems a little crazy . 
0	maybe that s why i had so much trouble ?  ?  . 
1	i don t have to worry about buttons being pushed while it is in my purse . 
0	then i ratcheted up the difficulty and still won by num_extend
1	very good audio quality on receive ,  with ample volume num_extend
0	i drink peppermint tea all of the time . 
1	i am very happy with the convenience of this machine and the espresso bring back memories of italy . 
0	it is a joy to be able to wear this for hours on end with out a break . 
1	they tell you what you can use for your food processor . 
0	so the ball just laid there ,  basically unused . 
1	the other was to use the relatively benign sea salt sold by trader joe s . 
0	this is the first fps i ve played where aiming down the scope doesn t actually help . 
1	cables work fine ,  feel like they will last . 
0	i rarely get cold sores but when i do they are big and ugly . 
1	to use the bowl ,  pop the corn without the black lid on top . 
0	first off ,  to get anywhere near the proper dosing of ingredients you have to take num_num scoops . 
1	treat it right ,  love it real good and it will last you forever . 
0	terrible quality ,  frayed and split after prolonged use . 
1	all the controls are on the right earpiece . 
0	going to be disappearing to the world of craigslist very soon . 
1	it s ideally sized in order accommodate either of those games . 
0	the mic doesn t work the volume actually hangs up a call . 
1	i have been looking for good skillets of my own . 
0	perhaps i need to practice to improve my moon dough skills ,  but i just don t want to . 
1	i ve had this case for quite some time now . 
0	don t expect extended life if you purchase this motor . 
1	the store we registered at had three options :  the krups ,  the cuisinart and one that used salt . 
0	i needed to return it before the num_num days was up and i am glad i did . 
1	this is a must for anyone who does baking . 
0	second one lasted num_num days and stopped working . 
1	i use it for everything ,  and it has never failed me . 
0	made my screen blurry and made my front facing camera blurry as well . 
1	how did i live without this ?  i use this almost daily and love it . 
0	i decided to try these out before an emergency situation and the taste is very good . 
1	it doens t slip out of my hand easily . 
0	so now it s sitting on the shower ledge instead of against the wall as intended . 
1	on rare occasions ,  sound briefly cuts out if right arm moves by my ear if phone is in pocket . 
0	i had to trim around the mag release button just slightly . 
1	i like that this is a metal turner ,  but it s a little too heavy . 
0	oral magnesium is used as a laxative per web md . 
1	i ve had this machine for almost num_num years and have never had a problem  knock wood  . 
0	bubbling is almost impossible to avoid and mine peeled at the bottom after application . 
1	easy to use ,  wonderful meals in one pot . 
0	can t believe i paid so much for this . 
1	i love the price too !  it s about time there was something out there that we aren t being overcharged for . 
0	cant figure out if scope works well or not . 
1	nice compact hard sides ,  perfect for the purpose . 
0	i never even had the slightest threat of battle until i kept making countries mad by proposing resource deals . 
1	they have a very nice polished appearance and yes ,  fingerprints will be left on them . 
0	this bandana doesn t cover much ,  and doesn t cool much . 
1	i ve had this pan for almost num_num years ,  and i ve put it through hell s kitchen . 
0	there is just too much going on ,  the game s environment is way too busy . 
1	i have to force myself to use my chef s knife . 
0	what kind of mission id that and how does that relate to freakin skating . 
1	the last thing ,  is that it only comes in black . 
0	stupid fleece beanie that doesn t do what i want . 
1	this means it can accept all kinds of meat in it . 
0	it may be gluten free but it sure is not low calorie . it contains very little fiber . 
1	i like its heft and evenness of cooking . 
0	the awful camera angles that will not let you see that might be ready to attack you . 
1	i bought this on behalf of my sister ,  who picked it up off my desk a while ago . 
0	these are dry and crumbly without the buttery honey sesame taste we all love . 
1	it really protects the entire phone very well with extra protection at the corners . 
0	it s not a slight discrepancy but veryyy noticeable . 
1	don t know were some of the reviewers got their  watery  taste and no  head  opinions . 
0	we returned it immediately and ordered something a little more expensive and of better quality . 
1	that being said ,  i gave this one a go and i m very ,  very happy with the results . 
0	when i plug in my iphone ,  nothing happens . 
1	with very little effort it looks like great effort was taken . 
0	i actually really liked this hair dryer while it worked . 
1	i use it every day ,  and it still looks almost brand new . 
0	someone must have returned it ,  and it got reshipped to me . 
1	we never have bitter or rancid coffee or smells from our coffee center . 
0	so ,  to all those who are considering the game ,  run  don t walk  away from this game . 
1	don t forget to get a mug for it !  . 
0	it was cheaply made and tore right away . 
1	this is my first time using a coffee press and decided to go with the stainless bodum . 
0	i am average sized ,  so i used the belt on the tightest zipper . 
1	i am happy with product just need assistance learning how to use it . 
0	there are no assembly instructions ,  so trial and error is the only way to figure out assembly . 
1	i was using the flat beater as the manual indicates but it sounded like it was really straining . 
0	this is the first time i recall truly being disappointed with a product purchased from amazon . 
1	if they make the handles harder then the product would be perfect . 
0	then you have to start at the begining again . 
1	i will follow up if i have trouble . 
0	i will not buy again ,  and the search continues . 
1	i d give it num_num stars if i could !  !  !  . 
0	i haven t had a specific volume issue yet num_extend
1	i have had one grinder now for easy num_num years and its still working like day one . 
0	i drove the car for a week and observed the results . 
1	hard to clean as oilnaturally would be from plastic . 
0	i wish it had a low and high . not impressed with the toy and my daughter is not either . 
1	it performs just as well as the first . 
0	there is however no indication of the manufacturer name anywhere to be found on the packaging . 
1	most reviews here say that their hinge bulges with only two cards . 
0	good ,  etc  ,  and this one was our least favorite . 
1	took a long time to get here ,  but i was so happy when they arrived . 
0	test the surface in an inconspicuous area to make sure it doesn t damage the surface . 
1	the basket rotates to keep food circulating ,  so it doesn t become one lump of a mess . 
0	i prefer my usual cloths from bed bath and beyond . 
1	speed control works smoothly and the motor stays cool even when mixing eight cups of flour . 
0	it was so thin i believe it would break easily . 
1	because of the serrated blade ,  it can go into the dishwasher all the time without loosing its edge . 
0	i ended up having to buy three additional batteries . 
1	has heavier weight and feel that comparable openers at the big box store . 
0	it has a light scent that isn t overwhelming or medicinal smelling . 
1	as long as you grind the coffee correctly and brew it just so ,  this makes a wonderful brew . 
0	num_extend and a pair of num_extend should be all the binoculars you will ever need . 
1	will try with a cake and get back to you . 
0	a week later i heard a crash and it had fallen off the side of the cabinet . 
1	custom wallpapers ,  ringtones ,  alarm clocks ,  animated screen savers ,  advanced launchers ,  custom security lockout screens and more are available online . 
0	i think a power socket should be designed so that this type of accident is physically impossible . 
1	do get the extra spring when you order ,  though . 
0	not really what i thought it would be . 
1	water circulates more completely for a more flavorful tea . 
0	i wish i had read the other one star reviews before purchase . 
1	i have owned several mophie s over the years and never had a problem with them . 
0	in general ,  i like aloe vesta products ,  however ,  this is not one of them . 
1	others offer protection but price is an issue . 
0	i have had the exact same problem with this camcorder that others described . 
1	every day i use it to make bread . 
0	maybe it is his age ,  and i am a new cat owner . 
1	the top has a little plastic center and small amounts of liquid seep through it during num_extend
0	what are you going to do about this ?  ?  ?  also ,  instructional dvd has no video . 
1	seems to work well at keeping garlic fresh versus just storing in a basket . 
0	have opted to use a different product  which i ordered through amazon ,  my fave place  . 
1	these dishes are so pretty and they take up half the room in my cabinets . 
0	i trashed them to save some other lady the mis fortune of getting these bras . 
1	i also use them when i  set up  mango jam for the year . 
0	i will post a review on that in a few months as well . 
1	i really like the feel of the knife . 
0	it works ,  so i will keep the product and see how long it lasts . 
1	it just flat out works !  its easy to install in the case ,  buttons all work with ease . 
0	well ,  you get what you pay for . the rubbery part on the curler fell off after a couple of weeks . 
1	when you grind good quality coffee ,  the aroma is fabulous . 
0	jacks for auxiliary audio ,  external power supply and antenna come handy . 
1	it is certainly easier than attaching the manual machine to the counter . 
0	i am sick to think of the time i have lost . 
1	a little metal rod inside turns round slowly ,  evenly distributing the kernels and preventing any from sticking and burning . 
0	there is next to no value in unpainted or unfinished plywood . 
1	it s small and easy to deal with i would definitely recommend . 
0	i can t understand why the designers would use brittle plastic to take the abuse of grinding hard beans . 
1	it does what it says and the headphones are decent as well . 
0	i gave it to my daughter who is a health nut . 
1	so later on i ll get that one ,  too . 
0	i don t have anything against lemon fragrance ,  quite the contrary . 
1	works wonderfully ,  very easy to use and flexible . 
0	very uncomfortable to sleep in and couldn t do it . 
1	just throw that away ,  quickly rinse the base and its all done . 
0	overall ,  it s just a cheap piece of junk . 
1	this is the exact same case for a fraction of the cost . 
0	in num_num months i have accomplished more then i did with olay in num_num years . 
1	i haven t decided yet if that s good or bad ,  i suppose it is both . 
0	very flimsy ,  it only lasted a few months before falling apart . 
1	my wife has a red torch so this color works perfect for her . 
0	however ,  it didn t taste anything like other soymilk or milk replacements that i ve had . 
1	i was very happy with my last rubbermaid scraper . 
0	dog is uninterested in toy ,  even when stuffed with his favorite goodies . 
1	very small insert ,  with small drawings for  how to  ,  along with written directions relating to functions . 
0	it wasn t on mute ,  either ,  it just stopped working . 
1	this is a good quality product and i am very happy with my purchase . 
0	i was reimbursed for the product but would have much rather had a product that worked the first time . 
1	i have had to pry the bread out using a rubber spatula . 
0	i just think that i got a defective one . 
1	no cost for shipping or for the new popper . 
0	my little brother hates the case so much he went out and got a real otterbox !  . 
1	this is ,  quite simply ,  the best bluetooth headset i ve had . 
0	the first time i used it the battery cover popped off . 
1	this is the best grinder i ve seen in a long time . 
0	it has a gritty texture like fine sand particles . 
1	it holds a full set of flatware for num_num with ease . 
0	they are not really making and selling these pots anymore out in stores . 
1	i told a female coworker about that one and she bought it . 
0	i was hoping the same for this one but was disappointed . 
1	we picked up this fan and never have been so impressed with a fan . 
0	i was afraid of using it so i threw it away . 
1	the competitive filter lasted num_num months !  despite warranty ,  tossed it away and bought this again . 
0	i wish i could give this a num_num star review . 
1	this thing charges ipad s  tested num_extend and num_extend fine . 
0	this is not a hot drink that i would try again . 
1	the customers really like how easy it is to sign on our ipods with these . 
0	however ,  you still can easily unsnap the case off and i m just glad the phone hasn t fallen out yet . 
1	for those who dont know already the le creuset products are made in france not america . 
0	a few hours later my scalp itched and was so oily it was embarrassing . 
1	alot easier to use than the old fashioned grinder . 
0	the tools are something you might give a kid to play with . 
1	they were smaller than i would have thoughtthey would be . 
0	our boxer ,  shepherd ,  pitt mix ripped the green fuzz off in maybe num_num minutes . 
1	i am impressed with the versatility offered by these chargers . 
0	this is a difficult review for me because i love the cadbury flake bars . 
1	i use it on my henckel knives and have not been disappointed . 
0	without a doubt more animations and such could ve been put into the graphics . i can t say much for the sound . 
1	this case will protect your phone fropm drops very well and does not add too much bulk . 
0	they were from the same levels on the spindle that would not burn on the lacie . 
1	my wife and i both have been impressed and pleased with the long term use of victorinox knives . 
0	unless you are obsessed with natural ,  don t buy this product . 
1	the full tang in the handle means that the blade metal extends all the way through the handle . 
0	you ll also enjoy % of your daily value of vitamin e . these just don t  standout  enough for me ,  though . 
1	my wife really likes this and has it packed to the gills . 
0	warm body relaxes our blood vessels and we have healthy blood flow . 
1	the screen on the iphone num_num was completely readable even in the brightest and direct sun light . 
0	it makes your whole mouth and throat tingle . 
1	the worst that can happen is that they won t brown properly . will update with the results . 
0	i exchanged it for another one that did the same thing again . 
1	have had this case on wife s iphone for num_num years so this is a replacement case for her phone . 
0	i have longer hair so i can get away with wearing long earrings . 
1	i recommend it to anyone looking for a mid sized fryer and cooking pot . 
0	and there is a third key to go from stand to prone and back . 
1	this product is great i get num_num hours of battery usage and can clip it anywhere . 
0	the strap has to plastic clips that clip on to nylon strap loops on both sides of the pouch . 
1	overall we like it very much ,  very useful for all kinds of pastry dough . 
0	it fries ,  but not anywhere near what i was expecting . 
1	you can play media directly off the thumb drive without having to copy it onto the nexus . 
0	while the music is halfway decent ,  that s about the only redeeming factor . 
1	i d buy another if i lost this one somehow . 
0	would rather buy from a store to test its durability . 
1	i can shake my head violently and it does t come out . 
0	the shoe material was very irritating ,  causing a lot of friction despite my wearing cotton socks . 
1	again ,  this is a very minor criticism . one feature i like is that the handle conveniently folds down for storage . 
0	the droid camera ,  although it is the only one with a flash has the poorest quality num_extend
1	it may be beneficial to look elsewhere ,  either locally or online . 
0	honeywell makes money by doing nothing ,  and kaz makes money by doing very little . 
1	i ve had the other sizes that oxo offers for some time . 
0	once you re familiar with where everything is you ll find it very simple to navigate . 
1	about a week after getting mine i cracked a lid taking it off a cold container . 
0	i would like to see about num_num times as many exfoliating beads in this . 
1	i have never grated ginger so quickly and effortlessly . 
0	i opened the package less than a half hour ago and the case is in the garbage already . 
1	to mix properly ,  the pan can t be too wide . 
0	i will raise my review to four or five stars if the feeder proves itself . 
1	between that and the streaming data ,  i m dead in an hour or two . 
0	over all the quality seemed to be rather poor . 
1	i like the way it feels and it isn t too heavy . 
0	i won t call her stingy ,  just frugal ,  borne of a childhood spent on an island off the coast . 
1	almost every feature is perfect and far better than what other headset companies are making today . 
0	so i can only agree with the other reviews who think this product doesn t do squat . 
1	i m convinced all cases will have this unless they use a light absorbing material . 
0	however ,  she hates this food and literally turns her nose up at it . 
1	it makes riding as a family much easier . 
0	also ,  the rubber ,  where it meets with the plastic ,  is already starting to peel off . 
1	ah well ,  you do indeed get what you pay for . 
0	not the best animation ,  but i like the ap concept . 
1	i can t say enough nice things about this device . 
0	very simple ,  yet ea didn t bother with it . 
1	my husband works construction so it was perfect for him . 
0	i was expecting the guitar to sound like a guitar ,  the piano to sound like a piano ,  etc . 
1	it fits into my pocket with ease and so far seems to resist scratches well . 
0	in fact ,  i would say that it doesn t even come close . 
1	i was not mistaken . it s a solidly made ,  serious unit . 
0	anyways .  .  . many of the noodles were broken ,  so be aware of that if ordering vs . 
1	she really loved it and says that its easy to use . 
0	that s what happens when you ship jobs over seas . 
1	however ,  when it arrived ,  i decided to try my droid num_num in it . 
0	purchased num_num months ago and temps are num_extend to num_extend depending on the day . 
1	i believe the case is sturdy enough that my bluetooth won t get crushed . 
0	so if your not in that age range .  .  .  . skip this game . it is dull ,  repetitive ,  uninspired . 
1	my brother uses the old fashioned num_num minute steel cut oats from mccann . 
0	i review most items that i purchase from amazon and rarely do i have to give a bad review . 
1	i  , m looking forward to my next kitchenaid mixer . 
0	the mids are decent ,  but the treble kind of fades away and is overwhelmed by the midrange . directionality is nonexistent . 
1	needed to replace my coat hook at work and this looked like it would fit the bill . 
0	i love pea soup ,  so it seemed like a no brainer to buy this . 
1	i m amazed how much better it can get under low furniture than my previous vac . 
0	i am diabetic and try to control my blood sugar and weight with sugar free and low carb foods . 
1	there is a bit of prep work ,  but it is worth it . 
0	and the graphics look like a kid s coloring book . 
1	this case fits great and feels great too . 
0	which makes impossible to tuning derailleur . for the price ,  this is one of the cheapest bike stand i found . 
1	this makes great juices from various veggies and fruits . 
0	the  powergear  fell off and couldn t be reattached firmly to the pruner . 
1	it makes much better coffee than the expensive models we tried . 
0	i hope they redesign ,  i like being able to toss them when done . 
1	maybe i will try to put the batter in the fridge overnight and see if it comes out ok . 
0	in the actual title it states there is enough for num_num people . 
1	just dropped this thing in my jacket pocket along with my iphone cable . 
0	my small dog had parts of the covering on this toy chewed off within num_num minutes . 
1	the insert is keyed ,  so it will only fit one way . 
0	the size of this cooler is not the dementions they say it is . 
1	so ,  it may be a good idea to check your local retailers before buying online . 
0	there was absolutely no difference in reception with or without this attached . 
1	scim off the stuff that floats once in a while . 
0	i bought this on a whim and to be honest ,  i got what i paid for . 
1	i really like that it has two handles instead of one long one  like my smaller one does  . 
0	if you re going to buy a pressure cooker ,  buy it from someone else with better tech support . 
1	i was going over range restrictions ,  safeties and stuff but that would make a long review longer . 
0	i ordered this thinking it looked cute and it would help keep my face out of the sun . 
1	num_num of those cases were the soft body kind comparative to the amazonbasics silicone case . 
0	i bought this for my cat a few months ago ,  because he just loves playing with a laser pointer . 
1	but i tried it on a buddy s phone that is mhl compatible and it works like a charm . 
0	when you do that latter it comes on just from getting joggled in the pocket . 
1	this bundt pan is heavy as the original pan and the design comes out beautifully . 
0	i would think they could coat it with something to make it more fire retardant . 
1	i am so glad i went with this one over the cheaper ones i was considering . 
0	i also think the price is a little steep considering you only get num_num capsules . 
1	it looks awesome and it s low profile doesnt add a lot of bulk . 
0	i have a lab and we tested the max internet throughput of the num_extend at num_extend this is unacceptable . 
1	after over num_num years my first food processor died . 
0	i immediately wrapped it back up for return . 
1	not smooth glossy plastic like the old rotary dial phones this one obviously tries to emulate . 
0	i didn t smell any burnt out components when it stopped . 
1	after reading suggestions from others for a good surface for candy making ,  i used it to make chocolate candies . 
0	i finally tracked down the only possible culprit ,  which is this product . 
1	this is a great case if you re looking for medium protection and want to solve the antenna issue . 
0	i figure nothing could work better than what had worked before ,  right ? wrong ,  as it turns out . 
1	purple is my fav color so i was glad when i found this . 
0	we have been trying to find long lasting tough toys for her but didn t find any yet . 
1	it s a little big for cereal  maybe not for some people  ,  but it s great for chili and soup . 
0	however anyone who downloads the game from you won t be able to see or use any of these features . 
1	when i first purchased this ,  my husband asked if i intended to use it as a weapon . 
0	i shoot with a dslr and uv does not effect it . 
1	it states not to tamp the grounds down . 
0	the weight of this one was working my arm and it was very tiring . 
1	you can zoom by either using volume or draw circle on the screen . 
0	 :  its built very well ,  toys are ok that are in the purse . 
1	ugh !  not good !  the typography is very nearly illegible . 
0	you can barely hear this ,  unless the room is absolutely silent ,  and you are sitting right next to it . 
1	i like this cable as it is retractable on both ends .  .  . takes little space ,  no fuss ,  with wires all over . 
0	or ,  if you want to really go cheap ?  head over to wal mart ,  and buy their quilt batting . 
1	the roaster will be used again for the christmas turkey . 
0	would not recommend buying it from this buyer . 
1	the leds are a little hard to open ,  but no leak . 
0	i played this with my children num_num to num_extend
1	i would not recommnend this case if only have vents that swivel up down since this will bounce . 
0	purchased this as a friend ranted and raved about it . 
1	otterbox is known to make a great product which in this case it was . 
0	once you choose the stencil to use ,  they are flimsy ,  awkward and clumsy to work with . 
1	raised rubber edges keeps your screen safe from table tops . 
0	if there is an improvement ,  it s that you have to place the cursor on the ball when you bat . 
1	couldn t ask for more !  would definitely recommend to anyone !  . 
0	the product is cheap looking and made of a poor product . 
1	i know that i will be getting lots of use out of this . 
0	you have to also buy a memory card unlike xbox . 
1	i found this on amazon for just under two dollars . 
0	its cute and it s wood that s where it ends . 
1	keys and change in the same pocket ?  nope . 
0	i would give anything to have my revere ware back but they are no longer in business . buyer beware . 
1	i have the motorola atrix num_extend and it works great for my spare battery . 
0	bought num_num pair for a num_num day trip overseas and never even took them . 
1	thought the  waffle stick  thing was a neat gimmick ,  but didn t really think i d use it much . 
0	the sony scanned right over them as if they weren t even there . 
1	i ve had it for about num_num months now . 
0	but i got bored ,  so i desided to play  halo .  the num_extend well the graphics are pretty good . 
1	don t ask how i did that but replaced the maker with this one and i love it . 
0	was hyped to be one great horror shooter . 
1	voice instructions for hookup ,  you really do not need the instructions . 
0	sgp ,  this is a sad example of your product ,  to say the least . 
1	seemed smaller than my first processor ,  but it does twice the work . 
0	my friend s chihuahua could get this thing squeaking and drag it around . 
1	the ebelskivers flip over and out of the wells without a problem . 
0	my bad for not looking further ,  beyond price . 
1	on the other hand they can get pretty beat up over time and replacing them is not too expensive . 
0	sometimes my husband uses this and i have to clean up a trail of mess . 
1	should it ever fail ,  i doubt there s any other hub available that could surpass it . 
0	i know it s an italian roast but it s much more medium to light than other italian roasts i ve had . 
1	i m a bit of a chronic bluetooth loser ,  and so i own two now while one was temporarily displaced . 
0	however ,  it is a bit os a dissapointment if you are expecting anything more from it . 
1	you really need to know how to place the protectors on or you have a lot of bubbles . 
0	the super hyper spirit bomb usually killed one hit . 
1	doing it this way allowed me to repair the phone in under fifteen minutes . 
0	even the graphics in this game are poor compared to games with similar system requirements . finally my last complaint . 
1	the tallest mug you can put into the brewer is num_extend
0	they won t get the animal protein they need from a diet like this . 
1	i used it for my pies since i like to make all my pies from scratch . 
0	i have not been able to find a single place in my house where i can use this . 
1	this is the perfect fit manufacturer replacement belt . 
0	i was so disgusted with this rifle ,  i sent it back for a refund . 
1	picked this case up for my num_extend at best buy and love it . 
0	tastes horrible ,  and does not affect mood at all . 
1	i use this pack on my weekly travel as a consultant . 
0	it requires at least three heaped teaspoons to sufficiently sweeten my tea ,  sometimes even more . 
1	i d definitely buy it again ,  for twice as much . 
0	received the replacement and the cutter blade is dramatically different in look and thickness . 
1	i m here to educate ,  so if i got something wrong ,  let me know . 
0	so ,  unless you plan on carrying a spotlight around with you ,  you might want to look elsewhere . 
1	i can now use my phone all day without a need to charge it . 
0	they potentially had something so good in this game . the scenarios . 
1	this is my second air plus for phone num_extend
0	being pretty handy ,  i dismantled the clipper and determined which part i needed to order . 
1	i was skeptical about this item ,  but after a month ,  i love it . 
0	the earpiece is stamped  verizon  and is of different finish than pictured . 
1	with much anticipation ,  i tried the jawbone icon ,  eager to believe some of the rave reviews it has had . 
0	it does not have any preservatives and it is gluten free ,  no sugar and no artificial flavors . 
1	this is a good original nokia charger that does not lock nokia s capacitive screen . 
0	this is not even true num_num hour verified colostrum from grassfed cows . 
1	you have to season it from time to time though ,  that s my only beef with these pots . 
0	i wash their water dish every day so i noticed this film right away . 
1	wait num_num minutes ,  and plunge . cleanup is easy ,  but still harder than an auto drip machine . 
0	even with proper transition ,  both dogs had stomach and bathroom issues for weeks while eating this food . 
1	with the num_extend i could hear callers well ,  but i was completely unintelligible to them . 
0	once the temps get down below num_extend this bag looses its appeal . 
1	you might not think that a gizmo like this could make any difference . 
0	not as much of a bubble and i expected . 
1	the bottom pads are adjustable which works perfectly for the ipod s above average sized power connector . 
0	wish i had read the reviews before purchasing . 
1	or whatever else you could possibly want to put in it . 
0	it just keeps prompting her over and over again to record a password . 
1	this one is much nicer !  the other one is thicker and adds a lot of bulk to the phone . 
0	nevermind ,  i think i ll be sending this one to the gamestop graveyard with all the other unwanted turds . 
1	we then made mango peach sorbet and it too was incredible . 
0	not long after purchase ,  cracks started to appear .  .  . more and more .  .  . eventually broke completely apart . 
1	the smoke would seep through the walls  no kidding  and we had no solution that worked . 
0	do not buy this juice as a drink mixer . 
1	i spent num_num hard years with the magic pan restaurants whose menu revolved around savory and dessert crepes . 
0	it is a good example of braun quality . 
1	of course the charger is included and is acceptable . 
0	this product is perfectly fine ,  but i would be concerned about ordering from this seller ,  americanrx . 
1	this teapot is perfect and i think it is just as good as the really expensive models . 
0	but the belt clip expanded on the first day and i couldn t get it to tighten back up . 
1	heavy base makes them really stabile and they look good and have a nice feel in my hand . 
0	this sampler  with free shipping  is probably your best bet . 
1	i bought this for $ which was practically a giveaway . 
0	i m fairly disappointed with this ,  but it s not horrible . 
1	this pan with it s low sides is a little unusual ,  but works better than a lot of other pans . 
0	it was chipped not only around the edges but also on the grid . 
1	i love that they stack as they don t take up so much room . 
0	however ,  after num_num months of light usage ,  they simply stopped turning on . 
1	the replacements work fine but will eventually break . so you re ordering one because you broke one . 
0	i would give this a num_num star rating if the pans were not scratched . 
1	it does melt if left in a hot iron skillet . 
0	i suggest that if you want the original back you do the same . 
1	the retractor keeps the cord out of the way and locks out at the length you need . 
0	i don t think it has made it past one full day ever . 
1	they go through the dishwasher all the time ,  and we have had no issues with them so far . 
0	i have given her cheaper stuffed toys that take her just as long if not longer to pull apart . 
1	it was sweeter . i am so glad we bought the breville . 
0	these outlasted the aiwas ,  but that s a small consolation . 
1	i love my purchase and only regret not having purchased it sooner . 
0	i contacted the company and they told me how much they would charge me to restock it . 
1	the first case that was delivered to me was missing a key part that toggles the mute button . 
0	i already had an original platinum bundt pan and this was not the same . 
1	i received this item in perfect condition but there were no direction . 
0	many better choices at amazon a lot better . 
1	i assumed that was all a stick blender did . 
0	i came across many post that mentioned that we should be aware of parabens . 
1	i found that travel was too difficult without staying in touch with email . 
0	last year a friend had her garmin num_num fall off during a race . 
1	faberware is always a good realistic priced product . 
0	you get what you pay for ,  and i recommend you pay a little extra for another wireless brand . 
1	i wish somebody had come up with these years ago . 
0	i gave it a one because i think you have to give it something . 
1	it does what its supposed to ,  but when i flip it ,  it leaks a little . 
0	it s an attractive bra but not a good fit for large breasts . 
1	another positive function of the design is that they are comfortable to wear . 
0	ruins the end product unless it was an alcoholic beverage to begin with . i ll be going back to penzey s . 
1	i have seen older ones and the silicone becomes very loose . 
0	i usually put a small amount of water in my mouth ,  and then added the tablet and swallow . 
1	i bought these for putting up christmas lights around the inside of my picture window . 
0	i bought these because it s a great price for a set of brushes . 
1	i get a lot of compliments on the case ,  and it was easy to put on . 
0	even if you use the correct size screwdriver . 
1	however if you are a light user i would definitely recommend this case . 
0	i reached out to mophie and they asked for the receipt and the serial number on the device . 
1	fixed it right up !  don t be afraid ,  this is not rocket science . 
0	this is not my first grinder ,  but it will be my last one like this . 
1	especially for long periods . overall ,  this is one of the nicest headsets i ve used ,  and would recommend it without hesitation . 
0	so if thats the case those grips have to be very accurate . 
1	i have dropped my phone a few times and it has protected nicely . 
0	only takes about num_num minute in the microwave and your good to go . 
1	the drawback is that not as much food can be dehydrated on each tray . 
0	i am sure there are others that are not crazy expensive and don t potentially kill your pet . 
1	i have this one for decaff ,  and the plain top for regular coffee beans . 
0	so i have had this straightner about num_num months and until today it was perfect . 
1	it worked good and now i know my over is right . 
0	stick with the black microsoft brand or nyko ones . 
1	it s totally manageable ,  but i would have liked something a teensy bit smaller . 
0	i called the company to complain that they stick to microwave food . 
1	just toss a bunch of stuff insode and its ready a few hours later . 
0	this turned my face red in a matter of minutes and i look burned . 
1	i bought the stainless steel for it s durablity and in the first num_num weeks have not been disappointed . 
0	i might rent it but i seriously doubt it . 
1	i have owned an otterbox case for all of my and my girlfriends phones . 
0	you now place a vassal on a vacant plot and you get either gold or food . 
1	to find it ,  it is necessary to go back to an older blog . 
0	i woke up the num_extend day and found catnip scattered all over and the banana destroyed . 
1	this bad boy is just as good as the otter box but a lot cheaper . 
0	the edges can also cut you if you aren t careful while cleaning . 
1	we love using this large pryex size measuring cup . 
0	while these earbuds sound great ,  the shoddy construction makes them a one star . 
1	like this device ,  its small compact and works well . 
0	this is only mildly annoying  and only if the puzzle isn t put away !   ,  and kind of funny . 
1	this dehydrator does what it s advertised to do . 
0	why add unnecessary functions ? the lid comes apart for cleaning ,  but i found it extremely hard to get it apart . 
1	it looks great even after all i have cooked in it . 
0	i actually used it for about num_num months . 
1	it really helps clean up easy ,  if you use it every day . 
0	besides the fading of the black fabric ,  the sweats are still in very good condition . 
1	it makes hashbrown type potatoes too and it s very adjustable . 
0	i quickly packed this up and mailed it back to amazon for a refund . 
1	my laziness on not removing most of the grizzle bits ended up collecting too much at the cutter part . 
0	the seller saw my review ,  contacted me and promptly returned my money . 
1	the construction and materials are very good throughout ,  and the design is excellent . 
0	this is an extra fine grind ,  so you don t need to use very much . 
1	this piece of cookware is so nice looking that we leave it out on the cooktop as kitchen decoration . 
0	be forewarned :  this syrup will not satisfy your chocolate craving . 
1	the issues i reported earlier have been fixed by the belle update  ,  woo hoo !  !  !  !  . 
0	i purchased this shampoo based on a blog i read by a hairdresser that chose her favorite toning shampoos . 
1	i have had this for about num_num yrs now and use it regulary and have had not one problem . 
0	to really get crap out of tubing the brush could stand to b a bit less soft . 
1	i don t have any trouble getting my ear bud cords through the holes . 
0	i don t want to take medicine and won t unless it s absolutely necessary . 
1	if you ve got an iphone and are looking for the holy grail of headsets ,  this one is it . 
0	the manufacturer was very light on the use of rosemary . 
1	it s a sturdy case ,  and the leather looks good .  .  . but still kinda has a cheap looking feeling to it . 
0	one tried to get it to work ,  and finally gave up . 
1	haven t tried pizza yet ,  but i think it will also work very well . 
0	brang it home ,  figured i would have a learning curve with this new vac . 
1	it is hard to find a fry pan with a lid but that is exactly what i got . 
0	i wanted my money back ,  not another poorly made unit . 
1	its a pretty great set for the price though and they work well . 
0	they get to the point to where you feel like there is no padding in them . 
1	i had the red one and during a move have yet to find it so i bought the white . 
0	and when you level up ,  you don t always get a new power . 
1	first ,  the problems with the instructions :  as another reviewer mentioned ,  the illustrations in the instructions indicate improper facings . 
0	this product was a waste of money and a big sticky mess . 
1	this is a typical soft silicone case for the iphone num_extend
0	so i had positive expectations of a vanilla flavored coffee . 
1	i suggest washing the glass lids in the top rack of your dishwasher ,  to be on the safe side . 
0	i use the cleanser and sometimes ,  it burns a little but it s fine . 
1	so much for that .  on to the product review : i purchased this product . 
0	this hair spray does not hold my curls . 
1	i ve been using this cable for about a month . 
0	fixed with glue but it got really dirty when i dropped it . 
1	i preferred the polder for my uses and wrote a review for it ,  giving it num_num stars . 
0	i check every of the parts is work ok . 
1	the vacuum prevents the fresh juice from oxidizing while maintaining the vitamins and nutrients . 
0	after a few weeks of daily use its almost gone . 
1	in the end this case has superior build quality and is worth every penny even at $
0	i would not buy this if i would have know it does not fit . 
1	this prevents the screen from being scratched if you lay it on the table . 
0	this slow cooker works as advertised but the handles are incredibly cheaply made . 
1	airbake cookie sheets  and cake pans  really work . 
0	however ,  the product is grainy and the cats hate it; the food just sits all day long . 
1	plus ,  the insulated cups keep the coffee really hot ,  with no need for a rewarming half way through . highly recommended !  . 
0	anybody can beat it if my simple strategy is followed . 
1	small and doesn t take up a lot of room . 
0	absolutely nothing ,  zero ,  nil  ,  nada happened ,  not even a tiny tingle . 
1	very useful for using the phone as a gps as well  :   . 
0	fits my wrist so i can hold my sony num_extend player . 
1	i have to admit i ve only used this pizza stone twice so far . 
0	it could be how my body reacted to it versus someone elses . 
1	he loves to cook . he was happy with this as an addition to his other two lodge pans . 
0	they are glossy ,  and allow fingerprints dominate the screen . 
1	i gave it as a gift for my dad and he liked it and fits perfectly in the ipad . 
0	well come to find out the person i bought it from sent me a old one . 
1	these are definitely the nicest empty ,  large spice rack for the money . 
0	perhaps a better quality analog cable may have improved things ,  but i did not try one . 
1	plugged in order of item instructions and immediately opened video on tv . 
0	the battery cap screws on and has a gasket in case it is raining . 
1	now the phones can go all day without a charge . 
0	maybe i would appreciate it more if i actually watch wrestling . 
1	if you want a budget phone that can do everything , such as call , message , browse , facebook , take pictures ,  then look no far . 
0	besides this ,  they look fine and well made . 
1	in the pictures ,  it looks as though the purple is really bright . 
0	instead ,  i was shocked with what i received because i cannot use it for her . 
1	i drive a num_num vw rabbit ,  and road noise isn t very loud in my opinion . 
0	i thought she would enjoy it because she liked the teacups at disneyland so much . 
1	i love it ,  great quality ,  lasted forever ,  just recently retired it ,  the paint chipped on it sadly fairly quickly . 
0	yes ,  its very very cheap ,  so i thought what the hell ill just buy it . 
1	no issues on this item . the mic is clear . 
0	i am concluding that the design of the locking mechanism is faulty . 
1	my only complaint ?  the red led light of the temp display is very bright . 
0	apps that use the camera are the worst ! i sync with exchange . 
1	i live in an old house with no yard . 
0	i crossed my fingers ,  ignored my instincts ,  and let it run anyway . 
1	for spices it s great ,  for coffee it s okay ,  it gets the job done . 
0	my num_extend and orangerx receivers have not been a problem ,  but that could be lucky . 
1	i have a more expensive set that is thicker and better finished . 
0	so ,  i m sending this shipment back and going with the licorice and the ginger . 
1	it is always useful to have a battery backup when traveling . 
0	just google  gs num_num blinking lights  and you will find a long list of hits . 
1	but this case looks really nice on the phone . 
0	i fiddled around with it and tested various levels of sking dampness under the chest strap . 
1	use the wide flat blade to pick up all the chopped food . 
0	it s nice that the mat is longer and padded ,  but it s super slippery . 
1	long story short ,  this is a compact ,  powerful charger ,  and the included usb tips are a nice touch . 
0	i don t know why i thought these hair ties were thicker than they actually are . 
1	i can t bring myself to use them because they are so beautiful ,  so for now they are decorations !  !  . 
0	i guess i wasn t the only one with the same problem . 
1	i use a little butter ,  some onions and the kirkland salt i bought from amazon . 
0	maybe a bigger dog would like it better . 
1	the switch broke on the second one after num_extend years . 
0	they do seem to hear it and are mildy curious . 
1	if so that is certainly something to consider when purchacing . 
0	i rarely use car chargers and this one got maybe num_num uses out of it before biting the dust . 
1	the front magnet clasp works just fine keeping the phone nicely locked in the carry pouch . 
0	so we cut our losses and removed the feeder entirely . 
1	holmes num_num twin window exhaust fan is exactly what i had imagined for a $ fan . 
0	num_extend i worry about long term repair costs and reliability vs . 
1	i have a droid num_num with a case on it ,  and it doesn t quite fit exactly . 
0	although they say they re num_num inch diameter ,  they re a little bit bigger . 
1	love the case ,  saved the phone several times . delivered in a timely fashion . 
0	finally i found it and it worked like a charm . 
1	i didn t think my oven temperature adjustment was working so i bought this to test it . 
0	i got this a couple of months ago . 
1	an annoyance ,  yes ,  but not a fatal flaw . that comes in the form of a one foot usb charging cable . 
0	anticipating the arrival of my new cane quickly turned to tears ,  anxiety and disappointment . 
1	i received these pans yesterday and used them today . 
0	i had to wiggle the cord for my phone to charge . 
1	it makes a frozen pizza into a masterpiece . 
0	i had to cut the little black top stopper and now have the metal bars exposed . 
1	this seems to get worse if i turn my head one direction more then the other . 
0	the one i had was enrobed in white chocolate  or so it reads  . 
1	i have thick deep pile carpet and it gets the dirt that other vacuums have num_extend
0	the num_num eq bands do what they should and help warm up the the smaller ear buds and phones . 
1	i put up about num_num quarts of tomatoes and num_num pints of jelly and this pot was perfect . 
0	this ain t waht i used to use !  !  !  !  !  !  i remember a nice long lasting beautiful scent . 
1	for the price its worth it and the quality is great . 
0	maybe i got a bad batch ,  if that s possible ,  but i completely disagree with the other reviews . 
1	the canner i had way back when was also a presto . 
0	it is manufactured by sandoz and is prescription only . 
1	i kept mentioning it to our custodians for the past few years . 
0	too bad i can t ask for a refund . 
1	the white simplicity will match any other corelle you have . 
0	it s not intuitive and complicated to set up . 
1	when i got it i was looking for things to can just to use it . 
0	i was concerned about the crushed velvet but that is not a problem . 
1	a lot less expensive then the encase and the same thing really . 
0	you have to move stuff for him with the sling shot . 
1	we use this for everything from soup to cornbread to veggies . 
0	there isn t much to any of the supplies . 
1	and i m glad i bought the larger size . 
0	also note that i will be sending you out a replacement . 
1	have tried several other brands and these are the highest quality and easiest to apply . 
0	save yourself the nightmare scenarios and buy something else instead . 
1	we could not risk bottles slipping either sideways ,  backwards or forwards out of the rack . 
0	when i originally wrote a review for this item ,  it was a favorable review . 
1	you can plug the earpiece into the case and charge both at the same time . 
0	they say if it ain t broke ,  then don t fix it . 
1	this was down to $ when i bought it . 
0	if you can get past that though ,  the flavor is alright . 
1	at times it is troublesome getting the coffee pot in the correct position under the brewer . 
0	a year passed ,  and for the most part ,  the toy sat in the toy box . 
1	i have had this for almost a year  since it came out i quickly bought num_extend
0	dont even bother to illegally download it for free or go to the trouble of even thinking of it . 
1	very inexpensive ,  and good to have as an  extra  case ,  for looks only . 
0	it is so tiny ,  i can t believe they charge that much for it . 
1	it is programable ,  but i like grinding my beans in the a . m . 
0	don t plan on stacking more than two high at most . 
1	this egg cooker seems to be of the same quality and cooks perfect eggs . 
0	example :  it s set for num_extend and you want to change the minute . 
1	this detachable sansung galaxy num_extend travel charger is simply good . 
0	this is closer to the smell of tide with bleach . 
1	also ,  you can choose to make them smaller  less batter  or full size . 
0	the lid simply snaps on ,  and very inadequately . 
1	after installing this i can talk from anywhere in the house and never drop a call . 
0	i purchased num_num of these at once and had the same thing happen to both . 
1	if i try to put four slices of bacon on my round one ,  the edges hang off the sides . 
0	the product description should say this only works in very large microwaves . 
1	it has part for the dvd stand and it has parts for cd stand . 
0	i think it smells nice . my problem with the product is that it left my hair feeling sticky . 
1	handy as all things you need are included in one box . 
0	so i am out $ and some change and have a few plastic bags to show for it . 
1	you can flip it open when the phone rings and it answers the call for you . 
0	another flavor was :  water sufficient for processing ,  chicken ,  and liver . 
1	it s like i found the magic bottle  glass  ,  and it has fulfilled my wish  perfect coffee  . 
0	the specular highlights change badly on some of the vehicles when they transition from low to high detail models . 
1	i use this chopper almost daily and think everyone should own one . 
0	do not be fooled ,  these are two num_num oz cans which totals num_num ml . 
1	i will be using it for canning very soon . 
0	this product doesn t make any sense to me . 
1	i used to use and still do at time the duracell one that u need the usb cable for . 
0	dunno about you ,  but my hair takes longer than num_num seconds to dry . 
1	and that s saying a lot since i ve been looking for a good sifter for num_num years !  . 
0	for every one i have to return i lose an hour of my time . 
1	if you anchor these with as many screws as possible you really cant beat the strength . 
0	i have been using excel now for num_num month and haven t seen any improvement in my stunted plant growth . 
1	but the tongs needed special use or they would scratch the expensive  all clad  pots and pans . 
0	i will try again next time i think i need it and see if it helps . 
1	i try to salve my conscience by making sure i recycle all the bags when they re no longer usable . 
0	they may cost more ,  but atleast you will get an accurate answer . 
1	while it appears to be similar enough to keep ,  i m a bit disappointed that amazon would substitute without asking . 
0	as it is ,  the console control setup is terrible . 
1	bought the disposable bags to go with it . 
0	if you look at the reviews on orion s website ,  they are strongly positive . 
1	i didnt have problems with colors spilling like another reviewer did . 
0	might as well save your money and take a shot of the real stuff . 
1	i don t quite need the long cable; but the length is comparable to the charger i got from samsung . 
0	wish i hadn t spend good money on it . 
1	i have been wanting to purchase a bundt pan for awhile ,  couldn t find my old one . 
0	these scratched both when i put them on ,  wore them and took them out . 
1	you know exactly what your getting ,  popped corn and only what you put on it . 
0	so i m back to my old  alarmless ,  alas  metal watch from target that i ve had for num_num years . 
1	we enjoy our favorite tea leaves more often now . 
0	it was gross and left my shoes with a sticky bottom ,  which then took forever to remove . 
1	i already owned an external battery from this company . 
0	my fifteen pound cat could easily knock the entire thing over . 
1	all of the other units store the blower and filter horizontally whereas this model does so vertically . 
0	the belt is made of a low quality leather that almost feels rubbery . 
1	they are flexible enough ,  and are easily hand washable . 
0	try to find it used or on craigs list or maybe even a baby swap . 
1	it s a pain to lift the top and scrape with the mixer off . 
0	somehow the little staircase traps the loose litter before they leave the box . 
1	my old earpiece had a black covering that was coming off in my ear . 
0	right out of the box i could not get it to work . 
1	don t leave to air dry ,  but dry and put away ,  as you would any cookware you cherish . 
0	i will give an honest review and personal opinion that makes sense . 
1	i wouldn t buy one at this near $ price ,  but that is for you to judge . 
0	when comparing these screen protectors to other ones on the market ,  there are far more superior ones out there . 
1	they fit perfect and cover almost all of the screen . 
0	she further explained that the deformed nail is the fungus  opportunistic effect on healthy tissue . 
1	pasta ,  nut butters ,  mill your own flour ,  ect . the motor never has problems ,  even with tons of carrots going through . 
0	first time i tried to use the crust control in the whole weat setting ,  it didn t work . 
1	i am so glad i ordered this grill . 
0	it is just that this one was not my favorite . 
1	the quality of the product is very good . 
0	then i got a third one ,  and this one started acting screwy within the first few months . 
1	they are absolutely perfect for the cast iron skillet i purchased . 
0	these however are a bit tight at the waist and more than a bit tight ar the thighs . 
1	wait till you see the red ring flash twice and your done . don t synch it using the bluetooth discovery method . 
0	arrived quickly ,  packaged great but was disappointed in the merchandise . 
1	this size is perfect for a little soup or making small batches of sauce . 
0	the problem with food falling on the ground is that it brings rats and mice . 
1	storage is simple as these boards are really thin and slide in almost anywhere . 
0	second ,  the watch was too small for her wrist ,  looked to be the size for a very small wrist . 
1	the only shortcoming is that it tends to make a mess of small coffee particles . 
0	all the bugs in the finished game reveal the lack thereof . 
1	i now use them to control the temperature of my dry curing cabinet . 
0	it may be great for others ,  but it is not for me . 
1	not only that ,  the num_num spare batteries also charged up in my phone when i had it plugged in . 
0	leave this one in the past where it never should have spawned . 
1	even the otherwise crappy motorola razr line  e . g . 
0	this is usually in the later half of the game . 
1	beautiful color ,  great quality ,  and it matches the lenox tablecloth i picked up last year . 
0	unfortunately ,  even though we gave it gentle handling and good care ,  it began to leak and ultimately became useless . 
1	i was looking through all the stainless steel models  ho ,  hum  when i came across this one . 
0	it s always good to try new things ,  makes you appreciate the old !  . 
1	it is narrow though and takes more passes than a rug doctor cleaner ,  and holds less water . 
0	however ,  that is not what i was looking for . i much prefer the black cherry over the other two . 
1	it improves contrast and reduces the overhead glare . 
0	i made the mistake of washing them with other clothes and yes ,  they shed in the laundry . 
1	you must use these  actually at least num_num popping  for great popped corn . 
0	just because % of betta owners mistreat their fish doesn t mean you have to . 
1	the scarlet is always great for the holidays as well as every day . 
0	unfortunately ,  it is rather nonexistent in any color at all . 
1	i will say that the mirror finish does show wear after just a few uses . 
0	i suggest if you want to get uv for your aquarium you stick with inline uv systems . 
1	this is the gold standard in fondue pots . 
0	my kittens will play with just about anything . 
1	small and fits under or in the cabinet . 
0	however ,  the birds do not drink from it ,  at all . 
1	there is no drag on the screen surface so movement is smooth . 
0	as others have said there are limited choices for the thunderbolt with the extended battery . 
1	as with all brita filters ,  rinse well before using . 
0	i hate that my phone will restart its self num_num times a day . 
1	it can reasonably well deal with traffic noise when i m walking outside my downtown chicago office . 
0	after going on accutane years ago ,  i never break out . 
1	i bought this as a gift for my mother who wanted a fresher taste for her morning coffee . 
0	i will not reorder this and threw it out . 
1	highly recommend !  do not use for cutting meats ,  use for dry goods such as cheese ,  bread ,  dryer vegetables etc . 
0	you can t hear it enough times that there s a world of difference between grades of paracord . 
1	i may buy one more for olive oil . 
0	they re already back in the box and back to bb tomorrow . 
1	since it is this cheap ,  i think the quality worth the price overall . 
0	i don t know its the paints that suck or if the company are bootlegging the paints . 
1	i bought num_num and would buy more if i had more need . 
0	setup as per instructions tested it in my garage with clear line of view . 
1	the coffee maker works very well and looks nice as well . 
0	immediatly after my daughter starts jamming on it ,  my ears start ringing and my head starts pulsating . 
1	i love it ,  love it ,  love it ,  love it . 
0	the xxl length was good but the girth was gigantic . 
1	the phone has been banged around and keeps on working . 
0	that ll be my  in a rush  and i dont care what i eat type soup . 
1	even the groove is easy to clean with a table knife and a damp paper towel or cloth . 
0	i rinsed and rinsed ,  and the clasps still just weren t any good . 
1	i picked up this headset the other day and i m relatively pleased with it . 
0	these jeans behave like shrink to fit jeans . 
1	this machine is very loud but appears to work fine both as a mixer and with attachments . 
0	the plastic just seems to be that easily crack stuff . 
1	these curtain rings look very utilitarian and plain . 
0	i felt very secure even when i had problems with my balance . 
1	sometimes in a moment of insanity ,  i whip out a box grater . 
0	the base get s so hot that it will burn your hair and you can t control the temp . 
1	warning it is sharp !  will cut fingers too !  . 
0	it just seems they forgot to program anything for entertainers to do . this game is mind boggling buggy . 
1	so far i ve shredded cheese for lasagna and shredded potatoes for hash browns . 
0	they come with absolutely no instructions or what they are called . 
1	 i m pretty particular about my diet  works great ,  not too bad to clean either . 
0	i can now have my morning num_num cups and not feel the acid kick in . 
1	but it does want to slid off sometimes . 
0	i previously owned a one n only for almost num_num years and i loved it . 
1	made in germany ,  these should last you for many years of kitchen prep . 
0	that was two weeks ago and more than a month from the original date that i ordered the ants . 
1	yeah they are a little more pricey then the normal aux cords ,  but you get what you pay for . 
0	and the smell didn t go away once my hair had dried; i smelled like wet dog all day . 
1	everything i have made in it has turned out well . 
0	the mill worked great the first time ,  too bad . 
1	if the knife is dull it will take more than a few swipes to get the edge back . 
0	yeah ,  you can play this game ,  but a lot of other games are better . 
1	i wasn t entirely sure what i was getting when this spatula arrived . 
0	these are not the best collars as they are not strong enough . 
1	it s easier than shaking it the whole time . 
0	i know my correct size ,  what works and what does not now . 
1	my mom always had one when i was a kid . 
0	i wound up returning it  thank you amazon  . 
1	the reason i bought them was mostly for the extra back film ,  which didn t seem possible to purchase separately . 
0	i see from amazon s product alert that my calphalon was bought in num_extend
1	at last ,  you can measure accurately without stooping to get the cup at eye level . 
0	despite what other reviewers have said ,  i think the graphics in  vice city  are horrible . 
1	it is inconsiderate to talk to folks face to face while you have a headset in your ear . 
0	the new printer worked very well ,  for several days . 
1	my only gripe is that the plastic headband warps sometimes ,  but other than that ,  this headset rocks . 
0	this window vac ,  in some ways is good; but i question its use on flat services . 
1	the greatest feature is the rubberized bottom which prevents the bowl from easliy slipping on the counter while mixing . 
0	i never take my watches off ,  which has never been a problem with trusty ol  timex expeditions . 
1	this juicer ,  although big and a bit bulky ,  does a great job . 
0	i really don t think it would help much with num_num people ,  as the case advertises . 
1	she charges her e cigarates everyday and it charges them with no problems . 
0	my skin was less oily ,  not as shiny and the product was absorbed much more quickly . 
1	i m actually somewhat disappointed that this headset connects to devices via usb . 
0	they are flimsy and will break easily after reattaching many times . 
1	about the only thing you can use these for is pictures or papers on your fridge . 
0	then it must be fully dried with a soft dish towel . 
1	charged it up and now the phone works like it did when it was new . 
0	this failure was unbearable due to a screaching static noise . 
1	texting and opening apps is easier on a responsive screen . 
0	i was not too pleased with the taste but it certainly helped my elimination . 
1	and that is what happened to my set . 
0	not up to isotoner s reputation sorry to say . 
1	well ,  after years of service you have to admit it had a great track record . 
0	these seem more like placebos than a medication or supplement . 
1	really prevents spills as i transfer the food into jars . 
0	it appears that the smaller plate is almost as big as the dinner plate . 
1	bad customer service and interface ,  and lots of erroneous charges  always in their favor  . 
0	it is sad to see that the u . s . 
1	then i don t need to worry about vacuum and my furniture . over all ,  i am very happy with this vacuum . 
0	broke the first time i tried to use it . 
1	this quickly froths warm milk for cappucinno and lattes . 
0	she never touches it ,  and i eventually gave it away for another puppy who loves it . 
1	this is a very compact unit that will go nearly anywhere . 
0	it doesn t work and actually takes me longer to fix my hair . 
1	i ve never used it on a potato but i imagine it would work just at well . 
0	the material of the legs feels nice and snug the way it should . 
1	the perfect size to heat up some leftover soup ,  stews ,  vegetables ect . 
0	you expect them to work !  !  !  it s ridiculous to have to call in to get a replacement . 
1	the burrs are ceramic and should last forever . 
0	they are your lashes and you can wash them ,  rub them or whatever . 
1	but i got a new hoover  bagged  vac ,  basically just to have one that looked better . 
0	after num_num minutes ,  it was a choppy mess . 
1	it is a good ,  solid unit that will not likely break and fits properly in the outlet . 
0	this wasn t a successful product for me and i still have not finished the first package . 
1	heavy duty construction ensures even browning every time . 
0	the level design is unimaginative and very linear ,  often literally so and very repetitive . 
1	it s so pretty and works exactly like it s supposed to . 
0	it just wasn t everything we thought and the commercial on tv is very misleading . 
1	it traveled well to my front door and arrived intact . 
0	excel is more difficult to master  not use but master  than a calculator because it does so much more . 
1	this unit works great !  !  once docked the phone goes into navigation mode and works great . 
0	it didn t take more than num_num mins before i placed it in the trash . 
1	watch for amazon price changes .  . i was able to get it for under $
0	that s added sugar ,  but juice counts as added sugar ,  so this baby food is effectively the same thing . 
1	securing and removing the phone from the mounts was fast and easy . 
0	i did not bother to print many photos because i found i was constantly replacing ink cartridges . 
1	the little mats are perfect for just a quick job that doesn t need a big mat . 
0	the size of the bra was so off . 
1	i do prefer the thinner version ,  but the thicker versions aren t so bad either . 
0	i own the desert handle version of this knife . 
1	i never had good luck with bread in the past . 
0	the batteries will not stay connected if you move the device at all . 
1	plus it is very heavy in case you get some unwanted intruders in your house . 
0	the damage is horrid !  !  it feels like it did the first day a bleached it from black . 
1	at best i get one to turn at once ,  and even then it s usually stop and start . 
0	just using it on my hands and el bows and knees . 
1	you can pull it out of the closet anytime and do spot cleaning . 
0	it doesn t smell fruity good  like i expected based on other reviews  and it doesn t hold that great . 
1	i ve found that when i cook brown rice i have to add more water than the instructions say . 
0	this natures glow that they call their self tanner smells bad like all the rest after applying . 
1	wow !  what a great product !  this electric knife sharpener definitely gets its job done . 
0	the only plus side was it had a nice citrus scent . 
1	you actually have to plug your power chord in the back of the dock . 
0	left the cut edges very sharp so caught in my throat and scratched it as well . 
1	we use this for travel and it lives in our luggage most of the year . 
0	the sound from these was clearly not as good as the crossfades . 
1	it did not disappoint !  it s nice and heavy ,  rolled edges ,  and plenty deep for one box of cake mix . 
0	they make it to the top of the loop and splat . 
1	this was done quickly with power to spare . 
0	then i got a completely new mainboard ,  cpu ,  bios etc and thought that would do the trick . 
1	it is up to the user to properly store them and use them . 
0	we have tried everything to keep this from leaking . 
1	love the colors and the rubber feel of it . 
0	optical cables are simple ,  this one is sub par . 
1	let s face it ,  you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated . 
0	most of the shampoo and conditioner were in the bottom of my travel bag . 
1	i have carpet on my living room and on a room in the basement . 
0	it has probably been used for less than num_num hours and never abused . 
1	it even has a flashlight on it if you hold the button for a few seconds . 
0	just check online ,  no one plays race mode because of this . 
1	i love this popcorn maker its easy ,  fast and fun . 
0	each time i had to  repair  the adapter . 
1	i had been waitlisted at the  q  for quite some time for this product . 
0	thought maybe it was a fluke and gave them another try . 
1	this ball and swab holder looks great in my bathroom and almost looks like glass . 
0	i was wrong ,  this item broke after only num_num successful use . 
1	most major brands have their parts easily available but the more popular models might run out of stock . 
0	i was sick to my stomach about this and wrote about this to the store . 
1	i also used it with ichat on my mac mini ,  and the voice clarity was very good . 
0	with no power dial ,  cleaning lint off decorative drapes is out . 
1	however ,  the power of the grinder is impressive . 
0	it honestly has a medicine type of aroma which i thought was quite yucky . 
1	light and sturdy ,  the dual cutting blade is most versatile and the handle grips well in my hand . 
0	now i have to buy a jack to go with a jack . 
1	now for the acid test . i plugged it in ,  pressed the button and seriously ?  this vacuum is incredibly quiet . 
0	oh ,  and controlled by android phones instead of iphones . 
1	portable fan even on one of these !  !  i loved it so much ,  i bought another one . 
0	actually a two day old cup of my coffee taste s a lot better . 
1	just what i needed to go with fiestaware and hold equal and sugar packets . 
0	buy num_extend instead and you will be happy . 
1	the sound is clear and the buttons are easy to access and use . 
0	the shipper did agree to ship the missing shirt . 
1	it is the best dryer on the market ,  and i have used a lot of them . 
0	i was very skeptical to purchase this but there were some great reviews so i thought why not . 
1	this phone has some incredible features at this unlocked ,  off contract price . 
0	returning not appropriate for a num_num year old as stated . 
1	just give a num_num second burst of gas into the container and seal . 
0	once again ,  puffy itchy eyes . so trash can it went !  . 
1	we re adding to our collection of these settings and this was my first  green  . 
0	the fur lifter worked great for one tiny  swoop  . 
1	it only supports one audio source can t switch between computer and phone again not a deal breaker for price . 
0	so it may be worth your while to continue watching this space . 
1	becasue it has a dedicated brown rice cycle as well as a porridge cycle  great for steel cut oatmeal  . 
0	i am sure overall this is a good product ,  but it wasn t for what i purchased it for . 
1	it felt as though it worked pretty darn well ,  though . 
0	not very durableand i have a tiny dog . 
1	what more can i say except this is an oem car charger at a super cheap price . 
0	i d researched for a week and concluded that the infused anodized surface was the best choice . 
1	got this to replace the one my husband broke when coaching a baseball game . 
0	im being honest here ,  i dont understand how this game got good reviews here . 
1	i don t know how long the batteries will last  the directions say num_num uses  . 
0	this coffee is still there and it s been six months . 
1	this thing makes evenly toasted waffles in a couple of minutes each . 
0	but no one plays mario party for the graphics . 
1	i love the long cord !  works great for all of my microsd devices !  . 
0	i would have said it tastes like shampoo too ,  but in all honesty ,  i have never tasted shampoo . 
1	my previous machine  which i still use frequently  is an older model electrolux . 
0	in my experience ,  wine be gone has been conspicuously more effective than wine away . 
1	don t even think about buying anything else !  !  !  i literally cannot imagine a more perfect kitchen tool than this . 
0	i m sorry ,  i cant slap on the kudos that the other syphon filter die hards did for this version . 
1	so yummy !  !  be sure and oil it up really well after use . 
0	i ordered this brand only because it stated that it was in a jar . 
1	i use it all the time to make homemade fries . 
0	not a game to play and take turns . 
1	i would have had to buy an entire new blender . 
0	bought farberware frypan about a year ago from  bigbox store  . 
1	i would suggest anyone who wants to resell a phone when you upgrade to buy one of these . 
0	research other hard drive vendors who make similar products but have better warranties . 
1	the only thing i m not crazy about is the ability to carry credit cards in it . 
0	they went cheap and i will never buy from them again . 
1	i use mine for making puddings and sauces . 
0	my throat has been tight . this is beyond an  allergic reaction  . 
1	when i saw this ,  though ,  i had no problem plunking down the cash . 
0	however ,  the first wagon broke immediately; the horizontal metal holding the handle snapped during num_num minutes of use . 
1	its also really easy to set up and use . 
0	i tried this on my dog with separation anxiety . 
1	it takes a little more time but it is definitely worth it !  i highly recommend this product !  . 
0	this left a lot of exposed glass at the bottom . 
1	have been using them regularly for a couple years . 
0	pros :  it does do what it suppose to do . 
1	i found it to be very intuitive and fairly customizable compared to my num_extend gen ipod touch . 
0	i could not make a straight line with even the steadiest hand . 
1	when it comes to pocket knives ,  i can sharpen them up pretty good with a dual composite stone . 
0	but the dropper is poorly designed ,  and it takes too long ,  and too much product ,  to get any results . 
1	easy to find phone when i lay it down . 
0	i m surprised to see all these positive reviews with no mention of this problem whatsoever . 
1	i purchased this through amazon num_num years ago . 
0	the strap works it s way out when the pack is full . 
1	that alone is fantastic when you re making eggs for company . 
0	it is made of plastic  chain links  ,  and these plastic links feel cheap . 
1	i ve had my case for a few weeks now . 
0	you can find the code information on any company website . 
1	i just love this little cuisinart food processor . 
0	while i have been a big fan of glutino products ,  they failed miserably with this item . 
1	i developed asthma and needed an air purifier ,  this filled the bill and works great . 
0	i don t exercise ,  run with them or work in them . 
1	it makes baking much more pleasurable . this tool has so many uses . 
0	got this for my parakeet originally and he won t go near it . 
1	absolutely nothing sticks to the pans and the baked on debri washes off unbelievably easy . 
0	you can wave ,  stand ,  move in front of it all you want and it won t go off . 
1	i was truly impressed with the simplicity and ease of application . 
0	then every other day for ten days  five full doses over ten days  . 
1	not to mention that my rueben now comes out perfect . 
0	bought this for my wife as her first smart phone . 
1	no complaints other than the price for num_num count . 
0	 i have num_num hours in ,  i hope it changes .  .  .  but there are some redeeming factors here . 
1	i wouldn t want to go back to cutting french fries by hand ,  after using this ,  that s for sure . 
0	expect to reconfigure settings over and over and over again . 
1	this battery is great and way cheaper than getting from the cell store . 
0	this is their top of the line ?  for the high cost ,  i expected more . 
1	maybe some people live in rooms with lots of left over space . 
0	they could be answered innocently or not innocently depending on the participants . 
1	the headphones conveniently store on the ends of the device ,  so no worries about tangled wires . 
0	those little green ones that are supposed to be easily killed with bt . 
1	when you learn when the dough is right you can really crank out the cavatelli . 
0	the design is good so i don t have to have a device in my ear at all times . 
1	if you do decide on the oxo i doubt that you would be disappointed . 
0	i haven t had much luck getting any of my knives sharp with this system . 
1	would recomend it to anybody and already have . 
0	the sims made me feel like i m a spectator . 
1	the chef s choice num_num made the blade razor sharp . 
0	there s always something completely screwed up ,  left out ,  incompatible or just broken right out of the box . 
1	it s a brilliant guide ,  very informative ,  and presented very well . 
0	my normal cholestrol reading is num_extend too high ,  the doctor put me on lipitol . 
1	i have zero hesitation in recommending this headset to you . 
0	both orders the biscuits have all melted together and have to be pried apart with a knife . 
1	you can move to any part of the home and always have network signal so recommend . 
0	once you beat him ,  you can use this weapon for yourself . 
1	excellent durability and you can feel the edge a bit sharper after a few downward light strokes . 
0	they should have used a plastic that isn t destroyed by the sun . 
1	just don t forget to check the reservoir at the back and empty it when necessary . 
0	we usually use a tablespoon of grounds per cup . 
1	i bought this one on sale ,  and i should have bought more . 
0	i wouldn t even pay a dollar for this game . 
1	it s like the swiss army knife of cell phones ! i love the fm radio feature . 
0	so with the new one ,  i covered the opening after every use . 
1	i ve had a presto and i upgraded to fagoramerica which was defective . 
0	my cat went through all the felt mice that i originally bought years ago . i thought i d get more . 
1	the only odd thing is that the filter indicator lights seem unchanged so maybe they don t work . 
0	on mine the colors are all washed out . 
1	i ve had at least five basters in my num_num years of cooking . 
0	got a few good months out of it , i guess you get what you pay for . 
1	the dust cup is of a pretty good size . 
0	i think i can do better with small pieces of carrot . 
1	it is simple enough my husband can use it . 
0	i like first person shooters ,  and was looking forward to this one . 
1	i found a couple of oven mitts extremely helpful while steaming clothing . 
0	just don t count on the tip holding up ,  purchase a micro cloth and air blower . 
1	it works very well ,  but it took me a while to get used to its weight . 
0	my guess is the litter was too grainy and it irritated his paws . 
1	it s durable and adjust to any head size  i . e . 
0	i have not tested the am tuning ,  but the fm tuner constantly drifts . 
1	i would definitely recommend this food num_extend years later and still running great with all original parts . 
0	i sure appreciate them a lot more after this pachmayr disappointment . ps . 
1	this unit isn t as loud as some make it out to be . 
0	this toy was way smaller than i expected . 
1	so far so good however !  what i love about this device : battery lifetruly epic . 
0	this is not made out of the same material as a traditional kong toy . 
1	i searched extensively for a pitcher to meet all my needs . 
0	out of four cats of varying ages ,  num_num years to num_num years ,  none were interested in it . 
1	it is simply too bulky and heavy for that  as is any other num_extend mah battery case  . 
0	i v tried cheaper products that did a better job !  . 
1	i bought it because i just moved into a new apartment ,  and the oven is very old . 
0	i have to add water to this product because it is so dry . 
1	i put my juicer to give it a bit more elevation and it works just fine . 
0	maybe your taste buds won t be as sensitive as mine were . 
1	the door also gets hot but not as hot as the top  the door is insulated  . 
0	i have had num_num or so invicta s over the years and have had to send some back for service . 
1	did feel very large and bulky but it was a great case for my phone  :   . 
0	in fact i think they are nasty compared to the ones they were sending out . 
1	be careful though as all software does not support num_extend yet . 
0	it takes a little like overly sweet crystal lite . 
1	they heat evenly and are easy to clean . 
0	how can it ?  the dog has the upper hand . 
1	like everyone says the tools suck . everything else in the kit is of excellent quality . 
0	i called the center who does not return calls . 
1	i went years with these glasses never breaking ,  even in the hands of my boyfriends young children . 
0	i see that this product has tons of good reviews . 
1	the ball mount gives you swivel in all three axis with a minimum of hassle . 
0	it arrived cracked but ewww it smelled so bad . 
1	do that ,  and the price of this charger makes it a  deal .   . 
0	i m tossing this and never using it again . 
1	just this week the rim cracked ,  and i can t really blame it . 
0	needless to say i am extremely disappointed in this game . 
1	not a deal breaker ,  but not a feature either . 
0	i m giving num_num star so anyone looking for a con can see this . 
1	it is quiet and does a great job mixing . 
0	ugh !  i sure had high hopes and i was bitterly disappointed . 
1	this is slim enough to fit inside our rv with little trouble . 
0	i titrated to try to find the right dose but i never could . 
1	other than that ,  this is a charger that i recommend . 
0	these tongs are a bit hard to hold and to squeeze . 
1	but it does the job for being a significant fraction of the original gear from samsung . 
0	i would recommend one size bigger than what you want . 
1	when the price dropped recently ,  i bought one ,  and it has lived up to the magazine s reviews . 
0	i travel and there are dead spots in the rural areas . 
1	one thing that amazes me is how quickly it cooks a simple grilled cheese sandwich . 
0	i was hoping this product would be easy for me to use . 
1	it is a good purchase for the price and shipping was really fast . 
0	this stuff is the worst mountain house product there is . 
1	seems to be well made ,  and frankly is a lot more than i expected given the low price . 
0	frame is sturdy ,  but that is not the most important part . 
1	i have seen some with spouts on both sides ,  but they are not as nice as this one . 
0	after listening to these earphones for an hour ,  i decided that the sound quality was unacceptably poor . 
1	decent case ,  protected my tb from a couple of drops . 
0	i do like the flavor from the burr coffee grinders . 
1	she said this charged a lot faster than the original . 
0	i have no idea where these good reviews came from . 
1	since we now have a stainless steel kitchen i started looking at stainless steel electric kettles . 
0	man ,  this game is the worst game i had ever played . 
1	i will purchase again when this one dulls . 
0	never again will i spend so much money for a phone with moving parts . 
1	it runs around the can ,  and comes to a stop right at the end of the run . 
0	for the money ,  it should have been made much better . 
1	my husband and i got our first cast iron pan about a year ago . 
0	this game was said to have been much more than it is . 
1	my mom had a ugly green flower pattern my whole life . 
0	the phone has a bigger screen than my old ipod touch and iphone num_extend
1	i ve reviewed quite a few bluetooth headsets over the years . 
0	i d give num_num stars if it had not been left to the customer to q . c . 
1	so i told him a little white lie about how much it cost ,  they re living on a fixed income  . 
0	dpn t be fooled by the riedel name on these . 
1	do yourself a favor and buy one ,  you won;t be disappointed . 
0	i had the headphones for one week when one of them stopped working . 
1	overall ,  i m very pleased with all the features this phone offers and feel its a keeper !  . 
0	i m ordering a new foreman grill and it will not have removable plates . 
1	i use it almost every day ,  and the autostop has worked well . 
0	this arrived with a manufacturers defect  a chip under the lid  . 
1	my husband and i don t drink coffee ,  but wanted it for our frequent guests who do . 
0	or even a quarter of the price . it all comes in a cheap plastic box . 
1	however ,  you most change the file extension from num_extend to num_extend
0	it s not an unsafe toy ,  just not a good toy . 
1	bake num_num minutes with top on ,  remove for the last num_num minutes of baking time . 
0	bad taste it has ,  but i can usually get around most supplements that are not tasteful . 
1	the red light is on all other times when the grill is plugged in . cleaning it is easy enough . 
0	this bluetooth lasted me less than a week . 
1	not the pans fault ,  just not used to it . 
0	do not buy buy something else not wroth wasting your time . 
1	on my car  jaguar x type  ,  it works great in both portrait and landscape mode . 
0	it had a seam that was uncomfortable and felt like it was in the wrong place . 
1	have had henckels and there is just something more in the curve and feel of the wusthofs . 
0	i think these are flimsy tools ,  but i like having a large and small side stamper for image transfer . 
1	it is easy to handle ,  the instructions book was clear and useful . 
0	after one month from purchase the black pigment was worn off im really disappointed with this purchase . 
1	it s easy to install and does not appear poised to fall apart any time soon . 
0	so yes its cheap but it doesn t work well at all . 
1	these spoons are very strong and sturdy . i m only giving them num_num stars because they are pink . 
0	i would certainly consider investing in something more useful than this piece . 
1	it is well made ,  does what it s supposed to and looks good too . 
0	i thought that i might try this one also as it gets good reviews . 
1	this is much better than an ordinary steel . 
0	it probably would have been flippin sweet back when the movie came out . 
1	the lag and constant running out of memory with firefox ,  i hope ,  get fixed with the ics update . 
0	the reality is that if the reviews are not credible then amazon s vine program will not succeed . 
1	this is better for the phone battery and it save additional juice . 
0	and that s why it gets two stars instead of one . 
1	i first used the ground beef stroganoff recipe that came with the oven and my family num_extend loved it . 
0	i had to keep setting it back up . 
1	i am a happy owner and would encourage anyone with this droid to purchase this itemoh . 
0	i guess that s nas !  !  not sure it is good or bad . 
1	i get a lot of complements on it . 
0	i realize this toy has add ons .  .  . but why spend that ?  this was already overpriced . 
1	nonstick coating works very nicely ,  and waffles do not stick . 
0	this product is expensive and it caused eye irritation . 
1	an added bonus is that they are ready to go right out of the box ,  no assembly required . 
0	i will be donating the remaining num_num boxes to an area food bank . 
1	in fact my sister in law wants one now . 
0	although it worked ,  sensor of phone  bottom left doesn t work well . 
1	one small cake makes a better and prettier presentation for sharing then just cutting a cake in half . 
0	i just don t understand the appeal of this product . 
1	the juices groove on the reverse of each is a good touch . 
0	although i like the texture and the brush on the end ,  the color is way too unnatural for me . 
1	the microphone works well for phone calls; overall ,  you cannot go wrong with this product including the price !  . 
0	pros : initially makes hardwood floors look great . cons : wears off over time just as any other finish will . 
1	soups  and making small quantities of sauces ,  etc . 
0	got the num_extend from amazon ,  which shipped it in record time  tnx amazon  . 
1	no  burning  smell in first uses . hold your hand on top of the blender while it s running . 
0	really disappointed that i spent so much on this product . 
1	read directions before using ,  and it will product perfect loaf every time . 
0	i can t say this about most of my electronic gear . 
1	take it out of the micro and carry it instantly . 
0	i love green products ,  but i won t sacrifice quality all the time in order to get it . 
1	i just got it last week and i ve used it so many times . 
0	cannot recommend as a pet toy ,  it s too heavy for small dogs and larger dogs will tear it apart . 
1	i was pleased with the performance of the lg and thought that it was great for my needs . 
0	i was not given any tracking information and this package went through customs . 
1	i tried various cases on several different cell phones . 
0	not too loud ,  the magnet and the stand works . 
1	i have been wanting one of these grills since they came out . 
0	i live alone with no kids so will continue to use it very carefully . 
1	it s also a great boon to healthier eating ,  in my opinion ,  and that s worth the price . 
0	as for ingredients ,  it seemed to have all the vitamins associated with energy boost ,  though it also contained caffeine . 
1	also ,  when the yeast is dispensed it makes a handful of loud clicking noises . 
0	only got to use it three or four times . 
1	remove excess water from the pan  if any  . 
0	i was also expecting the bar to be either sweet or roasted salty ,  but this was neither . 
1	i d suggest those with problems reset the num_extend and read the instructions on how to pair this correctly . 
0	as others have noted ,  the umbrella screw strips the plastic threads so easily it s practically a disposable product . 
1	i ve only had this grinder for three weeks ,  but it sure seems like a winner so far . 
0	luckily i got some utitlity out of it before the buttons stopped working . 
1	it was bought for a friend of mine and she loves it . 
0	i bought this to help maintain the temperatures when using two gigabyte num_extend in crossfire configuration . 
1	if you need coffee to stay hot longer or don t have a microwave ,  this likely won t work for you . 
0	the problem is the cleaning cycle :  it just takes too long . 
1	do i care ?  hell no !  i m ready num_num the newer version . 
0	the holder doesn t feel real durable to me . 
1	i don t think that even jabra considered that . 
0	it may work for you so while i don t recommendit ,  i will recommend a product that does . 
1	it goes in and out of the microwave with ease and the volume markings are easy to read . 
0	i had to cut out a lot of his hairs because of the amount of poo stuck in them . 
1	just don t cut the tip off  till they re ready to use . 
0	the good news :  it seems sturdy and the striker always creates a spark . 
1	cleanup it pretty quick with a bottle brush to get in all the crevices . 
0	despite the advertised information that this item is made for jawbone era bluetooth headsets ,  they do not fit . 
1	i bought this set to add to the pyrex bowls i bought open stock at a discount store . 
0	i should have sent it back and will never order this again . 
1	they come in yellow which for years has been the color signifying sport style . 
0	then i ll have to press the plug back in again . 
1	this problem does not exist with the hamilton beach product . 
0	if you buy this stove ,  please stick with coleman fuel . 
1	one for home and one for the office . 
0	the body is cheaply made of inferior plastic ,  and the screen is some inferior glass as well . 
1	a great product  ,  at a nice price . 
0	it literally sounded like i was playing tapes again . 
1	i also thought the vendor did an excellent job packing and shipping the case almost immediately . 
0	that sounds like pride ?  insulting to all americans . 
1	something that was the right size for cookies ,  meatballs ,  making melon balls . 
0	then ,  i find it hard to apply ,  the color doesn t come on evenly . 
1	the mixer stand is a nice compact size and cuts down on the clutter feeling . 
0	i don t use the spray nozzle ,  just a few drops . 
1	though i know that regular tap water should be fine to drink ,  i still feel better using the filter . 
0	unfortunately i need two hoses so this ones going back . btw the sander works great . 
1	i think this is a genuine palm battery . 
0	the droid should start getting the same quality soon . 
1	of course there must be other purposes ,  but this is why i use it . 
0	this didn t even come close to cutting it . 
1	third ,  you re done in under three minutes  no kidding  start to finish . 
0	too bad ,  there s no such thing as starting over . 
1	it is handy to though lets you know its working or even pluged in . 
0	it appears that this round goes to the israelis over the germans . that is my individual experience . 
1	i m now baking like a pro thanks to this machine . 
0	it is cute and well made ,  but they couldn t care less about that part . 
1	leaves the carpet clean and not too damp , this is the one to have for convenience and cost !  . 
0	i returned the first set thinking it was defective and the second had the same problem . 
1	i have owned some in the past that with a butcher knife i accidentally put a hole in them . 
0	but the sausage stuffer  which is sold separately from the grinder  is time consuming and laborious . 
1	i got these headphones when i picked up a windows phone . 
0	customer service said that the carpet cleaner would be significantly discounted if i decided to keep it . 
1	these worked so well i ordered some for my husband s iphone as well . 
0	this is the most uncomfortable headphone i ve ever worn . 
1	it just adds another charger to the collection . 
0	what a waste of $ off ,  the cart is not all metal . 
1	i bought this earlier this summer and i finally used it this past weekend . 
0	the manufacturer needs to stick with one look and perfect that . all in all i would not recommend this cereal . 
1	i don t like those cutsie utensil crocks with little pale prints of flowers ,  roosters ,  fruits and things like that . 
0	i m disappointed in it but i guess i didn t really read the description well enough . 
1	cheap ?  some reviews say so .  .  . i really like them . 
0	they just fit differently from my older two pair ,  same size ,  but not comfortable at all . 
1	but you go through a lot of sandwich meat with panini s but this product is wonderful . 
0	first off ,  the basic idea behind these small countertop grills is an excellent one . 
1	the cord is long and flexible  very handy in a crowded kitchen environment  and the motor is unusually quiet . 
0	i will say that mio is very convenient . 
1	the yogurt maker that these go with is the best !  !  !  the cups seal very nicely . 
0	right now ,  she doesn t like it too much at all . 
1	the way it holds onto the pan is very convenient . 
0	i really like my other presto products ,  a pressure cooker and the pizzazz pizza cooker . 
1	are you kidding me ?  for a penny i bought num_num of them just in case i tear one . 
0	i would have given it num_num stars if it weren t for the defective edge . 
1	it has worked flawlessly for me over the last year or so . 
0	first of all ,  the card received is different from the picture . 
1	it s true ,  the molding does hold water ,  but it s not a major deal breaker for me . 
0	give me dust on my toast ,  i don t care . 
1	ordered it from importer num_num and its actually anti glare . 
0	sure that s more meant for the field than for the office ,  but there s a darn good kit . 
1	this is one handsome case !  i like the feel ,  and appearance of this cover . 
0	the problem is after only a few uses ,  it started to fall apart . 
1	the cover is great for storage . we definitely recommend . 
0	with an original price point of about $ this stylus should have a better ,  more reliable design . 
1	i purchased this directly from seido ,  and it s dieing on me repeatedly . 
0	i won t buy it again since i only get half the bag to pop . 
1	well ,  i was skeptical about spending $ for corn plates . 
0	these socks pick up everthing  lint in the laudry and out . 
1	it was just enough to cover the bottom . 
0	i was very excited when i brought pow home and placed the disc in my xbox . 
1	it still takes a little time ,  but so does my garmin dedicated gps num_extend
0	bought these for my num_num month old maltipoo who is pure white . 
1	not good if you drop your phone on concrete or ceramic tiles . 
0	due to the vibrating and rattling ,  i cannot even hold this knife long enough to do a full brisket . 
1	makes great smoothies . puddings ,  and protein shakes , also makes great milkshakes . 
0	it was really nothing special as far as giving length or volume . 
1	very inexpensive and works great for my purposes . 
0	anyway ,  my problem with these shorts is the padding :  it s sooooo thick and long that it s embarrassing . 
1	i bought the num_num and num_num inch knives and love them . 
0	you can t put people or your created wrestlers in num_extend
1	it can easily hold two to three of those lipton noodle packets . 
0	the audio cable is redundant ,  if audio works anyway through the usb . 
1	they look almost as new as the day i bought them . 
0	it s not so much the dropping of the pencils that causes this . 
1	and some people reading this may have dead zones . 
0	here is how the conversation went : wife takes a swig ,  looks at me with eyes all googled . 
1	i have nothing bad to say about this product . 
0	though the manual was missing from the package and i have yet to find it online . 
1	beer is so tasty ,  its packed along on my yearly hunting trips . 
0	i ll just use the metal bowl and lid . 
1	the blue plastic pry tool are no use . 
0	it hums ,  crackles ,  and i think i m having problems with my equipment . 
1	seems more reasonable to have quicker access to a flashlight than laser pointer but that s just my opinion . 
0	the seller agreed to take it back for a restocking fee and i had to pay for shipping . 
1	cause i m not going to pay anywhere near $ for num_extend
0	so ,  i guess if you have declawed your cat ,  this might be a good option . 
1	so far so good with these ice trays . 
0	he bounces around even when he s not supposed to and comes off at various points on the oval . 
1	i really like the extending cable that allows you to charge almost anything with a micro usb port . 
0	i get the odd blemish now and then ,  but lately stress has gotten the better of my skin . 
1	therefore ,  the sound is a little bit muffled ,  unless you open the kickstand . 
0	even though there are much cooler and better women in the game . 
1	the coffee stays warm so long as you leave it plugged in . 
0	this is probably the worst sounding out of the num_extend
1	like a fool ,  i didn t buy any but my mom got four sets . 
0	i figure i can get decent trade value for it if i turn it in soooooooooon . 
1	since these are not cut outs ,  they simply extend the buttons . 
0	this seemed to be a good and cheap alternative to a computer . 
1	the fit on both products is excellent and the price is right for such a high end built product . 
0	if you really need an extension for your headset ,  buy something else !  . 
1	it also seems to handle wind noise adequately . 
0	i said oh god remove it immediately . but it is too late . 
1	i have had the chance to use one of the batteries for several weeks . 
0	upon some pounding and removal of powder coating ,  the hitch finally fit . 
1	i am not a whiskey drinker ,  but my husband is . 
0	i purchased this product almost six months ago and have given it time to write this review . 
1	obviously i was pleased with the product because i replaced it with the same thing . 
0	i never consume hulled seeds which are empty calories ,  absolutely worthless since the nutrients have been removed . 
1	when listening to music it drops it sometimes . the colors that are available make the options great . 
0	i think for girls num_extend and up ,  baby alive is the better pick . 
1	so far i ve used them for cakes as small as num_extend round and up to num_extend round . 
0	it will not even fit a kindle reader in it . 
1	this shot glass has helpful measurement levels for teaspoons ,  tablespoons ,  ounces ,  and milliliters . 
0	there was only one comb and it was sewn on the side instead of the top . 
1	i read the reviews but still went ahead and ordered . 
0	i had to affix it with super glue . 
1	this is a great press !  we purchased the num_num cup press along with a glass lined thermos . 
0	second cup was poured down the sink . and it isn t just the initial taste . 
1	very easy to put together and it looks quite sturdy to me . 
0	despite how the item is described it is not oem . 
1	i won t try that again . the quality of the mixer is great and it s very sturdy . 
0	she didn t return it ,  but does not use it . 
1	actually got a real person on the phone right off the bad . 
0	this stuff feels like it has something abrasive in it . 
1	they keep away the freezer burn which is awesome . 
0	apparently they have no interest in doing so ,  new ceo or not . 
1	this was the num_extend choice of america s test kitchen . 
0	i just hope it smells better as time goes on . 
1	the oil has no smell and seems to soak into the wood as it should . 
0	they are a little wider than normal but not longer than normal . 
1	henckels twin cuisine serving spoonand not a slotted spoon ,   i wonder why ?   my options were more limited . 
0	but in this household ,  the computer is not used as a child s toy ,  so the product is useless . 
1	paid num_num bucks for it what more can anyone ask for . 
0	the pillow is too small and the velcro strip won t stay put . 
1	you get what you pay for and this knife ,  along with other wusthof knives are worth every penny . 
0	hers broke within a week; mine broke within two months . 
1	 ours is many years old ,  cost under num_num num_extend
0	i got an num_num and it actually works . 
1	it works for both small and larger pans and the feet are great . 
0	thankfully i did not wake up due to cramping . 
1	the jawbone era headset is such an improvement from the icon . 
0	the levels designed in the hellish alternate reality of the demon are really nightmarish . 
1	this little tool enables you to add another ,  fresh dimension to yourcooking . 
0	we finally were able to put it together  for the most part  using these num_extend
1	i only wish it were not just lines going in only one direction . 
0	i recommend the nissan num_extend lunch tote instead  even if you can t buy it here  . 
1	my old juicer handled a huge amount of carrots because the waste went into the basket . 
0	last i checked this was num_num not num_extend
1	works perfectly in venezuela with companies and current working conditions . 
0	i just tried a bottle of the  new and improved  . 
1	cuts sims just fine {works quite well actually} and comes with num_num micro sim adapter included . 
0	i bought this game to play bot matches online with my friends . 
1	this one could probably easily last me a year or more the way it s going as of yet . 
0	the filter does move whenever you focus  not good  . 
1	i believe my phone output is num_extend so the picture quality is very good . 
0	you d rather be better off without this game . it has a few extras and minigames ,  improved graphics and fixed bugs . 
1	there s nothing fancy about them ,  but they are solid and have good weight to them . 
0	so ,  watching her ,  our smaller cat jumped up to use it . 
1	i knew i could always trust the name cuisinart and i can . 
0	either this item was defective or just did not work on my bike . 
1	i was satisfied ,  however i called them to make sure that there was no mistake . 
0	it squeeks when you hand write with it . 
1	the pan is heavy and the coating seems to work well . 
0	this game had many faults in my opinion . 
1	kitchenaid mixer when it was on sale  got the red one  . 
0	worse than any packet hot cocoa i ve ever had . 
1	th picture and colors were very impressive . there is a virtual  on touch screen  keyboard and a slide out keyboard . 
0	richard s organics seems to use the words  safe and effective  on most of their products . 
1	i used to have to sweep every other day the entire house before i got the roomba . 
0	shure is charging a lot for these foams ,  so keep that in mind when you buy this product . 
1	there is just something special about coffee made from a percolator . 
0	i continued to use it ,  but without the two top heating elements working it s basically useless . 
1	please do not believe the bad reviews on this product . 
0	after all that trouble ,  i find out that this product is nothing special . 
1	i also primed my mix in this in the freezer first . 
0	she won t even bat it around or bunny kick it . 
1	thumbs up for pyrex ,  an old standard we can  apparently  still feel confident in using . 
0	if you have to dabble with the cake mix so much ,  then its not a successful cake mix imho . 
1	this a super kitchen helper and i will probably get another one for the philly cream cheese !  . 
0	felt clunky and like i had stuffed my bra with rolled up socks . 
1	simply add your milk  or water  and your hot chocolate mix and click the button . 
0	i just felt like the whole box was soiled after a week or two of use . 
1	i can only use the cable by plugging it into a computer usb port . 
0	the second one did the same thing and i ended up returning that too . 
1	it s design allows me access to those narrow herb and spice rack jars . 
0	instead of a banana taste ,  this was mostly made of dates . 
1	mine was a refurbished unit ,  but it works just fine . 
0	i have to wear shorts with pockets in them to carry it with me when i run . 
1	also i purchased these fans off of walmart . com and saved $ and only paid num_extend shipping . 
0	the case sucks !  poorly engineered and even worse in manufacturing . 
1	this is the first time i purchased this color  paprika  . 
0	i got the extra length and it bent on me . 
1	i don t have a dishwasher and it s easy to clean . 
0	very disapointed with amazon and the air pump company . 
1	a nice alternative to buying the two pan system ,  especially if you already own cuisinart pans . 
0	but it doesn t smell like sandalwood to me ,  not even a tiny bit . 
1	now ,  my streak is not destined for the recyclers ,  just yet . 
0	i didn t enjoy this game as much as i would of . 
1	compared to metal pans ,  i d add some more time or bake at a higher temperature . 
0	i will be reluctantly moving to logitech for my computer speakers . 
1	it is so nice to have cold filtered water in the fridge ready to go when i need it . 
0	i probably should have just trashed it . i debated for a long time before purchasing another . 
1	i have had my case for over a year now and both the case and phone are going strong . 
0	they re pretty ,  but unfortunately just being pretty doesn t cut it when it comes to shoes . 
1	i love this sweeper it is very convenient makes quick clean up easy . does the job . 
0	so why not just charge using your own device . 
1	the msrp on the ffpa attachment pack retails for $ but on amazon . com ,  the current price is $
0	i had previously purchased the carnival women s long line tuxedo bra ,  which was a total disaster . 
1	it is not clear yet if the change will impact the performance ,  but it has changed nonetheless . 
0	even my kids have better straps on their book num_extend
1	since it doesn t touch the contents of the can ,  the opener stays clean . 
0	with the first set to num_extend the second would report  correct  voltage if it was set to num_extend
1	the meats come out relatively juicy ,  and minus a good deal of fat . 
0	i just recently bought more of the white and black version that have better buttons . 
1	i bought this to julienne zucchini for use in place of pasta and it works great . 
0	i called tech support and they said download here . 
1	bought two of these sets and it works perfectly . 
0	we kept thinking we d found a solution by dealing with the valve . 
1	it s a bit bulky and makes the phone look twice it s size . 
0	that one seemed to be a  lemon  because after a couple of weeks it was incredibly noisy . 
1	the cast iron heats very evenly and stays hot . 
0	now the metal belt clip shows and the worn out leather pieces are unmanageable . 
1	they are not high quality ,  but do what they are supposed to do . 
0	the fit was too loose and fell off the edges when he tried to use the phone . 
1	it has a large flat bottom that heats water up very fast . 
0	i am probably going to wind up buying another one from a different company . 
1	rinse the base and give it a quick wipe out on the inside . 
0	she loves it !  plus ,  it s soft enough that it doesn t bang on our hardwood floors . 
1	great quality and love the ease of use . 
0	i m shocked to see such great reviews for this product . 
1	i only hope for more products like this . 
0	a bit of a let down how thin these guys are . 
1	perhaps that is the main reason why it wiggles so much ,  maybe it is too num_extend
0	the controls suck especially the camera angels ,  i got bored with this after an hour . 
1	bought this one for eggs but the new pans don t have the high polish so they stick some . 
0	the colors and brightness of metals are dimming and the brightness of some stones are clouding . 
1	let me begin by saying this thing is quite lovely . 
0	as time went on ,  it just doesn t even get hot anymore at all ,  warm at best . 
1	how do you review this obvious utensil ?  it s a splatter screen . 
0	when i got it out of the package it looked pretty solid . 
1	i had a cuisenart food processor and gave it away . 
0	i have long hair and its hard to avoid getting hair near the part you press with your thumb . 
1	there was a lot of cheering ,  whooping and laughter from the rest of the family . 
0	they should run the length of the insoles to eliminate this problem . 
1	loved the first one and love this one . 
0	the game play ,  how the players move ,  still isnt as good as it was on the old xbox . 
1	getting started and pairing the jabra with my cell phone was super easy for me . 
0	squirt some artificial food coloring in cupcake icing and you have a cheaper alternative in my opinion . 
1	the sizes are perfect for what i need and they stack inside each other . 
0	after about two months of owning the phone ,  the battery life gradually became shorter and shorter . 
1	my husband and i like things that last . 
0	sure this game might play well on other platforms but for the psp . 
1	all in all ,  i am very pleased with the dishes . 
0	i got this for my daughter and was not that happy . 
1	this is a more than tolerable range . admittedly ,  we do not have it mounted right . 
0	as far as flavor goes .  .  .  . there is not any flavor ,  none at all . 
1	sure its a small gripe ,  but in my opinion ,  a valid one . 
0	part of the hinge assembly literally broke off the body as i was squeezing the garlic . 
1	this is the headset i d recommend for anyone with the treo num_extend
0	several also showed up popped and had to be thrown away . 
1	my husband takes coffee for the guys in his when he goes fishing a couple of times a week . 
0	only six months into occasional use ,  ours started to peel badly . 
1	got this napkin holder to go on our porch where we enjoy most of our meals . 
0	i bought another one hoping they had fixed the problem . 
1	i love being able to use this machine to make popcorn without using oil !  healthy ,  fast and great . 
0	they advertised the max outta this ,  and i was expecting a real gem . 
1	the stands are stable and adjust to different listening heights quickly . i have changed this post and rating . 
0	but other than that its all nasty stuff . 
1	i m amazed and would recommend this case to anyone . 
0	the drm policy and limit of num_num activations kills it though . 
1	great buy and they re much cheaper than apple s own . 
0	ok ,  i mean ,  i m pretty sure that these were acually free  plus $ for shipping  . 
1	plus the fact that the handles have a soft grip ,  which helps as well . 
0	i purchased two of these drives .  .  . one for my business and one for my daughter s college work . 
1	a bit of the rubber on one of these pieces was scratched . 
0	it s truly amazing to see so many characters on screen at once with barely any slowdown . 
1	i have my concerns on the teflon coatings breaking down . 
0	it does a poor job of trapping the hair . 
1	these pans cook at even temperatures so everything cooks well . 
0	we tried and tried but with no avail to fix them . 
1	no coffee  dust  to plug up your portafilter and very little static . 
0	it s paper !  !  !  !  !  they couldn t even use material or rubber on the ball . 
1	good product but when all colors are shown ,  that is what i thought i was buying . 
0	i give it a num_num for looking pretty ,  but the rest of it num_extend spices are terrible quality . 
1	it does not slip out of your hand and the wavy design is very decorative . 
0	you may be lucky and have good results or you may be unlucky and harm yourself and your family . 
1	another usage for that ka mixer which may have been idled . 
0	boy was i surprised with the poor quality when they showed up . 
1	feels sturdy and i had not had any issues with it . 
0	so the music is  not  seamless and and has a beginning and ending element . 
1	these are also very comfortable for my hand  i have pretty large hands  . 
0	i would replace the charcoal filter every num_num to num_num weeks . 
1	i don t find the blue flashing light distracting at all . 
0	i think it s due to the fact that this shampoo containes sulfates which i think i m sensitive to . 
1	it does one thing ,  and it does it really well . 
0	and it seems to have no skip protection for num_extend
1	i don t have to worry about ruining it if i leave it in the oven while it is preheating . 
0	the one you have to start  o think now it s the mini  is so much better . 
1	i ve owned this model kettle nearly num_num years . 
0	it feels really heavy on my fingers ,  too . 
1	the weight is substantial and it feels great in hand . 
0	you only get about one full body coverage with this can . 
1	cheap enough to replace ,  i ll give it that . 
0	if you have any type of curve to your body these pants will not work . 
1	but not for everyone if you read all the reviews . 
0	push it up to turn it on and it clicks back down when water is heated . 
1	i found that this is normal and not a thing to worry about . 
0	i soaked some and consumed them per the instructions . 
1	product comes as advertised and is reasonable priced . 
0	monosodium glutamate ?  ?  ?  ?  ? you have got to be kidding ! the package was returned . 
1	what s not to love ?  these are the exact plastic food baskets you get at a diner . 
0	if one was to click on this case and never take it off for any reason ,  you d like it . 
1	i purchased this item because it was all metal components and i wanted it to last . 
0	i find; however ,  that it is not much like ghost recon at all . 
1	i listen carefully for odd noises and vibrations ,  and there are still none . 
0	these are quests that happen on the little island your on . 
1	every time i use this machine ,  i like it more and more . 
0	bought these for listening to my num_extend player without undue disturbance of others . 
1	i bought this cat spoonrest for my daughter ,  and she loves it . 
0	i eventually got to him safely ,  and found that collar stuck in his mouth . 
1	this case was fun ,  cute color and durable . 
0	if like me ,  you don t ,  then you won t . 
1	she is eternally gratefull to me for this gift . 
0	the software routes you through the xp networking wizard and other really unhelpful software . 
1	they make perfectly round cookies and make scooping cookies quick and easy . 
0	that s not something you want to have happen when you ve got a very sharp knife in your hand . 
1	we use them for everyday serving and for special occasions ,  so they re versatile . 
0	call quality is superb and hands free works flawlessly too . 
1	at least i can put foil on the spout and keep out unwanted critters !  . 
0	it s not hard or anything its just boring and a bit laggy . 
1	they literally last forever or at least a lifetime or two . 
0	also eat healthier and drink less  some of us  . 
1	you pulse ,  and move things around a bit . 
0	this is sad ! i packaged up the waring and sent it back via ups a couple weeks ago . 
1	even a couple of inveterate handgrabbers have used them . 
0	i have very sensitive skin and unfortunately ,  the very bad habit of being a facial skincare products junkie . 
1	i haven t had any leaking problems and it was easy to put together . 
0	they could be a tad bit brighter but they are a fog light which is exactly what i needed . 
1	and the tool is just as great as her his  review . 
0	i can t believe anybody actually gave this a good review . 
1	if you treat your shun knife well ,  though ,  it will make cooking fun . 
0	they are truly gentle on the skin . do not recommend . 
1	it succeeded in that there is no longer any messy butter tray and fewer  old maids  left over . 
0	lots of people and easier leveling make it very entertaining . 
1	i would advise people to think twice before picking up many of the attachments though . 
0	i don t knowthank you peggy w . actually they turned out to be good . 
1	that first one is still working perfectly but now i have three . 
0	i love the aluminum can coozie by thermos ,  so i bought one of these paper cup coozies as well . 
1	safe in the microwave ,  freezer ,  oven ,  dishwasher and made in america .  .  . can t beat that . 
0	the heads came loose from the stem and would pinch your lip . 
1	for the longest time i couldn t find a bluetooth headset that fit properly . 
0	the thumbnail clearly shows an oem motorola cable; however ,  the ones in the main pics are blackberry ,  or generic . 
1	my other has a wire handle that is hard for me to manage . 
0	 extra fabric in a d .   it felt too big too exercize in . 
1	we are in florida for three months and the farmers markets are wonderful . 
0	not a bad set for the price ,  but they should put in bold letters  not for plasma tvs  . 
1	i don t use the belt clip but it seems durable as well and easy to use . 
0	i know it has a whole heck of a lot more to it than i have seen so far . 
1	there has been a lot written on this vac so i won t repeat what i have already read . 
0	it would always cut the beginning of your sentence . 
1	you may even get some beneficial iron in your diet ! reccomended . 
0	i cleaned my rug with the same amount of leaking that i am used to . 
1	i just pull the phone off the mount and place it in the cup holder during calls . 
0	the shell holder pulled the rim edges off the bottom of the shell casing . 
1	i didn t realize what i was getting for what i paid . 
0	the hoverbikes are actually good ,  but have little firepower and are quickly destroyed . 
1	i love the way the hose just pops out . 
0	if they don t get through ,  you do not . 
1	make sure you get a slow bur grinder that will grind fine expresso grind . 
0	what s really sad about reservoir dogs is how quickly boring the game gets . 
1	they re very sturdy and the handles are shaped so that they re easy to handle . 
0	spend a little more and get a swiss army knife . 
1	doesn t have an earbud that sits in my ear . 
0	i would not reccomend this product ,  at least not for yorkie terriers . 
1	i have also used these containers with the bag inside and without the bag . 
0	i have a more bottom heavy conical breast shape . 
1	i m a smoker ,  who doesn t like smoking in my home . 
0	this battery is almost as ineffective as my original . 
1	they will build brown gunk over time even on nonstick surfaces . 
0	these sox are warm ,  very well vented and have a good grip on hardwood floors . 
1	i paid $ for a casemate case for my num_extend num_extend years ago . 
0	you gain a new look after every num_num levels . 
1	it s also very versatile in that it does rice and meats  shrimp is particularly good in this unit  . 
0	fortunately ,  i ordered from amazon  and not a third party  ,  so returning an item is easy . 
1	i would recommend this product to replace or have an additional wall charger for your xoom . 
0	now i can listen to my comcast music choice and cds thru out my home . 
1	it is a simple case that does exactly what i want it to do . 
0	much to my devastation ,  the rings barely fit my ring fingers  size num_extend
1	it is very easy to slip under over easy eggs with out breaking them . 
0	the game has an enormous amount of heart container pieces . 
1	but it really helps free up space in the pantry and keep things organized . 
0	for the past several months whenever i open a new bag ,  half the contents have gone bad . 
1	i had one of these on the phone ,  and she managed to knock it around someplace . 
0	i am on my second set ,  the click wheel doesn t work well at all . 
1	bought this to grind down my dog s pills ,  works like a charm . 
0	i threw up a little in my mouth when i realized this did not work . a waste of $ dollars . 
1	i like the idea that it light up doing the charger process . 
0	it s not a problem for me since i like the cleaner look . 
1	i like that the handle has a slide button that locks the lid on . 
0	i used this product consistenly until it was completely gone ,  waiting for the miracle other reviewers said they had . 
1	they are non stick ,  so it feels safe to cook and experiment with new recipes . 
0	i shot three times ,  wrist stung even when braced .  .  .  . good for accuracy out to about num_num feet ,  but that s it . 
1	i got this to replace one of the collapsible kind . 
0	i upgraded the firmware to latest verion num_extend and the probles worsened . 
1	planning to buy one for every room my kids will be in . 
0	try zelda or godfather for a better time . 
1	i looked and looked to find one to fit ,  but it just does not seem to exist any more . 
0	i really hate it when i buy something this inferior . 
1	first of all ,  let me say that i am not a baker . 
0	after megaman num_extend however ,  capcom has been getting sloppy with the series . 
1	i am so glad i bought this item . 
0	my num_num year old is able to take all the pieces apart except num_num and num_extend
1	you do have to check that the drip arm is over the grounds . 
0	for my num_extend old boy they were way too tight and uncomfortable . 
1	bought this for my wife s side of the closet . 
0	i continued to use it and the bumps weren t going way and the itchiness was getting worse . 
1	i frequently recommend this to friends and family . 
0	i ended up selling them to someone else who had much better compatibility and really enjoyed them . 
1	it s so shiny ,  and has such lovely heft . 
0	howdy y all , i bought this before the previous reviewer posted . 
1	it is mostly nonstick ,  and easy to clean ,  and light and small enough to easily store . 
0	and so i could not consistently see the numbers . 
1	i settled on the freedom chair when i could not find a chair that locked into position . 
0	second ,  it makes my skin feel greasy ,  and rendered my concealer and foundation completely useless . 
1	i was so glad to find these and at a reasonable price . 
0	winston doesn t care as he likes all sizes but he goes through the thin ones too quickly . 
1	very ergonomic ,  easily dishwashable and just perfect fit !  . 
0	and it is very hard to keep them all in their intended places . 
1	this order is my third for this correct brand . 
0	the earphones are fine ,  but they create too much pressure physically on the skull  ears  . 
1	i am very pleased with my purchase and know this product will be a part of my kitchen forever . 
0	it includes twice as many carbohydrates num_extend as protein and a whopping num_num calories . 
1	they are like old mason jars which i like . 
0	otherwise just watch and observe your cats closely ,  don t rely on miracles . 
1	this is easy to clean too ,  especially with the handy plastic cleaning tool . 
0	this product was not usable or even helpful . 
1	have used it once to clean about num_num sq . 
0	this bluetooth didn t stay on my ear ,  the bud was twisted wouldn t fit in my ear . 
1	the lids are snug and i can see what s in my fridge . 
0	i didn t want to hear all the gay talk . 
1	my clever husband got me this electric one for christmas . 
0	the other one seems to be fine but considering how loose it is i never really trust it . 
1	i run it all day ,  usually at the lowest setting ,  but turn it on high when i leave . 
0	sorry but i did use it every night like it said and did not see a difference at all . 
1	it looks just like it s pictured on the product page . 
0	seemed like a convenient idea ,  and an environmentally smart one . 
1	so i was so exited to open it up and test it out . 
0	after reading the reviews i was convinced this blender was the best for the money . 
1	the tray fits on the smaller tray of the grinder attachment . 
0	it dawned on me my old dance tights dont have that line . 
1	i got tired of my earphone cords getting in the way of my workout . 
0	unfortunately the screen is unreadable with this cable hooked up . 
1	the crust of the pizza on the cast iron always turns out better ,  crisper . 
0	the game almost feels like no challenge at all . 
1	i had my coffeemaker about three years when it started being temperamental about following through with my commands . 
0	i will not use the other colors as they simply do not have enough resistance . 
1	try it with some weaver s coffee sold here on amazon ,  it s a match made in heaven . 
0	i find the product a little bit greasy . 
1	i must have my coffee in the morning ,  and this mug is ideal . 
0	once the problem crops up ,  it persists and worsens . 
1	i had ordered num_num of these molds ,  num_num for me ,  num_num for a gift . 
0	so i was thinking ,  ok ,  they can t all be this small . 
1	the best part is the length of the microusb cable . 
0	i bought this conditioner because i always see it paired with the nexxus therappe shampoo  a terrific shampoo  . 
1	it does take quite a while to grind enough for a pot of coffee but i actually like that . 
0	the earhook is so flimsy that it came apart in the first num_num minutes . 
1	i ve never actually bought a good knife before ,  just had knives from relatives . 
0	this is actually the best temple in the game . 
1	love the versatility of being able to stack jars on top of each other to process . 
0	however ,  for $ i expect more out of my player . 
1	regular plastic funnels don t have a handle ,  just a flap to hold on to . 
0	aromaweb gives some great suggestions and tips on where to buy the right oils . 
1	it makes a very nice set for a party . 
0	sadly ,  not worth it if there is a chance you will get one like this . 
1	however i can just say buy it ,  you will not be dissapointed . 
0	amazon won t return or exchange since it s over a month old . 
1	she can now make calls and the battery last much longer . 
0	use the whole bottle within a few weeks but i did not notice any difference in how i felt . 
1	i use it in the droid num_num and it works great !  . 
0	so stop waistiong your money and spend it on something else . 
1	we have had this grinder for about num_num years now and we love it . 
0	can hear instruments ,  vocals and little nuances i never knew existed in music that i ve listened to for years . 
1	as i noted ,  these are petty concerns and i ll get over it ! my mr . 
0	the car charger only worked for a very short time and stopped working . 
1	i ve bought all sorts of manual can openers and they re always disappointing . 
0	historically ,  my family has had great success with frontline . 
1	even the then the dustbin stayed in saving me a real headache . 
0	my num_num year old altec lansing speakers are starting to let go . 
1	the instructions are complete and easy to follow . 
0	i have recently moved to grill stones that work a lots better . 
1	if you re buying silicone spatulas ,  you must buy the  all num_num piece  utensils . 
0	i don t think i ve ever thought so low of a toy before . 
1	i had a blue version of this and she like it so i got her the pink one . 
0	if you want a pair of num_num locks for the arm assembly this an extra $ item . 
1	enough room for two to four pieces of meat or meat and veggies . 
0	i took as directed ,  including watching what i eat . 
1	but decided to buy another num_num qt mixer to retire my num_extend qt . 
0	one came broken ,  and the other one didn t fit my iphone num_num as publicized . 
1	the rubber knobs are annoying since the galaxy nexus  bezel is so narrow on the sides . 
0	not a good idea and it was not even warm outside . you get what you pay for . 
1	don t care if it breaks i have a ton of them . 
0	imagine soup carries a large line of soup bases ,  including a potato flavor . 
1	they have a great seal and they have never spilled on me . 
0	i put this on before i went for my daily walk at lunch and i got burned slightly . 
1	also the material has a good feel to it . 
0	this was a total waste of time and i returned them for a refund . 
1	i can access all buttons in a normal fashion without any issues . 
0	the netgear started to drop the signal more often ,  which required restarting . 
1	i needed something for my twins to brush their teeth . 
0	i would describe the flavor as sweet sweat . 
1	seems well built and i am looking forward to using it . 
0	thought that they would have lasted longer than the month i have had them . 
1	put under tap or in glass of clean water and turn it on for a few seconds . 
0	rent this one first to see if your love of spyro is enough to overcome those obstacles . 
1	i also like it for melting cheese on toast . 
0	that was smart design ,  they are handy but not in the way . 
1	i never put in the dishwasher ,  despite it saying dishwasher safe . 
0	it works great wired but wireless range is terrible . 
1	cuisinart has always been a favorite brand of mine . 
0	i have tossed the remainder of mine ,  and suggest you choose a different brand . 
1	i wash it right away after every use . 
0	how the user is supposed to utilize it is a mystery so far . 
1	that means there is no energy added to the liquid to keep it warm . 
0	well the product comes with no instruction on how much to add to your water . 
1	this was a christmas gift that went over really big at the time my grand daughter was thirteen . 
0	i was right next to the access point and got no response . 
1	i can t express how pleased i was with the fact that it fit just right and looked amazing . 
0	i want real  quiet .   you may want to check into fans with the shark fins on the blades . 
1	after your phone has % charge ,  it even shuts itself off so it doesn t waste its battery . 
0	i didn t give a size but if it s not adjustable then one size does not fit all . 
1	i am going to look for new wider bamboo baskets however because this pot rocks that much !  . 
0	still ,  you ll lose more than a few lives due to bad camera angles in super mario num_extend
1	this is a heavy well made pan ,  and with the lid makes perfect rice . 
0	the two that i received before christmas were definitely watered down . 
1	basically ,  as soon as i got it i sharpened everything i had . 
0	it was actually difficult to pull my soft loose weave socks onto my feet . 
1	if i ever need to buy another one ,  i am going to stick with the sharp product line . 
0	the lightest touch makes the puppy start singing or talking . 
1	lattes in the morning and have been using a num_num cup glass measuring cup . 
0	cause sega says they were being gender neutral more like they were being politically correct . 
1	but other than that ,  there are no complaints . 
0	it only gives the competition an idea of what not to do . 
1	it is in the directions on the sheet ,  but i could not find in the book . 
0	i love being able to get wide angle shots ,  and i had high hopes for this lens . 
1	what a contrast !  !  so the issue is more than likely the motorola atrix car dock . 
0	totally lost its shape after only a few weeks of use . 
1	they re the perfect size for leftovers and i m so glad i m no longer using plastic containers . 
0	it is obscene how much this costs compared to the jarrow product . 
1	it has great construction with a solid feel . 
0	i spend a lot of money on vitamins each year so i know when i see something that works . 
1	and also pretty old with old tech into it . 
0	this cable is mediocre at best ,  but i cant be certain that all the cables are the same . 
1	i bought one of these last year and love it . 
0	as a sorting toy ,  this isn t one to get . 
1	this ice cream scooper is another example of this and is a nice purchase . 
0	i ve used a variety of eucerin products in the past and have been pleased with them . 
1	the product arrived quicker than expected and works perfectly . 
0	plus it toppled over easily when she would bounce on it . 
1	did i mention you would love it ?  yes !  . 
0	the songs really didn t do anything for us either or make us want to sing along . 
1	this is my fourth cast iron skillet and i couldn t be more pleased . 
0	the new one was not really working right . 
1	it does its job i suppose ,  i gave it to my father because i didnt like it . 
0	the pricing is great with subscribe and save  and even better when they offer the additional % off  . 
1	imho you need something to put your bluetooth into ,  and here it is . 
0	mine didnt take long for the front bar to break . 
1	they shipped on time and arrived in excellent condition . 
0	disappointed ! okay for a prop ,  i guess ,  or a toy but that s about it . 
1	i thought i wouldn t get it until later this week . 
0	they didn t even ask for upc ,  expiration date ,  code number ,  where i bought it ,  nothing . 
1	the pot handles stay cool  the lid handles do not ,  unfortunately  . 
0	these boots are now made in china ,  quality dropped . 
1	however ,  the number and ctrl key on the num_extend is larger by comparison . 
0	ds owners will be very disappointed with the basic sprites ,  horribly dull environments ,  and lackluster attack animation . 
1	the oster blender has a metal base and a metal jar bottom . 
0	but for my purposes with a num_extend it is a brick . 
1	i use it with coarse ground coffee and it pours fine . 
0	impressively ,  it doubled the amount of time it takes her to eat . 
1	the zuchini has to be ripe but not overly num_extend
0	the only advice from linksys was to reflash the firmware for the router . 
1	all in all ,  i have owned some real  clunkers  ,  but very few outstanding models . 
0	i thought about giving them as a gift but decided to return instead . 
1	the blue accent rings make this a classy addition to my counter . 
0	it felt like the bra was num_num sizes too small . 
1	i sometimes place a lot of performance demand on my stainless steel ,  and this set handles it with aplomb . 
0	products are usually a hit or miss with me . 
1	now i view it as a deal . this permanently resides on one side of my double sink . 
0	came with a smashed corner ,  is very lightweight and barely protective ,  only corner clips ,  not side slides . 
1	lesson learned ,  anything frozen must be blended at one time with only a little liquid . 
0	they only provide a generic label to fill out so that you can pay the shipping yourself . 
1	now it works very accurately ,  you can always test it by setting it in ice water or boiling water . 
0	back to my kiehl s ,  lush ,  dermatologica ,  and origins staples . 
1	this stovetop brewer is a great buy for num_num bucks . 
0	i would not recommend this for toddlers under num_extend
1	the lid does rattle a bit ,  but that s fine . 
0	so can the droid be overclocked to this as well ?  most likely . 
1	the design is nice with the ability to bake num_num tacos a time . 
0	i m sure others are very happy with it . 
1	surprisingly loud when operating and doesn t seem to grind coffee fine enough to brew right out of the chamber . 
0	unfortunately i was sick and didn t use this within the time frame to have been able to return it . 
1	it s not magic ,  but it is a good portable cell relay of sorts . 
0	i m returning them today and will be looking for some  real  gloves . 
1	you can also save with a brita and a lexan water bottle . 
0	not a bad taste ,  but i doubt it s anything kids would like that much . 
1	rectangular steel box ,  num_num braces holding the motor  one end only  and a num_num bladed fan . 
0	i often buy bob s red mill .  .  . however ,  this mix is not good at all . 
1	it has a very nice range and it doesn t have the annoying blue flash that my previous headsets had . 
0	so if you are looking for a load size like peter north s this is not the product for you . 
1	we still have a smaller ,  nicer bamboo cutting board that is reserved for fruits and veggies . 
0	unfortunately ,  body slams don t play too much into this game . 
1	use a tool for what it was designed for and you will have no complaints . 
0	for this much money much improvement is expected . 
1	the manual humorously mentions that  your first espresso is probably not very good  . 
0	the camera was covered a bit and the side buttons were almost unusable because the case was so stiff . 
1	so i couldn t tell you if it s louder or quieter . 
0	i think reception quality trumps surround dound in the end . 
1	works great and saves space ,  i stuck it to the exhaust fan apparatus above the stove . 
0	the  ball  that damgles inside for the cats to  play  with ,  with be ripped to shred in seconds . 
1	great match with the skinomi tech skin screen protector . 
0	i feel ,  unfortunately ,  that their products are being released with more and more bugs . 
1	reduce cable clutter with this innovative retractable sync and charge cable . 
0	the phone also  creaks  now when i hold it as the back cover is constantly flexing . 
1	the sound quality is excellent for both making calls and listening to music on your phone . 
0	if i look straight ahead ,  it would be fuzzy . 
1	that has not happened with this one even when the cord is kind of stretched . 
0	they are nice conservative pumps ,  just what i wanted but no go . 
1	but ,  i didn t pay just for the cutter . 
0	unless you want flat head or maybe very very dry hair ,  it might help . 
1	i don t know what the other people here are doing with their num_extend models . 
0	not worth the trouble to send it back but don t buy it . 
1	i had tried the suction mounts and they never worked well . 
0	these were recommended by a vet office because my dog was allergic to raw hide . 
1	this particular set is one of the most elegant in appearance and construction . 
0	it makes for a very unnatural ,  ugly complement to the french white tip . 
1	meat gets a nice sear at the highest setting and veggies ,  rice ,  noodles ,  etc . 
0	saw reviews that said this is an ongoing problem . 
1	after using this product i really can say that my floor is clean . 
0	this was not a problem on the optimus v . 
1	ours was mounted in our attic ,  not on a window . 
0	if you are like me ,  then you think fast food tastes disgusting . 
1	i bought this phone to replace an old one i had . 
0	my num_num lb collie puppy ate the end off in num_num minutes . 
1	always use a sponge or a sponge brush . overall ,  i am very pleased with this purchase . 
0	also drawstring is much smaller ,  more like a shoelace . 
1	it didn t walk around ,  and it was easy to use . 
0	that brought back the heart thumping and my hands would fold into fists as i slept . 
1	found that my bluetooth ear piece was eating up %
0	i just added them to the vitamins i already take . 
1	for a knife that costs less than $ this is a great buy !  . 
0	did not relax my cat neither stoped them from straching my furniture . 
1	beans are ready in num_num minutes ,  meats num_num mnutes tender to th bone . 
0	it ll have to go in our next garage sale . 
1	i love this phone case out of all the cases ive bought this one is my favorite . 
0	i figured i would roll the dice anyway and see for myself . 
1	i have a couple of similar handle mitts and they really work well with cast iron pans . 
0	it contains no soy and has given me no problems whatsoever . 
1	it doesn t take much space in my suitcase . 
0	even with this benefit ,  the levels get redundant !  go here ,  get attacked . 
1	still a great case ! good luck on hunting for the perfect case !  . 
0	bends easily ,  used tool to remove floor plate on magazines . 
1	the utensils are solid pieces of stainless steel . 
0	the linksys routers would not talk to each other or assign ip addresses properly . 
1	it charges quickly and lets you know when its done by changing colors . 
0	sneaking around in the fox headquarters may have been one thing ,  but i wasn t buying this for a num_extend
1	i love using this whisk in stainless steel pots because ,  num_extend
0	update :  april num_extend num_extend  ordered  this drink through the vine program based upon the description  see below  . 
1	my daughter recently purchased the wilton cake lifter . 
0	battery usage is very low as is expected with all ps cameras . 
1	this product is just what i was looking for in a set of whisks . 
0	he will chase the balls when they go flying . 
1	i will recommend it anyone that like their lettuce crisp . 
0	and hopefully will find a proper rca adapter that works . 
1	for me ,  landscape mode is the best orientation for navigating with google nav or waze . 
0	here s the deal ,  the thing is made of aluminum .  .  . just a terrible material to use for a slow cooker . 
1	i put my imac on the desk and there is still room for my accessories . 
0	pulling it up leaves a mark on your dash for a few days . 
1	it just worked so well for what it s designed for ,  phone calls and music . 
0	but ,  no ,  it is just a tiny piece of plastic in an unmarked plastic bag . 
1	what a good deal this salad spinner is . 
0	i was able to use pliers to re attach it but the quality is poor . 
1	hope this helps someone . after one year ,  a small plastic part did break . 
0	cheap plastic ,  doesn t hold adjustments ,  clunky and awkward . 
1	made of rubber ,  so it doesn t slide off the car dash when driving  :   also awesome design . 
0	the pepper overpowered the taste of the cashews . 
1	i needed num_num hours of talk time ,  i m the instructor . 
0	i am still unaware of any two player games they may have gotten to work . 
1	carrots and apples have to be cut up quite a bit . 
0	i ,  being a veteran gamer ,  was left sorely disappointed . 
1	it has a sleek design which i like . 
0	i was particularly interested with hops in the treatment . 
1	the amazonbasics silicone case is certainly adequate to the job of protecting your phone from basic bumps and bruises . 
0	also ,  the polish is thick and apparently old . 
1	try to get it on clearance at local stores . 
0	i purchased the sapphire color ,  in my normal size and it runs quite large in the cup . 
1	i haven t had some of the breakdown issues that some of the other reviewers have had . 
0	the until worked for about num_num months ,  then the eject button on the dvd player stopped working . 
1	i eat a mini bag  or two  every day . 
0	i had one of the original grills that looked like a  toilet seat  . 
1	the usb port is such a wonderful addition ,  you can actually charge num_num phones at the same time !  . 
0	and of all the sugar alcohols ,  maltitol is the absolute worst for producing these symptoms . 
1	who knew ? apart from that ,  it s a very nice mount for my num_extend generation ipod touch . 
0	i had never had that problem with my other otterbox cases or any other cases like it . 
1	even after you press the plunger ,  the water is still extracting oil and flavor from the grind . 
0	i also noted your all too equally balanced pie charts and my questions num_extend
1	i was truly amazed by it . in my opinion ,  though ,  it doesn t work well at all for zesting . 
0	when i get through what i bought i am going back to clinique . 
1	the hose is longer than my other vacuums so it has can reach our stairs . 
0	this greatly increases brewing time because two or three cycles are required to fill the cup . 
1	i have to clean at least once a num_extend
0	bought this for my one year old hoping it would provide some entertainment . 
1	i cannot complain ,  but the charge has gone down somewhat . 
0	doesn t feel like plastic on the outside ,  feels rubberized . 
1	i am very happy with the assortment of shapes in this grouping . 
0	it looks gorgeous except for the issues with the coating . 
1	very happy i got this ,  if you are thinking about buying it .  .  . don t think about it just get it . 
0	in any case ,  i could not get the radio to access stations and had to return it . 
1	in fact ,  it moves so much air ,  that i m getting another fan with a remote for the bedroom . 
0	i was very upset and will not purchase again . 
1	then when the beans are all ground ,  you slide the switch back to turn the unit off . 
0	you spend lots of time running behind cover instead of jumping around and running circles around your opponents . no multiplayer . 
1	i have found it easy to use and the magnet is strong enough to leave it on the refrigerator . 
0	my weekend of dubbing was going much more smoothly . this is one area where you have to pay for quality . 
1	the case color is more like a hot pink and the picture is a little misleading . 
0	pls help make this company fix this issue by sending proofs in and forcing them to refund . 
1	i love the handy storage also if you want to grind more than one pot at a time . 
0	not my favorite and i ll stick to the box version . 
1	i did this before i even bought it . 
0	i wish i could return but for the price ,  the hassle isn t worth it . 
1	it s a great fit and it doesn t add too much bulk . 
0	i think the price ,  $ is too much for this because it looks cheap . 
1	a simple ,  sleek container that fits cotton balls and cotton swabs . 
0	first off ,  i am used to cooking with my no name ,  carbon steel wok . 
1	it is also very easy to remove when you want . 
0	it was okay with fruit ,  but the fruit was way sweeter than the chocolate . 
1	i spent a lot of time reviewing toaster ovens to replace our num_num year old delonghi alfredo one . 
0	i used these for my oral electric toothbrush for over num_num years . 
1	my num_extend one does not get a hot battery ,  but it is slow . 
0	you have to hold the mic button to listen . 
1	i would buy this product again ,  but i suspect it will outlast me !  . 
0	i will stick to the round brush and dryer . 
1	in the end it worked out because what i received was the black one . 
0	they refuse to tell it and don t have organic ingredients . 
1	i am pleased with them and think you will be also . 
0	then the game goes to pause mode and you have to invite your friend to play with you . 
1	thanks to the other reviewers ,  i purchased this wonderful popper . 
0	the lid does fit very well ,  but juice can come out of it as well . 
1	it fits perfectly ,  it gives a fine grasp on the phone and colors it up !  . 
0	but the reason it s still being used is because bpa is essentially an unregulated chemical . 
1	no only protect my galaxy num_extend when it hit the floor but from my dirty hands to . 
0	but my compaint is the same as the first one . 
1	the second time ,  i started the rice cold and cooked at % for the entire num_num minutes; same thing . 
0	recently i notice rust developed around the top part where the tips are coming out . 
1	i have since ordered all the different sizes . 
0	this is not a game to really explore . 
1	i bought it for a galaxy player ,  i know it s for a galaxy s num_extend phone . 
0	these were the worsy water colors we have ever used . 
1	i read some other reviews that this does not get the lettuce super dry . 
0	it actually makes my skin feel greasy and doesn t do what the description says . 
1	otherwise just the middle of the sink about the width of the drain is exposed . 
0	this is just an opinion ,  don t get all hurt . 
1	had mine for several years and it does the job . 
0	that is ,  the menu set is fairly straight forward in operation . 
1	i thought  let me check amazon  and there they were and a good price too !  !  . 
0	this is one of the worst games ever created . 
1	 my phones are controlled via special software so they are not in conflict with each others  . 
0	it crashes way to much to get into . 
1	no plastic taste or smell after first use and dumping of test water . 
0	often the user will find themselves executing commands because they ve accidentally hit one or more of these buttons . 
1	i set it on heavy and went to town . 
0	the buttons are difficult to push ,  but the kickstand is useful . 
1	these are very nice knives ,  solid so no screws or attached handle . 
0	too oily and greasy ,  it made my hair heavy and oily .  .  . i would not recommend it to a friemd . 
1	if you are going to can ,  you need these implements . 
0	i have num_num cats ,  one has been eliminating on one of my family room chairs . 
1	however it does one helluva job protecting the phone . 
0	it tries to improve upon the formula and that certainly isn t the best idea . 
1	it would also be nice to have intermediate size markings on the cups . overall these seem quite good . 
0	i hope jockey can get their act together and start using soft cotton again . 
1	i wanted to make sure is not teflon ,  this type of pot is much safer to cook . 
0	for one ,  the sleeves barely hit my wrists . 
1	it does well sauteing vegetables before i add other things to make a soup or a rice pilaf . 
0	the handles are really fat and don t feel comfortable in the hand . 
1	ok ,  so it doesn t make actual espresso shots that you d pull from a machine . 
0	the product quality is fantastic ,  great ingredients ,  great manufacturing process and overall would be a great product . 
1	since there isn t a photo of this food tray ,  i ll first describe it to you . 
0	i also based my purchase on all the great reviews on this product here . 
1	if you look on youtube there a dozen good videos on sharpening . 
0	not at all ,  not even in the sun . 
1	i purchased this so i don t run out of seltzer . 
0	do your face a favor ,  add few dollars more and buy a better product . 
1	we needed something like this to hold all the vacuum accessories ,  and this is perfect . 
0	so far it has had very light use but shows obvious signs of wear . 
1	i first tried this sheet with nestle dough and they stuck really bad and were flat . 
0	there are no longer enzymes in the product and the flavor has changed . 
1	this weekend i used the crinkle cut blade to slice carrots and it worked beautifully . 
0	i had a orangy blonde hair color after bleaching  originally had dark brown hair  . 
1	it makes measuring so much easier than traditional cups . 
0	it does not clean very well ,  but does the everyday job of picking up dirt . 
1	it s in the back corner of the top rack and doesn t waste much space . 
0	he talks a bit ,  but nothing that engages a toddler . 
1	it cooks the eggs quickly ,  and they turn out the same way every time ,  which is nice . 
0	thought i had found a true powerful android portrait qwerty phone to rely on . 
1	the case offers good protection and really isn t too much bigger than the phone . 
0	but this is not even the worst of the issues . 
1	this is also a  squatty  design ,  shorter and shallower than the other brand . 
0	what i am getting at here is that i am no expert in quality headphones . 
1	also works great on most jar lids up to a large peanut butter jar lid . 
0	and this halted the excruciating pains and began the reversal . 
1	i was feeling guilty for throwing away paper filters each day . 
0	all in all this game requires no brainpower at all ,  no strategy ,  you just basically follow the rails . 
1	everything else went quickly ,  including sport knives . serrated knives that are serrated on one side were sharpened excellently . 
0	i thought that having it so cheap to make at home would be great . 
1	the included recipes also provide different things to try ,  or just stick with the basic great tasting sugar cookie . 
0	i received my target ,  and it looked fantastic . 
1	i had no problems with leaking or any problems at all . 
0	it just did not meet my expectation at all . 
1	my walmart in ne ohio has them for $
0	i was a huge fan of them but this  new  design is not so great . 
1	i wish i could give more than num_num stars to this phone . 
0	i read the reviews and thought for sure i d love it . 
1	the ruler on the bottom is very useful when you are rolling your dough out to a specific size . 
0	this is by far the worst camera i have ever purchased . 
1	only bad thing is ,  they dont fit in the utensil tray in the dishwasher . 
0	it might mysteriously disappear from our puzzle shelf . 
1	paying a little extra for their largest size stand mixer makes a lot of sense . 
0	neither one of my boys were interested in the toy . 
1	the blue is very vibrant ,  and resists smudges and scuffs fairly well . 
0	it is keeping my dogs  teeth much ,  much cleaner . 
1	adds a little bit of bulk but overall great . 
0	i will be returning this case and trying something else . 
1	they brought the pressure cooker back to working order . 
0	i m happy to have found a good use for them . 
1	btw ,  i used to browse with my girl friend s iphone before . 
0	this particular screen protector is only good for a mirror . 
1	would buy again ,  and recommend it to anyone that has to type . 
0	i would love to give this a higher review . 
1	i travel constantly and don t always have time or the ability to access a charging station for my iphone . 
0	i literally tried this num_num times with it working less than num_num percent of the time . 
1	we have cooked many different items in this rotisserie ,  and have had great results each time . 
0	if that s true ,  however ,  they are probably not accurate enough to even need a target like this . 
1	very pleased indeed . i don t know if i ll be able to write num_num words about this item as amazon requires . 
0	they arrived ok but they are not really very sharp . 
1	this makes poaching eggs easy to make !  it also cleans easily . 
0	never used anything else from cleansers to eye cream it was all olay regenerist or prox . 
1	we ve had this coffeemaker for several months now and are very satisfied in every way except for the carafe . 
0	i heated the right amount of water as per its directions and found it extremely strong and bitter . 
1	have bought a hand blender to try out that method . 
0	it really is a shame ,  because my dog really does love them . 
1	i bought one and gave it to my wife . 
0	the case literally soaks up the sweat from your arm and soaks the back of your phone with it . 
1	if you get an incoming call on line num_num you can simply push the power button on the headset . 
0	i got this for my daugther for her . 
1	the controls are on the right ear side . 
0	one of the screw drivers were broken ,  the quality of the tools are grade c . 
1	it only sticks if you forget to stir the food ,  and leave it too long over the heat . 
0	in bright sunlight it is barely visible unless you find some shade . 
1	i would not part with it and no one would ever guess it was reconditioned . 
0	works for now ,  would have rather spent the money on an otterbox . 
1	this is a must ,  lest you break the plastic paddle . 
0	exact order so i m surprised that these are so much longer . 
1	the electric kettles that look like your traditional kettles have always leaked and been dangerous . 
0	if you buy it i hope you get one from a good batch . 
1	i love cooking up a brisket now and then but they have a huge amount of fat on them . 
0	i believe the battery is still good because in it s final day .  .  . it still charged the iphone . 
1	the picture does this little guy no justice . 
0	not so honest !  !  this drink tasted great until i read the ingredients . 
1	it s dishwasher safe and looks so pretty on the table with my white dishes . 
0	the  female  end of the hose is like any other hose . 
1	specifically ,  i ve tested it with the iphone num_extend a macpro and a macbook pro . 
0	i purchased this item because i was buying a new battery for my samsung galaxy note num_extend
1	i used that one for years and just decided to upgrade to more grill space . 
0	it lasted for decades and after they passed ,  went to one of my aunts or uncle . 
1	i also have the smaller nesting bowls that came as a set ,  and i use them all the time . 
0	we cleaned out the container each day and used vinegar to clean the heating element . 
1	however i do hand rinse the kneading blade since it has a rubber gasket on the bottom . 
0	this case is cute ,  and i was in love with it . 
1	he dropped it from about counter height ,  and it shattered . 
0	someone once told me that the key to business success was always to know what the chikens are eating . 
1	dollar for dollar cheaper to use than kerosene . lights quickly and the heat is instant . 
0	so ,  moving aside ,  we drug this thing out and guess what ?  it worked for a little bit then quit . 
1	overall ,  a very good set of spoons ,  and another quality oxo product . 
0	a recurring problem when reading the product descriptions . 
1	it was very heavy and the color is perfect . 
0	do not buy this if you re thinking of blending anything frozen . 
1	i once broke a wooden spoon stirring something  it may have been cookie mix ,  i don t remember  . 
0	i have long ,  thick hair that has a very slight wave to it . 
1	these style num_num hepa filters are made to the brissell design specs . 
0	it was actually somewhat hard to continue shampooing the carpet while breathing in this odor . 
1	i ve worked it so i can get some with one hand ,  but i m sure having long ,  nimble fingers helps . 
0	guess i get to make all new backups now . 
1	you have to move it a little bit to the side to make it fit . 
0	i put this on a blister on the side ,  not the actual back of my heel . 
1	i must add however ,  that i have intentions of owning one nontheless . 
0	if they were set on a counter too hard they would crack and break . 
1	awesome product ,  use it with my iphone num_num all the time for running . 
0	trying to rotate the filter is a trick . 
1	about as long as i have had my iphone num_extend
0	showed it took % then when used the next morning it was empty . 
1	the pocket on the outside is a nice way to store accessories too . 
0	nice concept ,  crappy delivery .  .  . if your interested in a game like this ,  i reccomend grand theft auto num_extend
1	otherwise ,  all electronics and other parts were still in functional condition . 
0	we are debating whether to purchase a different brand instead . 
1	after using my new kuhn rikon epicurean garlic press which was a gift ,  i bought several for my girls . 
0	it s so much more fun ,  and the dough itself is sooo cheap . this product is pretty much pointless . 
1	it was a bit tight at first but after one or two removals it worked great . 
0	my life was perfect . that is ,  they were perfect . 
1	however ,  we hardly ever use this feature as it doesn t seem to do anything worthwhile . 
0	cannot give a good rating on this one . 
1	if you want  the perfact juicer  then be ready to spend upward of $
0	i ve even tried coating them with their favorite vitamins . 
1	i have been using this for about num_num months . 
0	if you want a good stratigy game ,  get strongholed or age of empires . 
1	what more could a girl ask for for her headphones ?  . 
0	i m not exactly a small guy ,  but certainly not obese either  i ordered num_extend
1	i bought two of these for company staying the week of thanksgiving . 
0	the defect in my phone had nothing to do with these steps . 
1	sometimes i ll even fit my water jug or soft drink in it . 
0	in three hours ,  the control element has dropped the signal at least ten times . 
1	when my friend answered ,  he came through loud and clear on my end . 
0	it gets really hot and burned a towel ,  i guess i need to keep searching . 
1	it is great quality and ,  with the exception of the enameled line ,  it is made in the u . s . a . 
0	drivers are unfriendly and tend to throw packages on the ground . 
1	i wasn t sure of the high gloss shine at first but it has grown on me . 
0	this almost redeemed the entire package for me . 
1	i ve owned the breville for about num_num months now and love it . 
0	might be better to let the professional do it . 
1	this farberware poly cutting board set is terrific . 
0	the cover has a tiny lip ,  so it can easily fall out when pouring . 
1	that may seem like a small thing ,  but i had a mr . 
0	i m one of the ones this remedy doesn t work for . 
1	i practically wasted a full can of espresso  illy  while in the learning stage of this simple contraption . 
0	it works just as well as the pharmacy cream did . 
1	this one suits me so much better and i ll just buy the traditional one for my mom . 
0	i wanted something that was made well and didn t care how much thicker it made my phone . 
1	it did take me a couple of tries with some of the good lids though . 
0	the sad part of their whole strategy is they want to charge more for their questionable practices . 
1	at least the break was clean ,  and can be fixed with some superglue ,  and the battery pack still works . 
0	others may find this product to be helpful . 
1	and why not when it s this easy !  pancakes ,  schmancakes . 
0	i can t like them but i wanted to try them out just to see . 
1	i used to have cuisinart water heater and it would take num_num minutes to boil . 
0	maybe mine was defective  i returned it ,  didn t want to waste time trying to get it checked out  . 
1	and it has an attractive look about it . so i can recommend this ,  but it s with one reservation . 
0	i tried it for two night and just gave up on the mask . 
1	this adds a bit of class to the latter . 
0	if that box gets damp or soaked with water ,  it falls apart and you can t light the matches . 
1	heavyweight plastic and last for quite a while . 
0	i wanted to like this as much as many of you . 
1	i use the two shelves for platters and the bottom for taller items . 
0	now ,  bona may work better for hardwood that is not prefinished . 
1	obviously with a higher quality wired headset you re going to get better sound . 
0	since you are only in partial control ,  your character makes unordinary jumps . 
1	i ve used these in restaurants to cut onions ,  tomatoes and zucchinis . 
0	my knees snap and click like a barbie doll ,  still sublux and hurt like crazy ,  sometimes intolerably . 
1	it s good and deep so you can mix a lot in it before it starts to spill over . 
0	there is too much traction to make the ball move much after they swat at it . 
1	for what it is ,  it s on the expensive side . 
0	for all the saturated fat and sugar these bars just aren t good . 
1	i m not an experienced rolling pin person ,  but i love how this feels and handles . 
0	nevertheless ,  i can t recommend any product that only lasts one time . 
1	i love angel food cake and this pan does a wonderful job of baking it . 
0	the suction cup doesn t stick to that included disc either . 
1	the edges good enough and does not come off . 
0	i switched to a liquid i could put in his food . 
1	this is like having a micro mini dish drain for canning lids . 
0	i can t push on it hard enough to get it to dispense the salt . 
1	does exactly what it says it will do  averaging num_num unpopped kernals per num_num quart batch  . 
0	for something with milder weightiness and noticeablity ,  i use the ace wrap with thumb loop . 
1	the neck has a plastic liner which helps the stopper glide in and out yet holds the stopper firmly . 
0	the controls are not responsive ,  making fight sequences tedious . 
1	not but i am ok with num_num working stylus i hope they last ?  . 
0	see the other customer photos for a better idea  i . e .  ,  saggy legs ,  mask askew  . 
1	this is a wonderful little juicer for the price . 
0	for the first time ever ,  he would come to me whimpering in pain . 
1	this case is very cool looking and protects all edges of the phone . 
0	i didn t like it ,  but i wore it once ,  continuously tugging on it to keep it from flashing stomach . 
1	it has a built in screen protector so no need to ever buy new ones and have bubble spots . 
0	i ordered these to do amazing nail art without having to worry about my dominant hand looking like poop . 
1	ours was packed well but apparently some others had this issue so the company may sometimes not pack well . 
0	save your money and buy a better game . 
1	it s a versatile tool not only to create melon balls . 
0	this is actually fun ,  and not the bad part . the bad part is that you really don t do much sluething . 
1	there are only two of us in the family now and i was afraid this would be too big . 
0	unfortunately ,  they do not help my leg cramps at all . 
1	i have used it for both my kindle fire as well as my iphone . 
0	what the full fucntion of this unit was . 
1	i only upgraded to android to be able to watch youtube at work . 
0	i thought it was because of the signal . 
1	i figured for the price i really had nothing to lose . 
0	i put this on my schwinn num_num speed that i have ridden since num_extend
1	popped it into my wife s old phone and charged right up . 
0	they would twist on my head and would not lay flat on my ears . 
1	it sounds like a lot work but it doesn t take num_num seconds . 
0	it did not matter if i used just a little ,  or added more . 
1	normally ,  i would not have ordered the same thing ,  but it did it s job ,  it protected the phone perfectly . 
0	following suggestions made by other purchasers ,  i used the earphone jack rather than the audio output on the tv . 
1	whatever it is ,  it cooks ,  browns ,  and cleans like platinum . 
0	it didn t work in either phone said invalid battery . 
1	great item !  holds pants much better than wire or plastic hangers . 
0	flaw num_extend grinded material gets stuck under the blade . 
1	then ,  power off the device  long press > num_extend and after num_extend power back on  long press> num_extend
0	i sprayed it very heavy with it and she still ignores the spray . 
1	the usb mini port on the side is a power input . 
0	i am so glad when all the color has washed out . 
1	so i made the first move and brought this bad boy out to chop some tomatoes . 
0	either way ,  never again will i have a fountain with a reservoir tank . 
1	i try to use the box for a while but eventually it breaks down or gets wet . 
0	i had to switch to another side that had two round pegs out at the corners . 
1	would like to have another just for herbs . 
0	this was their edge ,  and it made the system sell very well . 
1	doesn t heat the house up in the middle of the summer . 
0	i returned this because it is too oilly ,  and too thick . 
1	happy with my purchase and might get more . 
0	 i subscribe to amazon premium dry dog foods ,  which is both a great bargain and convenience  . 
1	it magnetizes down into an inset section of brown nylon type material . 
0	we actually had to modify the game just so it was playable . 
1	be careful with it and it will not bite you though . 
0	i need to mention that my dog eats everything ,  but he would just ignore this . 
1	it can grind course to very fine coffee . 
0	product arrived in good condition and it was easy to put it on . 
1	it is easy to store because the cord is detachable and can be put inside the kettle . 
0	i m so glad i only bought a sample size . 
1	if i have extra in the bowl i just replug it and it heats up again . 
0	it was a fruity sweet smell but it wasn t working for me . 
1	this handle mitt is a godsend for my hands . 
0	this will definitely be my last time eating these items unless they improve the saltiness ,  grease ,  and toughness . 
1	purchased this for my wife ,  but i have also utilized it on several occasions . 
0	omg all num_num toppled within a  few  weeks . 
1	it holds two big loaves of bread and some hot dog buns for me . 
0	due to the predominantly good reviews and great sangean reputation ,  i expected more from this antenna . 
1	it provides easy cleanup ,  even cooking and looks very nice . 
0	dawgs usa really needs to reconsider this business decision . i would have tried the next size up . 
1	great and amazon had the best price bar none . 
0	the cover ripped after just num_num months ,  in the back section right where my license plate is . 
1	i ,  on the other hand ,  have been very happy to find this ,  proud to own it . 
0	i just received this product today ,  as soon as i turned it on it began clicking constantly while oscillating . 
1	this is important . it doesn t take up much space and works extremely well . 
0	i m not sure why this is called a charging cable ,  it does not work as such . 
1	it also is the same volume in the cups as my previous set . 
0	stainless stell yellow gold actually looks just like brass in real life . 
1	it is solid wood with just right wood feet to lift it off the counter . 
0	i would give this to someone i hated . 
1	i hardly even had to use the included applicator card . 
0	anyways ,  i wish i could get a refund . 
1	i was all prepared for that and even warned my wife ,  but we had a pleasant surprise . 
0	these are not the same hanes you bought num_num years ago . 
1	a previous reviewer mentioned how quickly it works ,  and he s right !  . 
0	i hoped it was a fluke and bought another one . 
1	it s improved the way i drive because i can better keep my eyes on the road . 
0	there is a small rubber o ring on the spout to seal the water in the bottle . 
1	these are definitely difficult to apply but amazing once on correctly . 
0	yes ,  it makes great coffee and looks great ,  as many reviewers have said . 
1	pure ,  plain ,  and simple it works !  it works really well . 
0	return . update :  they seem to have changed the description to exclude my camera . 
1	the charging function ,  as well as the data transfer function both work very well . 
0	if you like the canned cocoa you will not like this . 
1	i have had my kitchenaid num_extend stand mixer since num_num and have never had any problem with it whatsoever . 
0	the one pictured has a larger opening for the food to drop out . 
1	i like this one because you don t have the bottom piece to remove before you grind the pepper . 
0	and i can t imagine that stuff is good for your dogs if you don t catch them in time . 
1	i missed an opportunity to by it as a factory refurbished unit ,  and ended up buying it new here . 
0	i m in the middle of using the bloody mouse after putting in new batteries and it ceases to move . 
1	i purhcased several of these for my kitchen as well as for friends . 
0	one has been ok but the second one would spit out any tape you fed it . 
1	looks even more true to the product as i remember it . 
0	when a cable plugged in ,  the ports lighting up fine . 
1	gotten many people telling me how nice my case is for my phone since i ve gotten this . 
0	i should have returned it ,  but i did not . 
1	and when i use one phone ,  after i finish ,  i can get a call on the other . 
0	however ,  num_num shots into what ended up as a num_extend glass of water seemed a bit much . 
1	they are thin but thick enough to protect the phone but not taking away from having a touch screen . 
0	you will have issues with it collecting dust . 
1	i used it the first week i had it and loved it the first time i used it . 
0	it worked really well in the first vehicle and was very difficult to remove from the window . 
1	but if you do like the taste difference and don t care about more hassles when cleaning ,  try this set . 
0	the head s main problem is the plastic hinge that allows the camera to be rotated into vertical . 
1	these will be nice on long plane trips because they are lightweight and comfortable . 
0	the rubber inside started ripping ,  and the plastic broke off . 
1	i ve had this butter keeper for well over a year ,  and we go through a lot of butter . 
0	in battle ,  out of battle ,  creating crafted items ,  trading ,  or whatever you re doing ,  people are around . 
1	buy one ,  you ll love it ! a few minor tips :  do use fresh ingredients as instructed in the recipe book . 
0	so i really wanted something so i would not always be giving a  free show  . 
1	even with the display dimmed ,  it is too bright to use as a bedside clock . 
0	getting ready to box it up and send it back the same day i received it . 
1	i like these because i can cut any size i need . 
0	the right size one is awful that look like cheap leather . 
1	the dinner size plate is more of a buffet size . 
0	i understand that they were meant to be made out of plastic ,  and bendable . 
1	it would constantly freeze up and battery life was horrible . 
0	where was it when i was in my teens ?  ?  ?  ?  . 
1	i had just remodeled my kitchen and got a brand new black apron style kitchen sink . 
0	i was hoping for a very simple camera that took better than disposable camera quality pictures . 
1	we got this to do korean bbq at home . 
0	i picked this scale because my mother is on meds that reduce her appetite and her thirst . 
1	i feel like my phone is well protected . 
0	i am not afraid of strong ginger flavor . 
1	but ,  the stereo sound for my music is just fantastic . 
0	i m giving the card one star based on the fact that it didn t perform as originally advertised . 
1	so i began looking for electric bbq grills and the george foreman has got to be the best available . 
0	first of all ,  one large can of cleaner didn t even cover an entire num_extend rug . 
1	i have num_num on them right near my cooktop . 
0	the box says it includes purple and red ,  but they are nowhere to be found . 
1	the wilton lifter is excellent for eight inch cakes . 
0	everything was fine until the point i couldn t get into the morgue because my key card didn t work . 
1	no problems at all in setup or operation . the brewer itself is quite substantial and beefy . 
0	i contacted amazon and they immediate sent me another one that does the same thing . 
1	this takes all the air out of the bottle and secures the cork . 
0	it was not exposed to sprinklers or rain within that time span . 
1	i was suprised that you get two batteries plus a charger for the low price . 
0	i usually wear large or xl so i purchased a xl . 
1	the base is weighty enough to keep the glass very stable . 
0	they are very cheaply made and crack and break easily . 
1	i have two of these ,  first one was given to me as a gift . 
0	all of my pets have been on this brand of kibble now for almost num_num years . 
1	our water pressure is very low ,  and eventually the kitchen sink sprayer stopped working completely . 
0	i don t feel super confident in it ,  which is what i was expecting . 
1	all num_num plates stack in the space of num_num of my ceramic set . 
0	the biggest problem was that the crayons were not the same as other crayons . 
1	your skillet will have a deeper hue and glossy sheen that it didn t have when you bought it . 
0	annoyingly so . the materials used on this case feel very cheap . 
1	the case came in before the due date ,  but it did take a while . 
0	i was not impressed ,  but at least i tried . 
1	this was worth what i paid for it . 
0	i am a num_num year old widow ,  handy ,  but i have a bum shoulder . 
1	we really like these on our island counter to put hot pans on . 
0	my finicky daughter ,  who is learning to eat ,  likes it . 
1	the caps are not cheap ,  well made and certain to last with daily use . 
0	for as much as i spent the material was very flimsy . 
1	now i have to get all new chargers ,  travel chargers ,  etc . 
0	in the bottle ,  this nail polish has a gorgeous color . 
1	it was something i found very useful and i miss it . 
0	the toughest part with these gloves is getting them on without tearing the cuffs . 
1	i haven t used the upholstery cleaning ability yet ,  but expect it will be quite respectable ,  too . 
0	with the windows up ,  it works pretty well ,  though . 
1	it s small ,  realy easy to find a place to store it when not in use . 
0	it did this num_num out of the last num_num movies . 
1	just as my measuring spoons get lost ,  so do my measuring cups . 
0	out of necessity i had to make this quick decision . 
1	but last time i hit people head when i talking phone .  .  . i swear i am not deliberately . 
0	you can use it for decoration or display with your other choppers if you want . 
1	this skillet heats fast ,  and is easy to clean if you just let it soak a while . 
0	this one i can t even adjust around the neck to fit any of my larger dogs . 
1	excellent for german knives . well made and the classic and ikon are the num_num top shelf lines . 
0	i can t say that i m crazy about this airbed ,  but it does its job . 
1	you don t have to plug in your phone and wait . 
0	i will keep it short ,  this thing did not work even after i changed the battery . 
1	now i can t even tell there s a screen protector or just screen . 
0	it is good for cleaning makeup brushes .  . or hand wash .  . but for face . 
1	you can tell that they re well made ,  and they are quite comfortable to hold and work with . 
0	as another reviewer said ,  your clothes will end up on the ground . 
1	this is not the cheap plastic piece that came with the ear piece . 
0	i do feel guilty about that but i am sure someone might like this product . 
1	me and other samsung solstice users have no issue with the battery charging . 
0	the overall mechanics seem to be chopped up into a complete mess . 
1	the device charges my devices multiple times with one charge . 
0	the sound is great if there is no other sound around . 
1	if you can t afford the expensive chef s knives ,  this is a nice substitute . 
0	my num_num month old lab pup destroyed thischristmas morning . 
1	they don t bake evenly and leave one portion or another either uncooked or burnt . 
0	in other words ,  the battle system was still based on the grandia engine . 
1	no messy pouring from pot to blender to pot . 
0	maybe something to grow into but for now ,  not worth the money . 
1	i had to put it in the freezer for hours to get it hard enough to eat . 
0	you should be taking medicine that will help you get better ,  not make you  think  you are getting better . 
1	calphalon makes nylon spatulas in three types :  large spatula ,  small spatula ,  and slotted spatula . 
0	i received this and with great excitement proceeded to mount my redfield accelerator to a glock num_extend
1	you can eliminate this problem by cupping your hand over the mic while talking . 
0	the case does little to protect the phone . 
1	her favorite color is purple so it worked out well . 
0	used for num_num days and fishes died during use . 
1	i can use my keyboard and mouse with my tablets with ease now . 
0	the problem is ,  in order to play it ,  you have to use this program called steam . 
1	it puts out lots of air ,  and i feel the noise level is  average  for a fan . 
0	but if you ve got anything up to and including a d cup ,  you probably wouldn t notice it . 
1	hope this helps you decide which otterbox will be best suited for your driod incredible . 
0	manufacturers can say anything they want and the burden of proof is on you  the consumer  . 
1	so far so good ,  whomever invented this needs a hand shake from good ole skeletronis from arkansas . 
0	i was not using anything else; i didn t scrub my face . 
1	very nice quality pan that i can tell will last awhile . 
0	have tried a box of these and no noticeable increase in energy . 
1	also ,  they say num_num cups; i say more like num_extend
0	it tastes like sour orange juice with some carbonation in it . 
1	it comes with everything you would want and the itunes store is great . i like my htc sensation . 
0	seems sturdy ? i will only buy this to spread the misery to another parent . 
1	it is sturdy ,  if the suction plate is properly sealed so it does not move . 
0	there are num_num other people around you who also want the same item ,  and they all don t like you . 
1	she s had no problems with the wire breaking and she uses it on cheddar cheese . 
0	there are multiple songs on here that do not make a lot of sense . 
1	i wish i could leave the thermometer in the mixing bowl while i do other things . 
0	i agree completely with the reviewer that said this eyeliner is basically gorilla glue . it is . 
1	i am replacing all my cheapo stuff with glass . 
0	i must say i m very disappointed in the fact that you can t copy your itunes songs on to it . 
1	this type of protector is easy to apply but it scratches easily ,  unlike wet apply protectors ,  e . g . 
0	i called leapfrog ,  but they no longer make the product and were no help . 
1	for price and overall durability ,  the eco extreme is a keeper . 
0	it would be great if it could stay together . 
1	this was a gift for my little cousins and when she saw it  awesome  was all she said . 
0	i was parked at a truck stop in the cincinnati oh area . 
1	of num_num and am still using it now almost num_num years later . 
0	were these products grouped differently ,  i d be less critical . 
1	now i have control over the content and cost . 
0	the flavor was still there ,  but you do not get the soft squishier mints you would be expecting . 
1	the trigger seems like a good safety feature to me . 
0	i think it will be better when we can stuff it with cheese and play outside . 
1	why pay some hideous price for a knife set when you get the whole deal for a modest price . 
0	as with other sugar alcohols ,  people sensitive to this substance may experience upset stomachs .  and yet . 
1	i ve learned the hard way myself and suspect this might be part of the problem people are having . 
0	i can t believe anyone would sell a product this bad . 
1	i read all the reviews ,  extensively ,  before selecting this juicer . 
0	between the reservoir and the dish itself they hold a large amount of water . 
1	hoping they won some ergonomic awards for it . 
0	the last thing i want is  uncle milton  in my room ,  his moon ,  included . 
1	was not sure would work with our pump but they have been working well now for over a year . 
0	thanks for reading and i hope this helps . tony . 
1	they re great but looking back we should have bought the shun set . 
0	i am an avid fisherman and video gamer so perhaps i am expecting too much . 
1	easy to froth or steam . unfortunately i ve yet to master the darn thing . 
0	you may pay a little more but you ll get real tea that tastes really good . 
1	cake decorating classes in my area are almost nonexistent so i have to be self taught . 
0	although this leads to beautiful scenery ,  it meant the developers couldn t afford to make the game bigger or longer . 
1	make my own almond milk ,  lemon infused water ,  etc . 
0	the plugs however seem to be undersized and not true industry specs . 
1	just one of those things that s a staple in my cupboard and sees a ton of use . 
0	i would recommend the kind that clip behind your ears . 
1	unlike other reviewers here i don t find myself replacing batteries every two weeks ,  i would remember that . 
0	i m going to keep wearing it ,  because i like the way it feels ,  especially when i m lifting weights . 
1	i use it as a spatula ,  for stirring in my wok ,  for gravy ,  pancake batter . 
0	while the concept on this product is great ,  it didn t turn out to be what i expected . 
1	i replaced the previous one i had as i lost it . 
0	dawn dish washing liquid did a better job then this product . 
1	however ,  my son is now the owner ,  as the kids  ruined  it by using nonstick spray on it . 
0	in fact ,  the entire game seems to have been designed without much forethought . 
1	true ,  this gives me my num_num mugs of coffee every morning which is almost always enough . 
0	i m tired of wasting my money on garbage . 
1	nice ! my daughter loves these in her purse ,  too . the uses are practically endless  aspirin ,  gum ,  paper clips ,  skittles  :  highly recommended !  . 
0	ordered three of these a few months ago . 
1	it s easy to put on and it gives the protection as needed . 
0	just dialogue and cg stills that led you to your next repetitive fight . 
1	i have some plastic measuring cups that cracked or broke so i expect this one will last much longer . 
0	another problem is there s no alternativeproduct in the price range . 
1	i wear this all day to listen to music and to take conference calls iphone  . 
0	i think this may work better for super curly hair . 
1	i was very ,  very please when i first saw this spoon rest . 
0	can t believe i used this for so long . 
1	this set is well made and looks nice on the table i would highly recommend this set to anyone . 
0	by the time i returned it and looked for something else i had already healed !  !  . 
1	then record the total time and heat level for the future . 
0	immediately realized i would have to return and was hit with a heavy duty postage return amount . 
1	i never thought i needed this kind of cooking tool . 
0	i dislike how much they strived to make peter parker s face look more like mr . 
1	that said ,  it s fast enough and pretty easy to calibrate using either ice water or boiling water . 
0	it s a bit smaller than i thought ,  but overall it s a decent coloring pad . 
1	i ve used it for voice conversations with my nokia and it performs quite well . 
0	i tried many times in an attempt to fix it ,  but i could not . 
1	i bought these stainless steel popsicle molds and i needed some sticks . 
0	you have to clean it . the worst part is that is smells terrible . 
1	someone knew a good thermos when they found one . 
0	if it does shave any closer i for one could not tell . 
1	there is another version of the salad shooter ,  but with fewer attachments . 
0	i immediately tried the car charger plug and it was not any easier than the ac cord . 
1	i have been married over num_num years and i have never had a bowl like this one . 
0	i like a lot of carbonation and that is something else that i am spoiled with ,  with my sodastream . 
1	they were the best price here ,  and shipping was super fast . 
0	i really like john frieda full repair shampoo and conditionar . 
1	was extremely impressed with not only the service but the quality and the performance of the car charger . 
0	this one is skinny and pointy and hurts the hands when used a lot . 
1	it had the highest rating and the lowest price . 
0	nasty !  the first moment it hit my tongue ,  i felt my lips pucker and my throat constrict . 
1	its cute though  ,  and stylish  ,  and appeals to many so get it . 
0	this little car could have been a great toy . 
1	this  large  corn stick pan makes seven little num_num inch corn cakes . 
0	but my ringing is not real bad ,  perhaps if it was real bad it would improve it . 
1	yup ,  i have a prescription from a real doctor and use it to aid a legit medical disability . 
0	i bought this case because i wanted a rotating case . 
1	last year i got one for my daughter when she decided to clean up her diet . 
0	search the internet; it s a common problem after you ve had them for a while . 
1	easy to use ,  takes the lid right off . 
0	i took this everyday for three months and did not lose one pound . 
1	i really don t think this case could be made any better . 
0	it does stick ,  but i got it all up pretty easily . 
1	we have had them for over a month and they seem to cook evenly and clean up well . 
0	constantly plugged ,  hard to clean ,  messy to use ,  motor gave out quickly . 
1	the owner s manual says the spout was intentionally designed as it was for ease of pouring . 
0	it s probably even more disappointing because you can see the games potential as well . 
1	keeps my phone charged up quick and have not had any problems with it yet !  . 
0	simply put .  .  . earned in blood is identical to the first brothers in arms game . 
1	all i did was press the burgers down and left it there to cook . 
0	i had to push the charger up more and then i leave it alone and it stops charging . 
1	i have a set that i purchased from amazon more than num_num years ago . 
0	other argan oils i have used have no odor; and quickly absorb . 
1	so i think having one of each would be perfect . 
0	i gave up on this one after about num_num hours . 
1	i thought i had everything covered with the num_extend omelette pan . 
0	i would spend the money on something more rigid next time . 
1	gone are the days of carefully applying aluminum foil to pie crust edges as mrs . 
0	don t get this game unless you know what you are going to get . 
1	i was thrilled to get the chance to try out the updated design . 
0	so i though i learned my lesson and bought a size up . 
1	now that i ve received it i ve decided it s worth every penny . 
0	i wish they made better glow sticks cause i would have bought those for more money if available . 
1	the fact that this charger comes with the old motorolla fit is great too . 
0	i can t fit anything in there without using so much force the treat crumbles in my hands . 
1	anything larger than lemons and limes ,  would be too large . 
0	it always happens that his house is the last you look at . 
1	i wish i would have thought of this growing up ,  cooking with cast iron . 
0	plus the tails were so long they kept getting tangled so finally i yanked them off . 
1	i think these are pretty good headphones when compared with an older set of logitech bluetooth headphones . 
0	i m going to give the rest of the cartons to my mom; i hope she likes it !  ewww !  . 
1	really hard vegetables like sweet potatoes are dangerous to do without a protective glove . 
0	instead i went to walgreens to purchase another brand which was on sale . 
1	this is a good charging stand for the playbook . 
0	these are very light weight compared to my first set . 
1	i have been disappointed with the quality and thickness of other plate dividers . 
0	this is how my unit was put out of commission . 
1	i think it is a wonderful buy for the price . 
0	at freeway speeds i have to really concentrate to hear . 
1	be prepared for copious amounts of ingredients because this pan holds alot . 
0	we have had two frogs drown because they were too afraid or incapable of bringing themselves onto the landing . 
1	honestly i d expect most companies to add it as something you can buy for another $ or whatever . 
0	instead of the buffer ,  i used a % cotton terrycloth and some good ol  elbow grease . 
1	these are the perfect answer to that question . 
0	plus ,  the projects num_extend total  are completed in and a short time . 
1	my initial reaction when i opened the shipping box was  where s the handle ?   . 
0	the screen focuses on her bust area and her bottom area . 
1	this completed the circuit to the motor so it would run but bypassed the switches too . 
0	doesn t help bv or yeast infections ,  i actually felt it made my bv worse . 
1	this little number fit the bill quite well . 
0	my big gripe is that these are made with green tomatoes . 
1	the spiked side works great at pushing the garlic out of the holes . 
0	i had to purchase this transmitter ,  as my itrip ,  used for my ipod ,  no longer works for my iphone . 
1	also ,  i don t bother with the timer because i like my coffee ground up fresh . 
0	you want to be able to achieve quality sound using your ipad as the media player . 
1	i bought this percolator to use at our deer cabin as we have no electricity . 
0	she was so uncomfortable that we bought her a new float with a better seat . 
1	he kept telling me to just buy whole pineapples ,  but i could never figure out how to cut them . 
0	i bought some before and they actually helped but these did not . 
1	i had one before but don t know what happened to it .  .  .  .  .  . maybe i gave it away by mistake . 
0	very dull and not able to be sharpened . 
1	it s a good quality yet inexpensive little tool . 
0	i used a $ martha stewart one for years that finally warped and dulled but it did slice tomatoes . 
1	very great for bottling a lot of things at a time . 
0	i really view this toy as a complete waste of my money  :   . 
1	it s a cute case that offers some minimal protection ,  but is mostly just for looks . 
0	num_extend their formula got weak or num_extend i ve developed some sort of resistance to it . 
1	great size for sides and makes a great addition to my large crock pot . 
0	over time your feet can also acquire allergic reactions you may never have had before . 
1	it was simple and the same as it appears on the screen . 
0	string unwinds ,  ears fall off ,  mouse is now a ball of rattling knotted string . 
1	i made mint chocolate chip . i can t wait to make other flavors . 
0	in the movies ,  the actors will make annoying mumbling noises unless you insert a microphone and dub over them . 
1	in specific ,  they too easily slide off of the mount and fall off . 
0	multiplayer on these maps is much ,  much ,  more fun . 
1	just note that i don t think this pot is safe for cooking chili ,  etc . 
0	the first was a cheaper version which i returned . 
1	its plastic but seems like its sturdy and ready to last for a very long time . 
0	so you have to remove the power tip each time . 
1	i ve been using pressure cookers for years ,  and was under the assumption that  size does matter  . 
0	but this one never crashed and was plesently smooth and fast . 
1	it can make popcorn with almost as little as a teaspoon of oil . 
0	i was looking for a new dryer and found this one . 
1	change the gasket material from rubber to nylon like most of the pressure cookers have done . 
0	but overall ,  if i had it to do over again ,  i would choose a different product . 
1	it also makes it easy to remember to unplug it when you are parked for the night . 
0	the sizes refer to the cushion part of the shoe . 
1	this coffee press has been a lifesaver for me . 
0	too much oil on top ,  very hard to mix . 
1	it is the best method for a dying battery to have an extra in your case . 
0	guess this will be my last resort bra once i find some that fit . 
1	i did not use the usb dongle transmitter that comes with the unit ,  so i can t comment . 
0	if you want it off ,  you must lossen the cap . 
1	just can t keep my teenager off it long enough to talk to her . 
0	acai and pomegranate have lots of antioxidants ,  which is the reason i bought it . 
1	pink pink pink super cute matches all of my other accessories to my cell phone . 
0	otherwise ,  if you want to experiment with getting just the right ratio of mix to water ,  have at it . 
1	so i bought this and know mybissell cleanview helix upright vacuum cleaner ,  bagless ,  num_extend great . 
0	it developed an unpleasant smell and doesn t feel like a % formulation . 
1	of water per day is essential to good health . 
0	however ,  i know that as a game it is an  imitation  . 
1	i understand this is a power case not a protective case . 
0	yohimbine can cause fluid retention ,  chest pain and difficulty breathing . 
1	i did not need a smartphone because i have a work phone for that ,  only needed a personal phone . 
0	the pockets are great for organizing one s things . 
1	i don t wait till they cook through to turn . 
0	a new one was to go out num_num day fedex . 
1	how do you cook brown rice ?  not a clue . 
0	just won t stay in for me and are very uncomfortable . 
1	if i had sprint service in the office i m sure the battery would last num_num days at a time . 
0	stay away from this head phone unless you likewasting your money . 
1	guess it will be obsolete for me if i upgrade to the iphone num_extend
0	stupid thing shows your pictures on the folder . 
1	this is product is a outstanding buy and it a good price for my phone . 
0	i ve had a complete loss of connection a few times over the past two months . 
1	being how i m on our num_extend tracfone because my son has sent three others to their deaths . 
0	he missed the sweetness , and wished there was more lemon flavor . we did find a use we liked ,  however . 
1	i use mine quite often ,  both as a griddle and a grill . 
0	i really had high hopes for this product . 
1	they don t grab too much ,  thus preventing food from tearing . 
0	i use it to carry treats and poop bags . 
1	the linear design is great for saving space in my closet . 
0	the head net arrived and i found it to be very short . 
1	i certainly do not feel the need to put it away ,  actually the opposite . 
0	my num_num year old daughter really wanted this so after reading the reviews i ordered it . 
1	i also add myself among those who rate this num_num inch pizza stone at num_num stars . 
0	the case is so small it does not fit the iphone or our vibrant . 
1	the main body has two buttons that you can t see but each end is a hidden button . 
0	only num_num cat can fit in it at any given time and they cannot move around in it . 
1	i don t like the hard plastic ear pieces . nice . 
0	i ve been drinking this tea since the num_extend
1	a+ for simplicity and nice touch on the little status button that tells you how much juice is left . 
0	sure enough ,  i switched to other mascaras and the burning sensation stopped . 
1	you cannot store cold and hot foods together in this . 
0	not in my case ,  holes after putting on five times or so in total . 
1	may get a new battery ,  so be expecting an update on this matter . 
0	the air seems to travel on the outside of the filter before its expelled out of the top . 
1	it is probably almost acceptable if you have a gas stove . 
0	bought num_num of these ,  one for each bike ,  to help discourage chasing dogs . 
1	this pot will do until or if ever that happens . 
0	go a little longer and you have crunchy nut num_extend the lid design is terrible . 
1	i didn t know this product existed until i got on amazon . 
0	we bought two of these based on reviews . 
1	henry ford said you could buy the model t in any color as long as it is black . 
0	i never figured out the trick to this product . 
1	don t wash with soap !  !  !  ! you know the pan s seasoned nicely by the sound your metal spatula makes . 
0	it is like it was made on a copy machine . 
1	i had one of these for making jams and mashed potatoes . 
0	try ,  try again num_extend boxes worth  and it just didn t want to work . 
1	swiss made ,  this knife by forschner is the highest grade you can purchase . 
0	it doesn t add any weight or bulk which is what i was looking for in a case . 
1	as for  ease of use  ,  there is nothing easy about rock salt and num_extend
0	it would take weeks to actually understand the game and how to pull out its full potential . 
1	not good ,  not bad ,  pretty much on par with the other num_num bt headsets i ve owned . 
0	one from  rka wireless  ,  and one from  cell factory outlet  . 
1	i m afraid of marring the beautiful finish and haven t tried anything else . 
0	the one disk that did work was fine ,  recorded very well and had a crisp picture . 
1	we use it all the time for cooking brownies ,  chicken nuggets ,  and of course toast and bagels . 
0	i got it for free and i want my money back . 
1	the harsh detergents used in dishwashers will damage the steel eventually pitting and staining your expensive knives . 
0	thankfully ,  amazon is awesome and will let you return anything with no hassles . 
1	from its feel to its function this unit is fine . 
0	i used frontline plus ever since it came out . 
1	i bought my second set of these measuring cups . 
0	give us virtual reality . you can buy old  classics  through the internet at prices even the mafia daren t ask . 
1	not sure what made me try armorsuit ,  but i m not mad about my decision . 
0	maybe i ll get more dedication to start taking it more ,  but just beware that the taste is nasty . 
1	i have made sorbets and various full and low fat ice creams . 
0	great performance ,  quiet ,  has a glass jaw  if it were a brawler in a back alley  . 
1	the spoon is very easy to clean and i really like the look of the brushed steel . 
0	unfortunately ,  i have now had the exact same experience with three more pairs . 
1	he uses it daily and prefers it over the hand crank kind . 
0	the latest firmware version available from linksys for num_extend num_extend is dated num_extend
1	always bad for others to see when you are trying to show them something . 
0	i can t believe people would ever pay more than $ on this thing . 
1	it is also beautiful  i love the red  and it is durable . 
0	this playhouse has lots of shelves !  !  !  the fireplace has num_num long shelf . 
1	butter can be placed in the top or butter oil can give the flavor . 
0	it seem to snap in place pretty good and didn t want to come apart very easily . 
1	ordered two and was glad i did because my daughter took one . 
0	i would not rely on this as a main mode of boiling or cooking . 
1	 nothing but problems i saw this one on amazon and ordered it . 
0	the only reason for the two stars is because they replaced them after i paid to ship them in . 
1	one thing to note is the case may have a problem with the size of your phone . 
0	the paper is low quality making it very difficult to get even color . 
1	the music skips a little too frequently due to the slow processor  even overclocked  . 
0	people are just stupid ,  and sony knows this ,  so they are cashing in on the stupidity . 
1	nothing more to say about this awesome thermometer  had to get the min word count  :   . 
0	cans of segments arrive and the ingredients list broken segments . 
1	it worked great as a body for my armadillo and rat cakes i make from time to time . 
0	but the menus ,  navigation and overall usefulness is virtually num_extend
1	i own the item myself and love it . 
0	i fiddled around and got things working again ,  or so i thought . 
1	it completely covers the pages of even her biggest cookbooks . 
0	blade is sharp ,  but handle is heavy and a bit unwieldy . 
1	simple product that is designed well ,  works well ,  and ends up saving you money . 
0	i ve gotten a bit tired of mixing flours and wanted to try a quick solution . 
1	mculloch was an american owned company ,  but is now owned by taiwan . 
0	i love these beakers but it does not seam that they are % microwave safe . 
1	i have a wallet card for the other functions ,  but i haven t used any of them . 
0	but ,  it s the curcuminoids that do the healing . 
1	everybody has been thrilled with the ice cream we ve made with it . not cheap but worth it . 
0	it went right into the drawer ,  havent used it and don t plan on it . 
1	the instructions actually tell you to use gourmet popcorn . 
0	then this is the breakfast cereal for you . i think i ve made myself clear . 
1	i have no problem with fruits ,  but too many vegetables usually do unfriendly things to my digestive tract . 
0	i have irregular periods ,  and not sure if i ovulate every month or not . 
1	i then included one suncution cup with each suncatcher in the gift package . 
0	however ,   healthy choice  has yet to learn that trick . 
1	this bluetooth words great but the bottom part of the small screen came up from the device . 
0	who knows how the size difference affects performance . 
1	maybe if the blades were already sharp this wouldn t be such a problem . 
0	the colors are nice ,  but they are very cheaply made . 
1	remarkable how much grease it elinates from your meatloaf . 
0	i didn t add any sugar to it ,  so perhaps the flavor would change a little with some sweetness ?  . 
1	i am not going to try to get it repaired . 
0	i bought my first three years ago when my pup came home having used their harness . 
1	seriously ,  i have tried multiple and gave up . 
0	it looked like they may finally get a superman game right . well ,  not so much . 
1	it is extremely heavy ,  as it s meant to be ,  so it presses the dough down really well . 
0	i think it is not safe as this can be appealing to thieves . 
1	they appeared to be of a medium vice entry quality; num_extend
0	as a few other reviews have said i find the jaws to be a bit weak . 
1	it only comes with one permanently mounted screen ,  but it is perfect for mashed potatoes . 
0	the cup size was fine but the band was far too small . 
1	this one is perfect and fits a stick of butter nicely . 
0	also ,  i am still unsure how to get the analog interface to line up with the actual digital time . 
1	i would caution that being careful is important so the spatula doesn t get bent . 
0	they really like newman s own canned food ,  though . 
1	my daughter usually from my phone from table height to my hardwood floor . 
0	hence i have no idea if the thing is broken or i m just not using it correctly . 
1	you must tie the the chicken up well ,  however . the timer does not exactly stop on zero . 
0	i used it just one day a week at our satellite office . 
1	i was happy with this case with a cool look . 
0	it doesn t blow hard enough though ,  and only has num_num fan speed . 
1	i know this device and using it is as familiar as turning on my blinker in the car . the num_extend
0	until someone comes out with something like that for num_extend i ll stick with the ace combat games . 
1	this isn t a problem that is unique to this product . 
0	surprising for melissa and doug ,  their products are generally impressive ,  but cant say the same about this one . 
1	charging num_extend you have a tab view in both mobile and webtop view . 
0	and easier less thought provking game is what i was looking for . 
1	but it is not meant for any heavy duty chopping . 
0	but we always have access to wifi at home or in the office . 
1	the lid goes on securely ,  the pyrex is strong ,  and already microwave tested . 
0	i have still managed to have some fun so i gave it a very generous num_extend
1	i have been using this product for the last num_num or num_num years . 
0	sequels aren t usually as good as the originals . 
1	i find myself peeling in amazement at the ease even gnarly veggies can present . 
0	really ,  the  facts  are so obscure that it is truly just a guessing game . 
1	and ,  as always ,  amazon handled my order and the shipping quickly and efficiently . 
0	still ,  the price is low so i can t complain too much . 
1	we use this practically every other day and have had it for what seems like ages . 
0	i just didn t like the control at all . 
1	now i ll have apples all winter long and not have to buy them again . 
0	levels occasionally pit your character against enemies that you re forced to fight to move on . 
1	it is great for soups ,  deep frying ,  baking potatoes ,  etc . 
0	the bottom line is that this is just useless . 
1	i stopped putting it in the dishwasher and it never leaks now ,  but just something to think about . 
0	something is wrong with the design cause beard trimming with these guys was not fun . 
1	and took a lot less time for it to charge my phone from % to %
0	the previously mention saw that costs half what this one does ,  cuts easily num_num times better than this one . 
1	after much research ,  i tried the num_extend mini . 
0	my num_extend havanese does not give this bone any attention . 
1	this is rated a consumer report best buy . 
0	the shoe description does not say synthetic when you are viewing the item at the time of initial purchase . 
1	  .  .  .   they usually show up above in sponsored links . my bodum filters have not lasted a year . 
0	it was very difficult to undo and fasten . 
1	just pull it up and out with your fingers and scrape it off . 
0	now try to hit w ,  number pad num_num and move your mouse at the same time . 
1	i can surf using my dolfphin browser via thre mobile view or use the full firefox browser to surf . 
0	leveling up solo is your only other option and that takes a tremendously long time to do . so . 
1	once a year i have professionals come clean all my carpet . 
0	as a gardener ,  i m familiar with deer off . 
1	but even after everyday use you should only have to do that once a week . 
0	save your money for good games like smash bros ,  resident evil series ,  mario sunshine ,  something good . 
1	my first one was the blue colored plastic one . 
0	sadly ,  these did not work for me ,  or if they did ,  just a small amount . 
1	smaller ,  and works just as well as the larger one . 
0	it is very bland and not as sweet as once again which has no sugar added . 
1	high quality and exactly as advertised at a reasonable price . 
0	i love everything about it ,  except that it really doesn t work and their service is terrible . 
1	i reccommended this to my broker and now it is used quite often . 
0	it wouldn t work for me which could of been a defective scanner . 
1	it adds a little weight ,  not really a significant amount . 
0	we are homeschoolers and have big problems with focus . 
1	i use it daily to brew a chicory and toasted dandelion root beverage . 
0	now ,  he is not in direct sunlight so that s not what s heating him up . 
1	i purchased these racks almost two years ago and use them frequently . 
0	i did love the gps with google maps on the num_extend the media player was fine . 
1	you do not need charcoal ,  and it cooks quickly . 
0	i prefer the coconut and nut based bars; chocolate always tastes a bit like chemicals . 
1	i did break a few from the first set from stacking them  i . e . 
0	finally got on the treadmill and  calibrated  it to be accurate . 
1	i ordered this because my son s original cord was no good . 
0	it plays ,  but without a display it s next to useless . 
1	it is made in china and of apparently poor quality . 
0	details . anywho ,  i must say ,  i have never had so much aggravation and pain from playing a game . 
1	it arrived in time and made it less work as it was already colored . 
0	if they are good enough for our military ,  they re good enough for you . 
1	it is light ,  has a great grip ,  looks excellent and everything on the phone is easily accessible . 
0	i don t want him to eat the broken pieces and the rubber that is flaking off . 
1	they are perfect for our num_num person household . 
0	as soon as that happens ,  as you know if you are a dog owner ,  the squeakers come out next . 
1	i ended up choosing the easypak due to it s price and functionality for the set price . 
0	google luggage theft bangkok to find that news article . 
1	regardless ,  the wires stayed connected and the second still works fine . 
0	i bought this router and a netgear wireless pcmcia card . 
1	it s lasted a good long while for me as well . 
0	i m a little concerned that it may have been tampered with . 
1	the sides of the skin flap around when picking up the phone . 
0	the end result was that it quit working . 
1	i was weary about this but so far it has lived up to expectations . 
0	i found that it does not shave as closely or as evenly as previous electric shavers i ve used . 
1	it s slightly larger than the ladle it replaced and needs to be stored in a utensil crock . 
0	it says num_extend cm  on the site ,  on the box and even on the ball itself . 
1	i was looking for a big mouth jar to make s batch lemoncello ,  so far so good . 
0	perhaps the blueberry brown sugar or raspberry chocolate varieties are better options . 
1	the fast speed does a great job for finely pureeing my sauces or soups . 
0	once attached ,  the wheels do roll nicely so you can move it around . 
1	unlike some other brands reviewed ,  i ve had no problems with spilling ,  leaking ,  or other nasty operation . 
0	but for $ bucks ,  there is not much to complain about . 
1	if this is something you are looking for ,  go for it . 
0	after using them on the computer to copy videos . 
1	showed it to a coworker they were impressed . 
0	for the old sizing ,  i own no pairs of crocs but have tried many models . 
1	doing num_num at a time is nice ,  for me that s about the right speed . 
0	you will not be able to kill the police or evade them . 
1	good quality ,  should have bought a larger one . 
0	i bought this for my home and did not realize how big it was . 
1	this one does have one more blade than mine . 
0	further more ,  even though i enjoy an easy ,  fairly quick game ,  auf takes both of those to extremes . 
1	i just received this steamer a few days ago and have already used it numerous times . 
0	apparently the heat is too hot at the bottom of the unit and breaks the plastic . 
1	a really great product that can be used on the cooktop ,  or the oven ,  or even in the barbecue . 
0	she said they would be perfect to put her stockings in to wash them . 
1	the time between soft serve stage num_extend minutes  and ripened ice cream is about num_extend hours . 
0	i didn t even try to plug it in . 
1	perfect for serving things out of trays  like prepared foods from costco  or from pyrex or metal pans . 
0	they literally ate holes  the bones ,  not the dogs !   in the material . 
1	i ordered this to replace my mother s dead one . 
0	it kind of rips your skin ,  even when it s wet . 
1	the two liners  one for veggies ,  one for pasta  make it extremely useful . 
0	the right ear broke after num_num months with light use . 
1	this is the only reason i went with the bonjour . 
0	if you have it adjusted incorrectly at all it will not pick up anything . 
1	it has held up through being stuffed in my boyfriends pocket each day . 
0	also several story arcs are never completed and some just make no sense . 
1	hand washing doesn t always get them totally clean . 
0	is probably good for some people ,  bit it did not work at all for me . 
1	in use now for over num_num months ,  this productdoes a great job . 
0	so ,  if you need to absorb a lot of liquid ,  use a different underpad . 
1	 for a yummy low calorie choice ,  spray it with i can t believe it s not butter spray .   . 
0	whose recipe is this ?  save your money get something worth having . 
1	on high ,  it is almost as loud as a vacuum cleaner . 
0	purchased the pouch for the galaxy note ii . 
1	there are smaller whisks that get closer to the edges . 
0	this hat is cute ,  but it runs small . 
1	i went with the num_extend size based on the comments that said the num_extend wasn t really num_extend but smaller . 
0	increadibly easy to just lockup and be helpless . 
1	it is rather heavy ,  and it can extend or collapse back to a shorter length . 
0	and this game is even worse than that . 
1	my husband and i bought this to replace and old worn out popper ,  and we love this new one . 
0	i remember loving my sit and spin when i was a kid . 
1	but i can t complain too much since voice dialing is problematic in itself . 
0	he felt very proud and like a real big boy for a little while . 
1	i tried everything i knew to do and then some . 
0	first of all these things are supposed to be three feet ,  they are . 
1	the clip is large and plastic ,  it accommodates a very large belt and is relatively flexible . 
0	sadly ,  after less than a half hour ,  she has torn the foot off . 
1	the touch buttons are a breeze to operate . 
0	apparently i m exactly the sort of person that gearbox hates . 
1	it fits in my hand well and it doesn t slip at all . 
0	the barrel filled with water in the dishwasher and took quite a while to dry out . 
1	look at the specs for your phone and give it a try . the microphone will capture sound just fine . 
0	let someone else show what they can do for a while like sega . 
1	the nonstick surface works well and is easy to clean . 
0	i heard that it had incredible scaling effects ,  but i never expected this . 
1	you just pull it out and sponge it off . 
0	double edged blades won t last that long but are so much cheaper that the cost savings is still significant . 
1	it has changed my life ,  y all . i took the advice of many offered here and purchased extra cleaning pads . 
0	lucky i had saltines to try this product on but it is not my thing . 
1	the one on the counter looks really cute and saves space . 
0	in the spring small squirrels abound near my bird feeders ,  but this trap hasn t caught any . 
1	best of all i now use it constantly for making my tea . 
0	a major disappointment . in conclusion :  a good bubbler with a huge caveat . 
1	they clean up in a snap in hot sudsy water . 
0	it took a bit to get the cover on and in the process more stones came off . 
1	this bluetooth works greatit is better than my last one because the volume is higher . 
0	now ,  at this late date ,  i ve found the exact right one . 
1	they are tinier than pictured ,  about the size of a fingernail ,  but very strong . 
0	after it slams in to the concrete a few times the guage no longer is accurate ,  no surprise . 
1	if i was buying a case i would have never selected this one . 
0	and like has been said ,  it won t work at all unless applied to perfectly clean skin ,  i . e . 
1	i ve had these and the incase and have found these to fit the best . 
0	didn t work on my blackbery ,  i guess it only works for mono rather than stereo . 
1	i don t mind that since it s a manufacturing difference . 
0	don t waste your moneythese are not multi coated ,  i doubt they re even single coated . 
1	i figured that even if it did not work ,  under $ was worth the risk . 
0	my husband has been using this product for a year on his fungus toe . 
1	there is no other like it and i ve tried many . 
0	  .  .  .  the kids were really excited about this toy . 
1	i accidentally scratched one of the protectors when taking them out of the envelope . 
0	tamron says i should send it to them for a check up . 
1	 :  it s very classic and comes with straws that so far have lasted us a few months . 
0	i reboxed the case with the intention of mailing it back to amazon . 
1	this case is awesome !  and gets tons of attention . 
0	needle is big  heh ,  heh .  .  .  where are you ,  little kitties ?    . 
1	i found that even using the num_extend to make a call ,  it was a major distraction . 
0	nothing spectacular one way or the other about them . 
1	however ,  i haven t seen any crystal clear  as apposed to the matte finish  screen protectors that truly are oleophobic . 
0	i was disappointed since i thought it would be stronger . 
1	it s a simple piece of plastic ,  but it works well . 
0	a fly ball to the warning track had my roommate settling under the ball . 
1	i actually loved the headphones that come with it ,  and i am using them separately for other purposes . 
0	base response good ,  ok product ,  but not for me . 
1	however ,  when is put in a pocket or briefcase ,  it seems to bump on very easy . 
0	i could have gotten a lot cheaper set but wanted quality . 
1	it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives . 
0	the lever focus would be really nice for finer focusing after you have zeroed in on the subject . 
1	those screen protectors fit our htc evo phones perfectly . 
0	consumer reports gave this a good endorsement but the user reviews on that site were less than sterling . 
1	it requires taking the droid x out of its case to initiate a call . 
0	relacing the battery would be cool if it was hot swappable . 
1	it s nothing fancy but the quality is good for the price i paid for it . 
0	it popped off and sometimes the phone didn t work with this case on . 
1	i can t imagine just wiping it out after use . 
0	i can honestly say that of the num_extend of pictures i took with it ,  not one was a keeper . 
1	i should mention the fast shipping as well . 
0	i had some blankets which kept me warm until morning when someone came by . 
1	my wife and i decided we wanted to make our own pasta . 
0	i was hoping the steam would soften and remove the debris . 
1	i am glad i found replacement water filter here . 
0	has num_num bungee type cords on it when closed which i really like . 
1	i couldn t find a reasonably priced external charger until this one . 
0	i initially bot the big boys at $ each . 
1	i love my pyrex and use it all the time . 
0	but ,  you can see clips from the return of the king movie mixed in with the game . 
1	i had a similar one previously and after i moved i bought another one . 
0	and to make it all worse ,  i have to pay the return shipping for these worthless batteries and charger . 
1	this spatula is well made ,  like all rubbermaid commercial products . 
0	i drive with my lights on all the time so that had a lot to do with it . 
1	using the small pan the outer ring doesn t heat up . 
0	it makes the most godawful noises ,  which intrigued my lab but terrorized my yorkie ,  starting a barkfest . 
1	everything comes out beautifully and looks almost to pretty to eat . 
0	at first i was really put off by this but i think it s manageable . 
1	i have a bunch of their spatulas and they get lots of use . 
0	i will probably have to epoxy the brush to the body to keep it in place . 
1	there are so many colors to choose from and they all match together . 
0	it creeps up and up ,  like it s trying to escape . 
1	i m quite pleased with the perfomance of this juicer; wasn t sure what to expect with its reasonable price . 
0	i had a waterpik years ago and it had variable speeds and plenty of pressure if you wanted it . 
1	i purchased this fan to replace a fan i had on my kitchen window for over num_num years . 
0	if i could give these traps num_extend i would because that is how many moths they caught . 
1	there are units with a few more bells and whistles that inform you of more things . 
0	i would have returned this thing but it was cheap enough that it wasn t worth the hassle . 
1	does everything you would need in measuring food acurrately . 
0	i have to constantly reattach the tracks on top and bottom . 
1	this has no hint of peeling off anytime soon and is still clear . 
0	i can do organic ,  i usually prefer it . 
1	i use it about num_num times a week and so far so good . 
0	but the first sip was nothing more than hot water . 
1	the moment you uncork a wine ,  the wine begins to change because of its contact with air . 
0	i can eat one if i have a good sixteen ounce drink to help flush it down . 
1	so it has multiple uses for it ,  which is great . 
0	although a genuine cross over ,  the focus is largely on the  battletoads  franchise . 
1	great price and the product looks like the picture . 
0	this is some pretty chunky coconut and i don t care for it . 
1	works like a charm every time and is a snap to clean !  . 
0	this product did not work for me and was an utter disappointment . 
1	after six weeks of this treatment ,  the markings show no sign of wear whatsoever . 
0	i should make one thing clear before i kick off this review :  i do not like mmorpgs . 
1	the power button tab on the new back piece isn t good . 
0	i guess that i won t be buying it again . 
1	i was not sure that this could be worth the price reduction . 
0	the smell is great ,  but i just couldn t drink it again . 
1	then i finally bought this one ,  and it works great . 
0	i have been a huge netgear fan in the past ,  but . 
1	the screen and speaker are better than any other mobile device num_extend emaill . 
0	deceptive !  !  can t somebody make a soup cup with no msg that doesn t taste like cardboard ?  ?  ?  . 
1	after a while ,  they just don t hold a charge anymore . 
0	the cart tips over easily and is not durable at all . 
1	we bought the cuisinart because it was the best value at amazon . 
0	i have suffered from chronic severe migraines for num_num years . 
1	if they did ,  depending on how long before then ,  i d probably get them again since they re so cheap . 
0	i am disappointed in these as they fit small and are not comfortable . 
1	before purchasing this coffee maker ,  i read many reviews . 
0	try out christie in tekken num_num for example . 
1	verizon navigator is very poor and is expensive . 
0	this sandal is not good for every day wear but good enough for a shower shoe at the gym . 
1	no complaints and will buy more when needed . 
0	sometime around num_num pantene did a formula change . 
1	it holds all our knives and i like the steak knife slots . 
0	i bought this game because i kept hearing about all the  added content  and  improved graphics  . 
1	will definitely buy another if i have to . 
0	it will charge my tablet ,  but not my phone . 
1	it s nice but not double the price nice . 
0	actually ,  i think it s both of those reasons . 
1	so ,  that was the deal breaker for me on this headset . 
0	and i m not able to shoot any people that are standing close to me . 
1	it works with sugar in the raw  bigger crystals  .  .  . steady ,  unobstructed pour each time . 
0	if you want to lose the fat ,  start from the inside out . 
1	love them and are much cheaper if purchased on amazon  :    . 
0	i know it was cheap and cheap is what you get here . 
1	very different than just a clear screen protector . 
0	bought this along with the griffin auto charger . 
1	really like the way the opener locks when you have it placed correctly on the can . 
0	it s enormous !  i had no idea how big this thing would be . 
1	i picked this up after buying a lodge cast iron skillet that i immediately fell in love with . 
0	i like to go back to the coffee pot and get a refill during a sunday morning . 
1	just throw the container and blade in the dishwasher ,  clean up is minimal . 
0	accidentally dropped this ,  about num_num feet ,  and the clip broke off . 
1	when you pour it can be a problem if you have filled it all the way up . 
0	the best thing about it is the tardis skin that i have put on it . 
1	it is sturdy and protects the phone well . 
0	the pack says dry roasted almonds so i figured it would contain just that with a little salt . 
1	i ve had the zo for about num_num weeks and i have used it several times already . 
0	i found it to be a little too pricey for the size . 
1	i will certainly buy the anker brand again !  . 
0	the keyboard is illuminated but not the keys most used :  num_extend
1	while i figured i d never use this feature ,  i have twice already . 
0	when i saw that amazon carried it ,  i was thrilled . 
1	this is the second time i have bought one of these because i accidentally left mine when i moved . 
0	instead of resting in the cup when it is taken apart , it stays on the motor side . 
1	as a primary vac i would give it only one star . 
0	there was even one long scratch on one side . 
1	finally ,  the cups  design has a stable bottom ,  so no worrying about tipping . 
0	how amazing ,  the seller will not provide the proper images of the product after complaint . 
1	since it goes over the sink ,  it essentially expands my limited counter space . 
0	made me naushes as hell ,  gave me headaches ,  and made me very dizzy . 
1	but they came in the mail earlier that expected ,  and when i opened them i was quite pleased . 
0	she only used it while sitting still to look at books . 
1	finally i came upon this little gem of a device . 
0	but if you are looking for a game to entertain you .  .  . pick something else . 
1	she drops her phone all the time and it has protected it . 
0	my dog ,  a beagle ,  hated this bone .  . she was afraid of it .  . and she chews many a bone . 
1	i really like it because you can cook and store with this set . 
0	really scary when you have a few thousand dollars worth of bikes on the rack . 
1	they are fairly well constructed ,  but will not stand up to significant abuse . 
0	i had to get my husband to pry them apart . 
1	i recently moved into the city of sf ,  about num_num miles from the ocean ,  and took one with me . 
0	for me they really fell short in the most important sound department . 
1	unlike old style  mallet  tenderizers this one does not flatten as pierces and cuts through tough meat strands . 
0	it s quite heavy and difficult to smooth on to my skin . 
1	clean up has been easy; using very small amounts of peanut oil has been the key . 
0	i had my husband try it out as well and he also had horrible alergies in his back . 
1	my husbands phone got caught in the medical detector at the airport . 
0	the songs don t sound good and the mix sounds rather amateurish . 
1	i drink a cup of tea in the morning and often a couple more during the day . 
0	the gameplay was so boring ,  couldn t even keep my attention span over num_num num_extend
1	this was a wedding present ,  they were thrilled . 
0	when i called ,  they were not too interested in making me happy . 
1	thank you so much amazon . com for the great price ,  good value and prompt delivery . 
0	give me a good game ,  and i ll play it . 
1	personally ,  i thought it was handy and could not get hot enough to be a problem . 
0	not sure how anyone could purchase from these pictures . 
1	but it takes great pictures with the num_extend camera and it has great num_extend video recording . 
0	they almost pulled off the motion sensing controller but it just does not work very well . 
1	check them occasionally and wipe the rusty water away . 
0	if space is an extreme issue for you ,  then yes this would probably be the best option out there . 
1	it is beautiful on both sides as pictured . 
0	this and the associated clear balance product get good reviews . 
1	in fact it s smoother than a finger which tends to be slightly oily at the best of times . 
0	it is worthless if i can t figure out how to use it . 
1	the motorola num_extend has a weird deal with fitting into my ear canal and basically doesn t . 
0	they told me that they would mail me the right bottle . 
1	i have yet to find the lower part ,  i kinda lost it . 
0	it appears from the photo that there will be a nice thick cushion from heel to toe . 
1	only had it a week so far but ear pieces all fit ,  just differently between them . 
0	the level designs are nice and the graphics are ok . 
1	not just the num_num that came with it . great deal ,  very fast shipping . 
0	sadly ,  tossed the packaging so will put it in the donation bag next time around . 
1	i have not used another case since i got this one . 
0	they will do for my husband until the strap comes completely unglued . 
1	nice ,  big shiny stock pot with inserts for pasta and steaming other things . 
0	these cookies are tiny !  about the size of an oreo ,  but thinner and lighter . 
1	we use it once every couple of weeks but when we need it it works fine . 
0	save yourself from damaging your hair and go with the natural biotin . 
1	i needed a simple cutting board for the kitchen and that s exactly what i receieved . 
0	but ,  it was gentle on my sensitive skin . 
1	provided plenty of space for some bulkier kitchen items . 
0	the aqueon version has never leaked and is clearly better made . 
1	it seems sturdy enough to withstand the usual abuse . 
0	i believe ea games blows more of their company money on advertising than making a wonderful game . 
1	so the vegetables come out a little on the short side . 
0	i have never figured out how to get the pump out to service it or clean it . 
1	it s tough ,  isn t too bulky and he approves so i m happy . 
0	i ordered a pair of these headphones after reading numerous reviews about how comfortable and great sounding they were . 
1	this turner really gets under things in the skillet and makes it easy to turn over items . 
0	i will never spend num_num dollars for a stinking blender ever again . 
1	this is a mesh similar to a sifter . 
0	sometimes a lot comes out and sometimes barely anything . 
1	the flour makes the cake look like it s molding . 
0	none of the three i received were any good ,  and now they re all landfill :  a total irritation . 
1	took a good cleaning to get the oily feeling off . 
0	i received a sample of this body milk and tried it today . 
1	i highly suggest that you purchase one for your bakers collection ,  . 
0	i think it s the fuzzy tail that gets him . 
1	that s about right for any coffee maker in this price range . 
0	i really would ve loved to have had this purchase work out ,  but the quality just wasn t there . 
1	i tried both ear pieces ,  and no help . 
0	my wife found it faster to just use her nails . 
1	i bought this one for a friend who was using a paper towel . 
0	also ,  the bottoms of the cans of the case that i received were forming rust spots in many areas . 
1	easy to wear for an num_num hour shift at work . 
0	there are a lot of cases available for this phone ,  which is a good thing . 
1	we have also used it for a large steamer . 
0	the kodak num_extend would be a very nice camera except that battery life is very poor . 
1	i ve used this type of humidifier for years and years with no problems . 
0	i will continue to try these tablets until they are gone and will update this review if anything changes . 
1	i bought this case for my wife to keep her bluetooth headset . 
0	the firmware update which will never happen it seems  takes forever to tell you there s no new update . 
1	they seem to really want you to be happy with your purchase . 
0	didn t realize is look like an alien as the primer stays green on my face before applying my foundation . 
1	at work he has carpet over cement and his feet get really cold . 
0	i do not trust these folks with my wife s security and you should think twice about it yourself . 
1	just one button to do both !  another push finishes the call and gets the music going again . 
0	wild ride in the sky  included with the game   japanese :  sky num_extend
1	i didn t realize how big the item was until i received it . 
0	i m going to look for an extra thick tube minus the slime next time . 
1	it is not all that loud ,  quieter than a regular vacuum for sure . 
0	i only wish my experience with this unit had been more positive . 
1	yes ,  great feature !  if this one ever dies  as all things do  i will buy another one like it . 
0	i received this item free through the amazon vine program for my child and did not find it appealing . 
1	after visiting my bother who topped everything with homemade whipped cream ,  we could not resist . 
0	the holes are all in the wrong place . 
1	it is rarely that i give a bagless vac any rating of num_num or more ,  unless it is outstanding . 
0	i have been a loyal palm user since the very first pilot came out . 
1	i did this and it has been working fine since . 
0	i had high hopes for the world tour ,  and actually expected it to be authentic looking tracks . 
1	overall ,  a very well made ,  effective fan ,  especially in the absence of air conditioning . 
0	i bought them cause they were cheap and i got what i paid for !  not good . 
1	great little gift for the person that has everything . 
0	if you combine these the game does nothing but   .  .  .   constantly . 
1	moreover ,  considering it is a pot and a nautilus in one . 
0	not much of a difference if any difference was noted . 
1	he said it does what is is supposed to . 
0	i didn t receive my num_num usb wall charger ,  num_num usb car charger ,  num_num usb data sync charging cables . 
1	it comes with its own charger and a usb cable to use with your computer . 
0	i called amazon and they overnighted me a new one  same as pictured  . 
1	love this ,  even more than i had thought . 
0	people with migraines or seizure activity should be careful . 
1	this stepstool is well built but is extremely heavy and a little tough to move around . 
0	for the cost and quality of this vacuum it is not worth it . 
1	it s just a lot of fun taking an apple and slicing it into eight handy and adorable little slices . 
0	first ,  the bulb got dimmer and dimmer and i needed to replace the batteries . 
1	it was a simple matter to plug my iphone cord right into the usb port on the charger . 
0	however ,  i ordered these pants in size num_num waist and they were a tad too snug . 
1	even without this ,  it s still better on wind noise than all the other headsets that i have owned . 
0	no thanks ,  i ll look elsewhere for my cereal . 
1	so simple that my teenagers can clean up after themselves  yea !  sturdy :  no flimsy parts nor light weight . 
0	i purchased these to go along with my foodsaver . 
1	the beeping in my ear is really annoying at times . 
0	if you want to not lose any touch sensitivity don t use one . 
1	however ,  this area is not marked on the outside of the plunger . 
0	the top of the easel  where the easel pivots to collapse  did not fit together well . 
1	the depth of the case still protects the sensor just fine . 
0	the ones with mixed colors are so much better . 
1	i tend to keep my phone on my person or close by . 
0	even with the reformulation ,  i would still not give my baby this formula . 
1	the duplication is to meet the stupid length requirement . 
0	it does not keep the water away from the drain ,  so the tub never gets any deeper . 
1	i tried to get it on but it bubbled even after i smoothed it out . 
0	it also scratched up the sides of the blade about an inch from the edge . 
1	the side of the screen is a bit hard to access ,  but not impossible if you have patience . 
0	i will give them credit for the graphics . 
1	it has passed the test of time with flying colors ! highly recommended ! cfh . 
0	num_extend on the display . returned from vacation ,  sent it back . 
1	the drip coffee tastes a bit muddy to me by comparison . 
0	i tried this after reading all the rave reviews . 
1	i am convinced that anybody saying these headphones have good bass does not know what the word  bass  means . 
0	this chips weren t as crispy as i d hoped . 
1	after several uses it still looks like new with no cleaning necessary . 
0	it has a poor finish and gave me an excruciating pain . 
1	i found mine for $ with shipping at $ making a total of only $ out of new york . 
0	it takes me about two hours to get five boxes washed out ,  sanitized and refilled . 
1	this is a very nice item; my wife was going through about num_num per month . 
0	hooked up to my dell monitor on my roland num_extend and the monitor was driven into self test mode . 
1	again ,  probably just a setting issue i ve not yet discovered in my num_num days playing with it . 
0	so i thought i d give this toy ,  the  cheese   ?   chase ,   a try . 
1	these are tweezers only they are very big tweezers made in germany . 
0	if the new router does the same thing ,  then i plan to return it and go buy another brand . 
1	i have used it when we stay over and they are sturdy and easy to clean . 
0	so a few weeks ago ,  again ,  the volume of coffee becomes inconsistent . 
1	it does not scratch my non stick pots and pans like a metal whisk would . 
0	as a result ,  fights go on and on and on and on and on and . 
1	the evo is a large phone anyway so it s not noticeable to me . 
0	the only thing good about this is that i can control musicmatch with the remote . 
1	i have no complaints except i wish someone would make one where the blades don t get so gunked up . 
0	my puppy hates baths and i thought i would try this waterless shampoo as an alternative to a bath . 
1	the inexpensive price makes it well within my price range . 
0	i take great care though when throwing this with my kids . 
1	it looks nice on the counter too ,  if you intend to keep it there . 
0	i also have to comment on the controversy surrounding the game ,  there s nothing all that bad in here . 
1	who would have ever thought that they d make cases out of actual wood . 
0	did i say it was slow ? one email contact to tech support containing four questions brought no response . 
1	if you put it in this special vacuum device you can use it to vacuum seal stuff . 
0	the hardware quality on these phones are cheap also . 
1	once again ,  i m blown away at the difference between the two batteries . 
0	no wonder the price keeps dropping on this coffee maker . 
1	i like that there are num_num in the package . 
0	if you buy this ,  you really need to baby it !  my advice is look for a more sturdy model !  . 
1	the only reason that i have given four instead of five stars for the product is the price . 
0	maybe there is a trick that i have not learned . 
1	this is a good cable for uploading data to phone . 
0	don t waste your time or money buying the doublemint or the spearmint as the flavor has changed drastically . 
1	and fyi ,  amazon is consistently the best marketplace on the internet . 
0	sorry ,  model one ,  i wanted to like you !  . 
1	pretty basic ,  it s the same one most of us grew up with . 
0	it may work better on older paints  but i doubt it  . 
1	if it doesn t work when i get the phone i ll update the review . 
0	they attract hummers very well ,  and they contain no metals  zinc ,  copper ,  brass ,  lead  that are toxic to hummingbirds . 
1	it resets to the last time used and is easy and quick to reset . 
0	i bought a new copy of this game to encourage south peak to make two worlds num_extend
1	i got these for christmas ,  and they are beautiful glasses . 
0	the quality is best of the best !  originals are also sold . 
1	i ve never used the slot to pour things in because i don t want to get the top dirty . 
0	i did not like the taste of this at all . 
1	it takes up less room than my old one so it saved me some room . 
0	i have ruined several tenderloins and over cooked too many chickens . 
1	i knew i wasn t going to get let down . 
0	and it is easy to chew so no complaints there . 
1	being of wmf quality ,  i expect it to last a lifetime . 
0	as stated above ,  they have now replaced two of the flavors with cheaper fare . 
1	the antenna on the older one was absolute garbage . 
0	i would not order it again ,  but then i like a rich robust coffee . 
1	i bought this for our new coffeemaker so i would not have to use paper filters . 
0	so ,  it took me a while to get used to it wearing to bed . 
1	found this on amazon and am very glad i bought it . 
0	this is not the first time this has happened with your cases . 
1	it charges quickly ,  in half the time of regular chargers . 
0	it tells you in the video that it is helpful to have another person help you . 
1	this tenderizer works as described ,  but is not the  cure all  it s supposed to be . 
0	most bike gear does at least for me . 
1	it did work though ,  but will need to experiment for a more flavorful shell . 
0	and ,  depending on your face cleanser s ingredients ,  it will last just about as long as this product . 
1	i know it sounds odd to get excited about a garbage can ,  but i really like this one . 
0	it s strange because i didn t experience this problem on a tiffen uv filter i bought num_num years ago . 
1	this is much better made than what i could find locally . 
0	not to mention ,  the light is dying after only a few months of very intermittent use . 
1	i guess she was having a hard time seeing through the protector when her phone was on . 
0	but it was like $ when i bought it ,  so i m sure it s probably a piece of crap . 
1	the cap opens and closes without burning your fingers . 
0	for this much money much improvement is expected . 
1	great for berries ,  lettuce ,  anything you want to wash . 
0	the game is very predictable and is also very slow moving . 
1	it s also easy to clean and store in a plastic bag etc . 
0	it s easy to do and all you need is a  phillips  screwdriver . 
1	the vacuum is a very good buy at this price . 
0	however in reality falls short . i was most disappointed and returned it . 
1	the little spoon that is included is kind of funy . 
0	farberware now carries one like i wanted for just a few dollars more . i don t recommend this one . 
1	i was careful not to overload the fryer and that is probably key . 
0	unfortunately ,  this cushion was overly firm for our purposes . 
1	this has ridges and also ,  this is very big so ensure it can fit on your range . 
0	to me it s not worth sending it back . 
1	at num_num or num_num hours ,  it is as hot as it was when i poured it into the thermos . 
0	however ,  when eating them i noticed that i was craving sugar much more than usual . 
1	have never been happier with any gadget purchase . 
0	returned because it was not usb as i thought . 
1	this is classic white ,  just the right size for utensils and i love it because it is so handy . 
0	however ,  the sound quality is terrible ,  plus the speed varies ,  even when i switch batteries . 
1	this is a perfect fit for the samsung droid charge . 
0	in other words ,  the egg halves do not stick together . 
1	makes it much easier getting baking items ,  cereals ,  etc into storage jars . 
0	she loved it though and cried and cried when i through it away . 
1	i made all kinds of fillings from creams to puddings and filled them up . 
0	that was a year and a half of misery . 
1	i have made a variety of other dishes in this with no problem such as hummus ,  salsa ,  etc . 
0	the device dosent come with a charger or instructions altough its simple . 
1	we got this product to go with our newly purchased foodsaver num_extend vertical vacuum sealer . 
0	when worn alone ,  i find that the polish yellow after just a couple of days and looks terrible . 
1	in addition ,  when i listen to num_extend files ,  the num_extend has a warmer sound . 
0	after num_num minutes of not getting anywhere ,  i gave up and threw it away . 
1	i have ms ,  so being able to put furniture together by myself is a very big deal . 
0	i am disappointed in this fun house three way mirror . 
1	i couldn t be happier . it was well packed ,  in a larger carton with plenty of the big bubble pads . 
0	on that day ,  i might even introduce you to my cheap amazon hammer . 
1	even though it s not very thin ,  considering how much power this holds ,  it s no surprise . 
0	i have pushed the door shut ,  it clicks and yet it pops open often !  that results in a mess . 
1	these are original nokia chargers in a retail box . 
0	please contact them and they will be able to assist you . 
1	mine was shipped from  battery world  and the cord i rec d charges my iphone num_extend with no problem . 
0	its hard to curl so you just have to keep it straight . 
1	you can buy with more or less capacity ,  this was great for my daughters needs . 
0	i admit i may have been influenced by the  squirting in  process . it is not something i will buy again . 
1	in many ways the num_extend is a pc and the sanyo is a mac . 
0	the cut is not what it used to be . 
1	this is great for my large breville toaster oven . 
0	unlike other kits ,  there was a lot of messy color mixing to be done . 
1	i also usea pot holder over the mitt . 
0	the num_extend remained locked in the num_num ch mode . 
1	this product looks like and works as advertised . 
0	i know all about the dangers of power surges ,  so i connected the monitor to a quality surge protector . 
1	the size is great for extra room ,  and really big tarts . 
0	the sound quality is ok but no better . 
1	the fluted bases makes it easy to hold even when wet . 
0	his bread takes no more than an hour to rise and turns out beautifully every time . 
1	i trust their recommendations ,  and i did need something else for my christmas wish list . 
0	i thought it was a sugar substitute made from coconut . 
1	i like it for the bathroom products its good for storage and bathroom supplies . 
0	it doesn t hold my child s attention at all . 
1	that app also lists the current time ,  so it serves both purposes . 
0	would you want to type : boolprop constrainfloorelevations num_extend much a no brainer . 
1	it don t even try to charge my phone any more ,  but rely on this charger to keep me powered . 
0	you can not send video from this phone !  !  . 
1	i bought several cases for my htc evo before i found this one . 
0	well maybe ,  but it hasn t made up it s mind yet . 
1	these are shallower and wider than most measuring cups . 
0	using this product ,  the slices stuck together ,  and didn t cook as evenly . 
1	we also plan to buy more and use them on our boat for holding lines and other items . 
0	your weapons break after a couple of battles ,  so you have to constantly by more materials to make them . 
1	the only times i haven t used it were when i was out of town . 
0	i would recommend buying the other panasonic eyelash curler in pink . 
1	you must preheat the carafe  and preferably your cups  before using it . 
0	i bought this game thinking it would be like star wars meets unreal tournament . 
1	the stainless steel is a must for a busy baker . 
0	it would seem that every time the dhcp address expires ,  the process of obtaining a new address fails . 
1	set the houdini on top of the cork . 
0	if i left it out ,  it would stink up the whole room . 
1	this egg masher is really fun to have on the counter and its a really good masher as well . 
0	i bought a ph meter and it worked fine . 
1	nissan gets it rightthe travel thermos keeps liquids hotter than any similar container i ve owned . 
0	one was in the skb fender case $ on amazon  ,  the other in this gator case purchased locally . 
1	it will only charge with the cable plugged into it . overall ,  i really like this case . 
0	it is uninvolving and uninteresting ,  at all times . 
1	if yours is leaking ,  waiting for a new gasket is not really an option . 
0	it took like num_num minutes for him to close the door . 
1	i love it and would recommend to anyone . 
0	i even changed my rating from num_num stars to num_extend
1	the only thing is the lids are not leakproof ,  but otherwise love them . 
0	only after i had it in and the cap on did it start to sting really badly . 
1	let me start by saying i have an iphone num_extend
0	this made my hair gummy ,  greasy looking and flat as a pancake . 
1	i make bread and frequently make a poolish with very little yeast . 
0	this is ,  hands down ,  the worst grinder i have ever used . 
1	plus ,  it looks so cool and shiny that you can leave it out on display all throughout the year . 
0	all i can say is must have gotten a bad copy . 
1	product feels good and has a nice grip . 
0	the fact that we need to buy xbox live points is stupid to begin with . 
1	it does not slip on the counter top . 
0	i took him the vet and he wasn t sick . 
1	this kitchen appliance is large and heavy which allows for sturdy use . 
0	i am a long time fan of bass shoes . 
1	and amazon ,  what can i say .  .  . you are the best ! i highly recommend both the product and amazon . 
0	coffee ,  i have one ,  and it froths like a charm . 
1	i got this while i collected a variety of mason jars to store food in . 
0	price it at $ and i d give it more stars . 
1	just remember .  .  .  . apply no pressure as you drag the blade thru the sharpener .  .  .  . if you do have to ,  use very little . 
0	only used several times with no real noticed in change . 
1	yes ,  it is pricey in my opinion ,  but it will never cave in to the pressure of squeezing garlic . 
0	just bought this palm for a significant person in my life . 
1	i like the profile instead of a big bulky box to surround my phone . 
0	of course the return period ended after num_num days ,  so i guess i m out of luck . 
1	num_num inch height requires room above it to add water and access coffee and water filters . 
0	i just don t think there s any way around it . 
1	i have no trouble getting a cup in place to froth milk . 
0	so ,  this vacuum is pretty useless if you re looking for a solution to caring for delicate rugs . 
1	i love having flexible color coded cutting boards . 
0	well ,  i don t like crippled ,  so i ll look elsewhere ,  thank you very much . 
1	i can highly recommend this to anyone who wants to eat some great tasting grilled food . 
0	okay iam not a perverted person but i decided to play this game . 
1	this was purchased as a gift for my son and his girlfriend . 
0	this product was recommended for use with my stone sink . 
1	it has held up well and is easy to clean and fill . 
0	thus i intend to drop this game from my collection for i too had no  body of evidence  . 
1	there are many blue tooth headsets but most project into the ear canal . 
0	i can t return the bloody thing so i am stuck with it  and out the money  . 
1	it s very lightweight for younger children to hold . 
0	this isn t a terrible tuner ,  and for how cheap it was ,  it wasn t a  ripoff  . 
1	seems to be more powerful than my hoover upright ,  as a matter of fact . 
0	this tastes to me like imitation blueberries  it includes  organic blueberry flavor   . 
1	clarity is excellent and the battery life is great . 
0	my husband had to unscrew the body of the game in order to open up the drawer . 
1	great item for half the cost i have seen on catalogs . 
0	i don t doubt they were pointing ,  but they probably weren t saying  wow look at that  . 
1	works great for pizza and about anything else you like to bake . 
0	they have a great crunch ,  buy have almost a bitter taste . 
1	the ball bearings roll smoothly and do not catch . 
0	especially all enemies in the stealth level is one hit kill on you disregard your level . 
1	i am very well pleased with this fryer . 
0	this was the num_extend set i have ownned that completely failed without accidental damage . 
1	these are very pretty salt and pepper shakers and add a nice splash of color to my kitchen . 
0	the small bulb gives out a surprisingly bright light for its size . 
1	it stays in my truck so i can keep my phone charged while traveling . 
0	i couldn t find a decent cable locally and the reviews were good for this one . 
1	you can t overload it ,  or else it won t cut evenly . 
0	i have owned a magellan roadmate num_num for four years . 
1	no idea what causes the problem; it persists after cleaning and reassembling everything . 
0	have to reposition the seals and maneuver the hinges so they work well . 
1	i do lube the nylon gears after each use . 
0	i think i d better use it anywhere but on my face . 
1	i cook alot and it is very important that i have a good knife . 
0	the alien ,  the predator ,  and the marine are all there ,  with more . 
1	there are some things i dont like about sense but for the most part its a pleasant experience . 
0	though ,  in its defense ,  i was using it via an automatic switch box . 
1	apparently that is what my old eureka was missing . 
0	the valve at the top began leaking after num_num days . 
1	then ,  i started dinner and proceeded to ignore the roomba for the next hour or so . 
0	so here i am looking for a replacement set . btw ,  i will now have two complete sets of satellite speakers . 
1	i did break it using it to scoop caramel for truffles though . 
0	if you are not dark complected ,  i would seriously not recommend this . 
1	although it is a little big in the back ,  i totally recommend it this product . 
0	it also drops calls like crazy here in manhattan . 
1	like slicing through butter ! quite frankly i would never abuse a fine piece of china nor a good knife . 
0	i had the plastic  holster  type clip in carrying case ,  and that broke . 
1	all in all it does what you want an electric kettle to do . 
0	of course who can we believe these days !  . 
1	you shouldn t have any trouble at all . so bottom line is : great product ,  great quality . 
0	this machine does not work the way it should and it was a waste of my money . 
1	that is their prerogative ,  and as a consumer you have the right to buy it for the price . 
0	we put it on and didn t like it ,  and the little tab broke upon trying to remove it . 
1	other than that ,  we are still enjoying this coffee maker . 
0	i picked through trying to find some in the package that were appetizing with little luck . 
1	it s so nice to have a flat cutting surface to cut stuff ,  as opposed to a plate . 
0	the serum made my skin look good when on ,  but out of the shower it was a little  eh  . 
1	i would highly recommend these even with their higher price point . 
0	i prefer food where i don t have to transition and which don t give my dogs loose stool . 
1	the main picture makes it look huge ,  but it s really palm sized . 
0	these gloves are simply too flimsy for a good heavy bag workout . 
1	it still works . in summary ,  i have another solid new trent product at my disposal . 
0	the one i received also did not look like the one pictured . 
1	wipe up with a clean microfiber towel and move on to the next section . 
0	i admit that i purchased this for the lavender scent . 
1	otherwise ,  it s functionally identical to this model and about the same power . 
0	kind of makes me want to turn the cd into a ufo . fun factor :  fun factor can t get much lower . 
1	it really does work super good ,  shipping fast . 
0	sure ,  there s some neat water effects but it s overdone . 
1	a hint here most quart mayo lids fit a regular mason jar opening . 
0	not only are these bags expensive but they rip constantly !  almost every other bag for me . 
1	super sharp and would suggest the accusharp num_num knife sharpener . 
0	usually ,  the closed leg bottom takes care of a few extra inches ,  but not six extra inches . 
1	i bought this case for my bf because he loves red and needed a new case . 
0	i ve tried chocolate malt ,  coffee and now this flavor . 
1	the styling is nice ,  contemporary and does not draw attention in a corner . 
0	i m done paying top dollar for filters that turn out to be disposable . 
1	i love that i can use this with both my home adapter and car adapter . 
0	anything you try to cook in it will scorch unless you watch it like a hawk . 
1	my first misto lasted about num_num to num_num years before the seal or collar wore out . 
0	i did not return this item because is very expensive for me ,  i live in costa rica . 
1	i have these wilton angled spatulas in both smaller and num_extend size and just love them . 
0	i purchased this for my mom because she has arthritis . 
1	these would be great if you have younger children in your house . 
0	it was driving me nuts not cutting through a nail no matter how many times i tried . 
1	i m not gonna lie ,  it is a little on the loud side . 
0	thinner materials and build than the photo would let on . 
1	i love baking but i also like to keep things light . 
0	i waited for a few days ,  but the soap film are still visible . 
1	i don t have any issues with it so far . 
0	tried the forum fix mentioned by a previous reviewer but update fails every time . 
1	it does not actually meet with either the sides or the bottom of the bowl !  !  !  i couldn t believe it . 
0	i liked the effect so much that i purchased a full sized product . 
1	these were exactly what we needed for our sony speakers . 
0	the soil clogs the bottom on the bulb so the water can t come out . 
1	looks exactly like the picture and is awesome . 
0	i enjoy popcorn ,  but would rather just have a big bowl of fresh popcorn than these things . 
1	i had suffered through bitter lifeless espresso for num_num years and it was time to go . 
0	i work at a vet office and we stand a , lot . 
1	these bags effectively extend the life of my little dirt devil without costing me an arm and a leg . 
0	all it did was smear the dirt around . 
1	battery life has also been right about as advertised . 
0	there was to much powdered cheese in each container . 
1	especially useful is the cord so i can wear it . 
0	that thing is indestructible ! i am returning this glass model to try a different brand s steel travel mug french press . 
1	highly recommended at this great price too !  it is cheaper than target ,  etc . 
0	well ,  if i wanted to know what artificial peaches tasted like ,  now i know . 
1	my kitchen appliances are all brushed stainless steel so i selected the matte finish for the kettle . 
0	but the inner part that allows it to erase cracked and then the crack spread quickly . 
1	i always require screen protectors on electronic devices in our house . 
0	this coffee maker just can t make the coffee hot . 
1	i have a protective cover on my iphone num_extend and it fits in great . 
0	i thought there was no way it could fail ,  but it did nothing for me . 
1	battery life is long lasting and even works when charging . 
0	this game doesn t compare to the other mario games . 
1	this is sturdy plastic that will not crack or break at the first fall . 
0	i had to install a load of drivers and still it malfunctioned . 
1	i ve had this for a little over num_num months now ,  and i am thrilled with it . 
0	i had to buy from a different vendor and had to pay much more . 
1	i can use it for lots and lots of things . 
0	i got a longer cord so i could charge my phone and play with my phone on the couch . 
1	this has not a scratch or chip out of it . it is unscathed during my coffee wars . 
0	this was a completely frustrating and disappointing toy . 
1	finally ,  they were recently on sale for less than $ so i did buy that second set . 
0	i am a coffee lover ,  the stronger the better . 
1	my opinion on ease of cleaning ?  i would the kr six stars on that aspect if i could . 
0	before ,  i simply purchased it from the drug store . 
1	i washed when i first got it but and yes the coating was coming off a bit . 
0	so if you do buy the game ,  there s a modest chance that it simply won t run on your machine . 
1	this one ,  however was a bit more of an investment for me but i haven t regretted it . 
0	interesting nowhere in the manual or on the website was there anything about  trouble shooting  . 
1	i also can enjoy adding my own spices . 
0	please just be aware if you should decide you want this expensive wasabi powder . 
1	i bought this bluetooth headset to use with our new shoretel phone system . 
0	sure my dog loved it but i love him too much to feed him garbage . 
1	but then a bell went off in my head . 
0	plus ,  that also allows me to get closer to my scalp . 
1	i drink diet sprite from the two liter bottles as it is cheaper that way . 
0	the color is rich ,  the weight is solid and the overall durability seems very good . 
1	if this kills your battery ,  you need a new battery !  . 
0	i finally found it on sale at a local store with a good rebate . 
1	i m not sure if that s just a fluke or not . 
0	i was wrong !  couldn t get it get it straight at first then after several tries it was finally straight . 
1	it is delightfully simple and straightforward to use . 
0	i was very disappointed with the enemies in this game . 
1	it s definitely a  must have  for anyone taking their iphone on a trip or away from num_extend
0	then after only a few months of use and proper cleaning . 
1	unfortunately the fit was a little too snug and the unlock and volume buttons kept getting pressed . 
0	just not one of my fav bras by this company . 
1	i got these for my teen grandson s room to play his games on . 
0	in the end we decided on the water soluble astroglide . 
1	i m still researching seasoning and asking friends for tips on that . i m also considering the emeril cast iron smoker . 
0	the noise cancellation on these headphones helps ,  but is far from perfect . 
1	i like it as it is very easy to slip on and take off for cleaning purposes . 
0	we had this bench from the time my son was num_num until he was num_extend
1	this size also makes a wonderful deep dish pizza pan . 
0	another reviewer suggested that they do have a resveratrol product that has the recommended dose in it . 
1	the verdict :  the dough hooks for this mixer are subpar in their kneading ability . 
0	i would suggest you use a small area to try this out . 
1	a must have for any novice or professional baker . 
0	there is no replacing that . slicing vedgies ?  get yourself a mandoline . 
1	i bought this after seeing a similar looking hand cranking device at the phila . 
0	that would be my child and husband ,  two individuals who do not possess taste buds . 
1	and it fits in your dishwasher !  yeah !  i don t know why i waited so long to buy this . 
0	it can t chop any firmer fruits or vegetables . it also cannot stand . 
1	however ,  the seller has been very responsive and has agreed to send a replacement . 
0	and the protein filling is grainy and difficult to get through . 
1	i just love all my lodge products and this num_num inch skillet is no different . 
0	if they made this with a stronger brew it would be a lot better . 
1	if you re a fequent cookie baker i would recomment the product . 
0	i cannot recommend this bra for that reason . 
1	have many battery operated clippers and found them to be heavy and once they are dull its all over . 
0	i m sure it s not the product ,  you know how picky menopause skin can be !  . 
1	it s stiff enough to stand on it s own and protects my mixer from dust and grime . 
0	the little cleaning square of cloth is so rough it will scratch the front glass of your iphone . 
1	this has worked out great as a back up battery for my htc evo . 
0	i couldn t take it anymore ,  and went to the doctor yesterday . 
1	the sound quality is great ,  it pairs and maintains connection with no hassle at all . 
0	the second i bought to see if it was a fluke didn t work right out of the box . 
1	i have a canon num_extend and wasn t very excited about getting a normal bulky case for it . 
0	i guess if you only want to walk the dog ,  this might be your yoyo . 
1	it fits my phone very well and very happy with it . 
0	this set comes with num_num packages of moon dough . 
1	i m happy to say ,  that it s as great as everyone says . the knife cuts through bread loaves smoothly and cleanly . 
0	they arrived last week and i ve been taking them without apparent incident . 
1	there are two more pairs of earplug with different sizes ,  so you can select one that work for you . 
0	also no big deal as i just bent it back . 
1	i expected a few scratches on the screen ,  just a home charger ,  and maybe a few scrapes . 
0	numi also offers a good rooibos . i decided to give davidson s a chance since it was so cheap . 
1	if your not good with tools or just not inclined consider the separate mounting bracket . 
0	but when ordering from china who knows what source it s coming from ?  . 
1	when i saw this device for leaf bag support it seemed easier to handle . 
0	it was supposed to go in and then start talking . 
1	on normal use days ,  i usually get the % low battery warning around num_extend pm . 
0	i have not recieved my phone cover yet . 
1	too bad my son then lost the ac adapter and the new cable again . 
0	the system does eliminate the urine odor but not the poop odor . 
1	sometimes i put a plate under the dish to make removal easier; other times ,  i use a potholder . 
0	it was a nice long cable that i bought figuring it d be durable but it didn t last . 
1	i had this product for num_num weeks now . 
0	a large number of entries simply do not work . 
1	is it a whole lot faster ,  easier and cheaper ?  yep . 
0	but it s suppppper cute !  if only it made my phone feel a little safer . 
1	hibblekibble s boarding house at the eliot school for boys when all six steak knives were used . 
0	this might not apply to everyone ,  but if you are an ic patient beware . my first dose was my last !  . 
1	the hangers you use become the frame for the bag ,  and it includes a zipper for easier access . 
0	there are much better toys out there for less money ,  that will last longer . 
1	so i got this one after reading such great reviews . 
0	i disabled this and let my isp dns take over . 
1	i m stuck with buying older versions of phones . 
0	maybe i got a lemon ,  but i decided to buy a bosch compact mixer instead for my bread making . 
1	we liked them so much we gifted six to family and friends . 
0	i jumped on these marshmallow pebbles because they are gluten free and looked like something similar to lucky charms . 
1	very affordable which is perfect since i lost out the previous phone i had which was stolen . 
0	it s called a curl perfector and i suspect it would do a really good job . 
1	a roaster is a good thing to have . 
0	while num_num wheels sound like a good idea ,  two wheels on the front is a nightmare for turning . 
1	you simply place the probe in the meat ,  set the target temperature and leave it . 
0	we aren t happy with this purchase at all and i will never buy this brand ever again . 
1	thanks for putting out such a great product . 
0	i got two units for my company to see if we should order num_num more . 
1	easy to use ,  easy to clean ,  and takes up very little storage space . 
0	in fact ,  it may have ruined the  authorized  cord i bought to use it with . 
1	for years i have been changing closets with the seasons . 
0	i guess they do ,  but the image is small and unclear . 
1	although the breville does not have a variable heat control ,  i found that to be of no consequence . 
0	these cheezy companies keep selling these dawf target systems . 
1	keeps the device off of the counter in which a food processor would take up space . 
0	a week after setting up the breeze ,  the cat still won t use it . 
1	there is an optional container for grinding num_extend
0	pick up starcraft or any of a thousand other rts title out there that blow kuf away . 
1	works as described however sometimes does not work with an hdmi female extension adapter . bought this specifically for the xoom . 
0	this coffee grinder grinds my beans very quickly and it worked well for my french press . 
1	there is a warmup light i think my wife said . 
0	i should have read the reviews a little closer and realized that this not a new battery . 
1	battery life is great compared to other phones that have these features and can be num_extend
0	me costo num_num usd repararlo ,  espero que funcione mas tiempo . 
1	this along with the egg sandwich maker are great ways to speed up breakfast  or even dinner  making . 
0	finally got rid of the fly problem by getting rid of the victor fly magnet !  not recommended . 
1	another item i ve purchased through amazon that we ve been using for a while now with no proms . 
0	they have what you need to see the results you want . 
1	any more than that and the food starts to clog up the blades . 
0	he is unable to remove his foot out of the hole . 
1	i still love my lattes ,  but drink it black more and more . 
0	i have to reconfigure wep and the ssid each time since i have a hidden ssid . 
1	i haven t had a hook fall off the wall yet . 
0	not a long while like neverwinter nights ,  but a little while . 
1	when it s plugged in it begins heating immediately and the arm starts going around . 
0	i am a true blonde and without some help ,  my eyebrows are invisible . 
1	i use this to strain jars of fruit ,  boiled potatoes ,  etc . 
0	any person with an iq of num_num could beat this game within a day . 
1	definitely recommended for anyone who needs a key for the sim tray . 
0	everyone in an enemy uniform is shooting at you and only you !  rent this one do not buy it . 
1	better than the one i threw out ,  it was the pits !  amco is the better brand . 
0	they did not apologize as expected for what was truly an inconvenience . 
1	it is a wonderful size ,  the handles are easy to grasp for transferring from oven to cooling rack . 
0	that what i get for buying a cheap knockoff product from hong kong . 
1	that was annoying and with headphones on especially annoying . 
0	i wish i hadn t ordered a two pack . 
1	ordered this second bowl as a christmas present for the missus . 
0	you could purchase num_num band aids for that price ,  use some neosporin and replace them each day . 
1	in addition ,  the jaybird freedoms have limited controls for your iphone or ipod . 
0	it depends on the time of year and what product i m using . 
1	true ,  this charger will charge multiple devices ,  num_extend
0	the grease fitting would not release from the zerk and ripped it right out of the ball joint assembly . 
1	easy to use ,  clean and safe for microwave and dishwasher . 
0	neither way worked for me and it left my skin feeling awful for days . 
1	i think it is just the wood s finish . 
0	me and my brother have gone through num_num of these between the two of us . 
1	works like a charm and could not be happier . 
0	first time buy this perfume and read all reviews looks good review . 
1	i am not sure why i didn t have one of these before . 
0	the white fit perfectly and the lattie fit like a size num_extend
1	looks like i need a little practice with the call button ,  i hung up on my husband by accident . 
0	it is rectangular ,  not the trapezoidal shape needed by our cameras . 
1	other stand mixers of this size offer up to num_num watts; the ka num_num qt . 
0	the problem being that nothing happens on the top screen . 
1	if you re not willing to participate in the coffee making process ,  don t purchase this coffeemaker . 
0	i now not only think this seat is not more comfortable than my original saddle ,  it may be worse . 
1	compact in size ,  but great for small amounts of food or a few pieces of toast . 
0	when a person wants a muffin it is for a very specific reason . 
1	not needed on every recipe but when you have to ad while mixing it really helps . 
0	these were an expensive and painful waste of money for me ,  so very sorry i bought them . 
1	people complain about some other headsets i have ,  so this one is good . 
0	once you find them in some retail stores ,  they cost num_num times more than their cf counterparts . 
1	however ,  i think this will be a great purchase . 
0	oh my !  !  !  !  !  !  !  this product hurts me trying to put it in my ear . 
1	the headset was bulk packaging ,  and therefore i got knock off earbuds . 
0	after comparing he was pissed and thought the plastic ones should be returned . 
1	it looks and works just like the original cord i got with my phone when i purchased it . 
0	i used for num_num months and saw no results or change in skin firmness . 
1	this fourteen inch pan is marvelous !  the design is sleek and lovely ,  and the handle is long and elegant . 
0	but i strongly recommend you avoid buying it ,  for the reasons stated above . 
1	you can save those crumbs for later use . 
0	not !  !  !  !  my coffee was brewed at num_num and maintained around num_extend
1	i ve been wearing it all day and it is light and very comfortable . 
0	did someone forget how gravity works ?  perhaps it is made for another shape ,  but it didn t work for me . 
1	please have the model number ready when calling .   . 
0	the best i get now is num_extend between two computers plugged into this switch . 
1	normally protein powders will stick to the bottom or sides and not get blended in fully . 
0	the width of the bottom made it difficult to screw on and off for the humans  :   . 
1	i am constantly replacing chargers because they break are lost or stolen . 
0	one good thing about it though is that it is fragrance free which is nice . 
1	metal knob feels thinner ,  but going from memory here . 
0	it s a good idea ,  but it doesn t work nearly as well as you re led to believe . 
1	you don t need to use a pot or a timer . 
0	i tried it a couple of times just to makes sure . 
1	whatever the case ,  i am super happy with my purchase . 
0	now i only use this for temporary purposes  fry tanks ,  bring shrimp ,  etc .   . 
1	i just got this item and i have already enjoyed it very much . 
0	and lastly ,  the speaker went bad ,  giving only fuzzy ,  low fidelity sound . 
1	this is where conical burr grinders come in . 
0	says it itches and is too heavy ,  then adding a phone makes it even more heavy . 
1	i was looking for num_num things from this case and it fulfilled all of num_extend
0	i purchased an electric shaver as well ,  and will post a separate review . 
1	it adds a live audio function that for me is a deal maker . 
0	i bought this item because i wanted a compact dish dryer . 
1	received in timely manner ,  boxed with other items . this is a fairly heavy meat pounder . 
0	after a few months of use ,  the potentiometer in the switch starts malfunctioning . 
1	i love the practicality of flipping it open to start it . 
0	sunscreens are worse than processed foods  which i never consume  since there is no nutritional guide for sunscreens . 
1	however ,  the button on it doesn t work consistently . 
0	some people  like num_num and num_num year olds  think this game is sooo cool . 
1	i have used this with various phones and headsets and it still works num_num years later . 
0	it will also leave the cat s paws dirty as they work in them . 
1	second ,  you need to be sure to season this wok well before you use it . 
0	did the same thing an exfoliating scrub would but with way more mess . 
1	when you slide the dx into the dock ,  it will automatically start charging . 
0	i found that after one month there was practically no use for the dried out paper towels . 
1	i have not used it to poach eggs ,  so i don t know how that works . 
0	it s got a waxy feel to it and my hair is not soft or shiny . 
1	this provided a perfect solution to my problem . 
0	i wanted to wear these as indoor sweats . 
1	very handy ,  a must for cooks and bakers  . 
0	but the things gets scratched so easily that you are now dealing with an always scratched display . 
1	i had the otterbox before this case and loved it . 
0	i used it daily and followed the recommendations ,  and even after a month i noticed no difference . 
1	these things are great ,  usually you can t go wrong with anchor hocking and their products . 
0	the walgreen brand of this type of product works better than this brand does . 
1	do yourself a favor read the directions and follow them num_extend
0	i contacted hoover and i eventually received a new unit  we re talking num_num weeks later  . 
1	i ve been using these dishes for about three years now . 
0	as others have said pulp sprays out on the counter if you re not extremely careful . 
1	i really thought that it would voice command but it doesn t . 
0	the things about these ,  it s low on glitter . 
1	i have a num_extend blackberry charger and it works the same as this one . 
0	my first  and possibly last  order from this source was not a pleasant one . 
1	it has a good grip and i can plug in headphones and a charger without taking it off . 
0	i don t even call customer support anymore num_extend
1	professional or not ,  if you cook ,  you need this . 
0	cytosport muscle milk side effects are almost the same as cited above . 
1	beautiful brushed steel finish ,  good weight in the hand ,  and no sharp bits to cut yourself on  esp . 
0	if you don t believe me ,  just read the other reviews on this game . 
1	i figured this output based on charging my iphone num_num using the % remaining battery indicator . 
0	also ,  there are health problems associated with coffee that have little to do with acid . 
1	i knew what i was getting as my parents have had these for years . 
0	i don t know what it is ,  but my dog knows . 
1	just got up every morning and made one full pot . 
0	this toy lasted great for the first few months . 
1	this was a christmas gift for my husband . 
0	i punted and returned the piece of junk . p . s . 
1	i don t need the camera ,  but now you have no choice . 
0	this vest looked soo cool in the picture . 
1	i decided to try the presto popper even though i didn t like the idea of buying inserts . 
0	this game feels like if you went to buy a doom game but got alien resurrection with hell . 
1	i returned it to the panasonic service center locally and they said it was technically okay . 
0	you ll see it selling for about $ at some ebgames stores . 
1	i love a good ,  sturdy ceramic bowl ,  and this is just that . 
0	i ve purchased a hundred products from amazon and this is the first one that is a complete fubar . 
1	still a quality knife and i m proud to add it to my collection . 
0	it is in the box ready to go back . 
1	i ve waited so long to treat myself to this knife and i sure wasn t disappointed . 
0	at least you have to think and use strategy a little . as for the story mode . 
1	booyah !  i normally put my forks ,  plates ,  and other items in the drainer so things dry well . 
0	or have someone else who might be in the kitchen read it for me . 
1	they don t feel flimsy ,  and won t buckle under if pressed into the dough a little overzealously . 
0	well i wish i could rate this higher ,  my dog really loved it . 
1	touching ,  sliding and tapping to receive calls or dial call is a pain . 
0	it s going straight back and i m very disappointed . 
1	i purchased this for my son who has an android phone which he is constantly plugging in to recharge . 
0	it is way watery and i now only use it when i run out of my mac eyebrow gel . 
1	it actually makes the phone look more expensive . 
0	very cute ,  but you have to really pry it open to get at it . 
1	i drink a lot of tea and this kettle is the best . 
0	i think the biggest problem was that you couldn t just spend an hour here and there for this game . 
1	this pot is fast and easy to use . 
0	the stuff lasts what seems like forever ,  it didn t stop burning for hours . 
1	i ve been using it for num_num months so far . 
0	i purchased two different playtex bras with my order . 
1	and as a food storage system ,  it is even better than as a marinater . 
0	the plastic is flimsy and cheap and the key broke in the keyhole before the day s end . 
1	flip it over and you can chop veggies on it all day . 
0	i bought them almost as a toy ,  and still i m severely disappointed . 
1	also ,  recently they completely overhauled their website and they now have the user manual online . 
0	on the other hand ,  it was nice not to have to collect health packs . 
1	when i num_extend order my num_extend set the one i received didn t really work very well . 
0	all it has to do is spin a blade ,  that s it . 
1	compared to the apple microphone it is ginormous . 
0	on top of this ,  this powder is horribly wasteful . 
1	for the price we paid $ should it at least work for num_extend years ?  . 
0	i left them a message and they called me back once ,  but i was at work . 
1	i saw this compost bucket at my brother s house ,  and had to have one . 
0	it s effective during the day ,  but found to be the most recognized color at night  . 
1	so ,  if anything ,  my strainers are more in use then ever . 
0	this was definitely something they could have fun with but they cannot play with it without an adult . 
1	the wireless central brand flexi gel skin tpu glove is a great device . 
0	i thought this wipes would be quicker to use ,  but they are impossible to pull out of the container . 
1	great price very high quality both in metal parts and gasket . 
0	the original fuzion frenzy for xbox is an amazing game . 
1	i m always amazed at what i find in the canister . 
0	num_num of us tried for about num_num minutes to get the truck bed to stay ,  and it wouldn t . 
1	i suppose this may be for people who are deaf and can t hear when the coffee is made . 
0	this collar also keeps her from jumping on my little niece and nephew ,  and stops unnecessary barking . 
1	i highly recommend it . update october num_extend nearly three years the grinder still works like new . 
0	and the colored pencils that are included are bad quality as well . 
1	it is nice looking ,  durable and mostimportant it fits perfectly . 
0	this means that you will have to go through what is basically the same storyline three times . 
1	and what i liked was the fact that it did not spew steam all over the place . 
0	other than that ,  it does the trick for now . 
1	this battery has to be charged once a day . 
0	they need to pass along this type of engineering and quality to their other devices . 
1	you can also long press and use voice activation to make a call ,  if your phone offers that ability . 
0	we got red ,  does not match the room . 
1	we re remodeling our kitchen and needed somewhere to put the knives and this block really fits the bill . 
0	these would be a good  beater  pair of headphones like to wear at the beach or the pool . 
1	probably not up to par with the quality of a genuine apple product ,  but very reasonable none the less . 
0	all of the reviews i read raved about this product . 
1	if you ve ever worked in a professional kitchen then you re familiar with this model . 
0	something about an lp spinning on the platter better replicates the audible excitment of a live performance . 
1	this is a real deal on a great stockpot . 
0	i sent this stuff back ,  it didn t do anything for my silver . 
1	a food processor and a blender do process things very differently and now ,  i wouldn t be without either one . 
0	ok .  .  .  . this thing has a cool look to it ,  but that s about all . 
1	it s easy to clean with a rinse and a wipe  i object to any soap  . 
0	i ve taken these for num_num months ,  hoping to get some regrowth of bald areas . 
1	i don t think there is really much more i need to add to what people have already said . 
0	i would have purchased harold or another train . 
1	try it with the king arthur pasta flour . 
0	and ,  of course ,  if it isn t just right ,  it lets air out of the tire . 
1	plus as i noticed htc batteries just get hot way too much and way too easily . 
0	it has no intrinsic cleaning power of it s own beyond that of water . 
1	all in all a handy kitchen tool to have . 
0	the activating serum comes in a tiny tube and is an ugly grey color . 
1	just be prepared for a surprise when this unit arrives in a very small box . 
0	there is a lot of mixing of colors necessary . 
1	it has all the presence of something that will last a long time even with lots of use . 
0	never mind my first review ,  do not buy this spatula . 
1	i just thought i would add this comment so you can avoid my mistake . 
0	i have several issues with this iphone after using it for the last year . 
1	i can hear very clearly on my end . 
0	my second try the machine ate my animal and shredded the moon dough to pieces . 
1	my only complaint is that is does dribble one single drop down the front just like pouring wine . 
0	thank heaven there was no shipping charges for this . 
1	we make whole wheat pasta too in this at our house . 
0	very upset with this kind of business practice . 
1	sprint levies a $ surcharge on monthly usage fees for the evo . 
0	yes they did ,  it was a blast to watch him with this toy not sharing with the others . 
1	not a single thing that i am not happy with . 
0	in the case of the switch the concentrate is filtered sparkling water . 
1	egg whites stiffen up fast and very stiff . 
0	then comes the cherry on top :  it broke . 
1	then it needs to dry completely and then oiled . 
0	it does what it s supposed to do ,  leaves my hands clean but the smells leaves something to be desired . 
1	these are great ,  very strong and hold multiple papers unlike every other magnet i ve tried . 
0	the patch would basically rupture straight through after pumping up to num_extend
1	olive and other oils tends to build up and really stain the rubber and stick to it . 
0	for me ,  it only increased the mucus flow . 
1	feels cheap but has gone for multiple charges . 
0	it did not live up to what it was supposed to do . 
1	works great for talking and listening to music !  . 
0	i tried to use this flat iron but it seemed to pull my hair . 
1	i ve used skinomi brand for different devices ,  like nook color ,  ipad ,  iphone ,  and samsung num_extend and it s great . 
0	when your new one arrived it was put away also like the last one as a backup . 
1	i have one of these and actually bought this for my sister because she wanted one . 
0	this is one of those rare times when i genuinely regret shopping amazon instead of a local store . 
1	it is great for my longer robes and dresses . 
0	i bought two of these based on all the great reviews . 
1	in this particular style of oxo ,  i own just about every utensil . 
0	just opened num_num more packs and these seem dry and flaky like cake with too much flour . 
1	i don t know how it works with other things like tablets . 
0	after eating the first one ,  i thought maybe it was just that bar ,  however that wasn t the case . 
1	there is always something that needs to be stored . 
0	it was a good looking shoe but incorrectly sized . 
1	to switch thickness ,  all you have to do is flip the triangular insert . 
0	then in the late num_num levels all your contacts act like you are a nobody . 
1	the ka has only one lid ,  with the chute . 
0	this is a sugar free variant of a starburst or taffy . 
1	it fits perfectly into the num_num and num_num quart saucepans and num_num and num_num quart casseroles . 
0	if you cat needs extra calories ,  try baby food ,  the pure meat varieties . 
1	the voice sounds like a machine and doesn t flow very well . 
0	he fought the brushing process with his usual  stop pulling my hair or i ll bite you  demeanor . 
1	i can go on and on of its used . 
0	the controller sucks so bad that the super nintendo had more buttons . 
1	it is a feavy weight glass with a neat little handle . 
0	i ve contacted amazon s customer service several days ago asking what i should do ,  and did not receive any replies . 
1	i just find it a joy in my kitchen . 
0	whithin three months ,  the central area of the lcd blacked out . 
1	they last about num_num years or more if you take really good care of them . 
0	the  vibration  feature which is supposed to enhance bass y effects is absolutely horrific . 
1	but they don t tell you to use the tape . 
0	i like this style of shoe for work . 
1	imho they made a backward step by replacing the sleek original treo connector with the tungsten design connector . 
0	the pieces of wood are uneven and not strong . 
1	i read the reviews on this one ,  purchased it and have liked it a lot . 
0	so i d charge it every num_num months for one day each time . 
1	it is my first peeler ,  so i can hardly compare ,  but it works very well ,  very smooth . 
0	well ,  they always run away in this game . 
1	the vegies cut easy and it is just a great product . 
0	i ve also had problems with linksys  laptop card  but not microsoft s  . 
1	it s much more durable than it looks considering how light weight it is . 
0	the light still comes on but the phone won t charge . 
1	it took me about three minutes to put it together . 
0	i picked up a new in the package griffin usb charger from a big box store this morning . 
1	i like the ease of finding the aps ,  and the contacts . 
0	i called barlean s to find out whether all of the ingredients in barlean s greens is grown in the u . s . 
1	i m adding four more to my cart as we speak . 
0	i will then sell the replacement and use the money towards a num_extend num_extend
1	i m sure that our economy alone could use the help and stop our continued delay in our economic recovery . 
0	i was impressed with the quality and the fit . 
1	it came shipped in good condition and did not take long to assemble . 
0	i get the peach flavor ,  but zero tea flavor . 
1	i can talk while driving with a window partially open . 
0	i expected them to be more like thin chips than chunks of fruit . 
1	i am looking forward to making more very soon . 
0	he walks and makes noises ,  but that s it . 
1	it looks great and functions expertly !  !  !  couldn t be more satisfied !  . 
0	after a week ,  the metal color decoration is fall off very easily . 
1	i was pleasantly surprised to see how heavy the pan is . 
0	it s so loud i can t use it and watch tv as well . 
1	i don t understand the concern ,  the legs are quite stable . 
0	this is definetly a misleading title ,  it s more like resident evil num_extend
1	one of the first things you ll notice about this is that it is intelligently designed . 
0	the dog hair clogged the machine so it could not pick up anything . 
1	unfortunately that is maybe % of what i use a bluetooth device for . 
0	we have num_num family member who likes this so i m giving this num_num stars . 
1	i haven t had any problems with leakages ,  the lids are pretty tight . 
0	you get what you pay for i guess but this is really cheap clothing . 
1	a family could probably use a larger pan . 
0	before i will order a case of any food product from amazon . 
1	i have read several comments about loose screws on the handles . 
0	first of all ,  dust can never be eliminated since it is a stable particle . 
1	hooks are spaced well for hanging robes ,  etc . 
0	for some reason the box does not pass the id of the dns server back to its client . 
1	this is a nice little pan ,  and it will still serve num_num to num_num people . 
0	but i had a green one and the same thing happened to it . 
1	after all ,  i was able to buy a num_extend of wall dogs for about $ locally . 
0	it was the worse possible mistake i could have ever made . 
1	voila !  in just a few seconds ,  everything is ground to perfection . 
0	i guess that earns both companies a black eye . 
1	or use one of the flat disk filters . 
0	sort of works ,  if you are lucky ,  but its slow and unreliable . 
1	this is num_num and you won t be able to find a new model with wood handles . 
0	the first thing i do whenever i get any pet treats is checkout the back of the bag . 
1	it is still usable ,  i just wish it didn t curl . 
0	however ,  some people had some gripes about the way the text appeared on the screen . 
1	it is so well that it makes it makes it easy to set up and easy to clean . 
0	these cars have you twist the entire car to wind it . 
1	it is so fun to froth your milk for coffee . 
0	i ve had num_num rechargeable battery packs that wont hold a charge . 
1	my phone screen now looks great and bubble free . 
0	putting them on i can see then pulling thin at every seam already . 
1	we have had an egg cooker for nearly num_num years . 
0	unbalanced difficulty levelsas you can see ,  i would not spend num_num dollars on this game if i were you . 
1	saves me from buying cheesecloth to accomplish the same result . 
0	fish owners ,  stop wasting your money on this product and buy seachem prime . 
1	it neater and cleaner to eat a cupcake with a liner too . recommend . 
0	i have no idea what kind of `chemicals  are in it . 
1	it was very easy to learn to use and i use it every time i use my fancy knives . 
0	cantu works just as well and is much cheaper in my opinion . 
1	as are all the cuisinart chef s classic hard anodized i have purchased . 
0	i am writing reviews on the version v everywhere i can find an audience . 
1	i did not use the plastic yogurt container . 
0	it is the first time i tried trotters . 
1	it is a little fragile and must not be treated like an ordinary steel fork . 
0	i have never been so frustrated with a game that has potential yet failed so miserably . 
1	it brews quickly ,  and its very hot ,  which can be both a good and bad thing . 
0	i wish i did not buy this cup and never will by a cup again . 
1	they cost a little more than regular bags but to can readly see and smell the difference . 
0	don t waste your time with this particular product or shipper . yes ,  it does work . 
1	very helpful with a heavy cell phone uses that does not keep their phone plugged in for charging . 
0	what a monster to use  .  . the eye ball keeps falling off because the rotating support is so week . 
1	easy to setup and comfortable fit ,  good sound quality and looks good . 
0	wonderful huh ? it cooked a perfect burger in about num_num minutes . 
1	the thickness of the metal make these shell pans very stiff ,  and they should endure many years of use . 
0	plus the number of  is this useful votes  is usually less than num_num votes . 
1	this is a great replacement that should not break . 
0	now i had to call out a pluber because the toilet paper was not breaking down . 
1	i actually pulled the trigger too fast on this item . 
0	i picked this game up for $ and i plan to get my money back from it . 
1	like making a sandwich or cutting up some fruit . 
0	 this last because the fartshows at amazon require num_num words to describe what num_num will do .   . 
1	this is a very versatile product and you won t be disappointed . 
0	by the end of the first mission ,  i thought that i could easily evade any baddies along the trip . 
1	i am happy and ready to cook bacon anytime !  i ordered a num_extend one to give to my brother . 
0	no matter how much of this concoction i mixed into my water ,  it failed to taste like sweet tea . 
1	i spent a bit more on the razr ,  but it was reasonable . 
0	the fit is quite tight but with patient adjustment can be made acceptable . 
1	i was very happy to receive this product for review . 
0	i have the frye veronica slouch extended calf boots and they fit great . 
1	their shape is very good for the task at hand . 
0	it will take tons of patience and consistency to see some results . 
1	the pans were in good shape and i have baked several cakes already . 
0	i have been playing hockey video games since before they had nhlpa permission to use the players names . 
1	in summary ,  this is a very nice ,  stable stand and i recommend it . 
0	if you like peanuts i recommend getting a jar of peanuts and skipping this product . 
1	this are very durable and should last a long time . 
0	luckily the kayak hadn t fallen off the car and caused any damage or hurt anyone . 
1	so while it wasn t leaking yet ,  i worried that it might in the future . 
0	so this was not a great product and the reviews never mentioned this . 
1	the forma sink tray is well built ,  sturdy and well dimensioned for its function . 
0	i use old plastic grocery bags for this purpose . 
1	as other reviewers have done ,  this knife will probably be used for other things besides bread . 
0	i had commanche gold but that was good for beginers . 
1	she loves the red at first it looks pink but once on its a bright red . which won her over . 
0	will undoubtedly throw it away before too long . 
1	all in all ,  i m very happy with this headset . 
0	i am a rarity ,  but i hate essie polish . 
1	i needed a metal one for hot liquids . 
0	not sure if it was this or the machine used with it . 
1	so you will have to experiment with timing your waffles too . 
0	my beef is with the cost of support . 
1	you don t need a third hand to hold the funnel or to properly vent the air while pouring . 
0	it s a cute idea ,  but it s not worth the money at any price . 
1	my children just counted .  .  . i have made over num_num crepes in my life . 
0	this is the most dissapointing pc game i have bought in quite a while . 
1	purchased this after having a terrible experience at a local shabu shabu restaurant down the street from us . 
0	it cost only num_num bucks so i was not to upset when the case cracked after a month . 
1	i use powdered dish soap and there s always a white residue on the bottom of the grill plates . 
0	i m going to try it at num_num yards to see if it s any better . 
1	my company was quite impressed to have their own salt and pepper set . 
0	i seriously could have found something more entertaining at the dollar store . 
1	our old toaster was only num_num years old . 
0	i thought that otterboxes were supposed to be durable . 
1	fun to create homeade food .  . amazon is the best ,  and it was shipped so fast ,  we were shocked . have fun cooking . 
0	it worked fine ,  the scanning was fine and the software for editing pictures etc . 
1	i will be calphalon for life after this pan . 
0	i started using the unit only when answering a call while driving ,  for short conversations . 
1	my ipad and iphone are never been died before during business trips . 
0	i would not recommend this carpet cleaner to anyone !  . 
1	considering this was so inexpensive ,  go for it . 
0	the controls are so bad that i found myself ready to throw my game boy advance down . 
1	the first time out i didn t know what the heck was going on . 
0	if it was as stated ,  i am sure i would have liked it much ,  much more . 
1	but out of the starting gate ,  it looks promising . 
0	the acting is not as bad as people make it out to be . 
1	it s not thing so great but it does protect the headset when not wearing it . 
0	it went back to amazon for a full refund . 
1	i bought a few of these to get away from plastic for my pantry goods . 
0	i used the light a few times around the house when i couldn t find another flashlight . 
1	the blade savers not only save my knifes but my fingers as well . 
0	zero results and i was very disciplined in taking these tablets . 
1	or you can pair you and your significant others and never have to worry about it . 
0	these sponges smell awful and for us it hasbeen going on for years . 
1	expect to shell out well over num_num for that . this is num_num dollars and just fine for my towel needs . 
0	however ,  they failed to mention that it was completely inaccessible . 
1	i m happy to say that i am very happy with this coffeemaker . 
0	was kinda shocked to see what it really was once it arrived . 
1	also ,  i was able to get more than one clove in it .  .  . another plus . 
0	makes me cramp up and feel like needles in my stomach ,  dont reccommend it . 
1	built in led flashlight and laser pointer are a plus . 
0	however ,  the trade off is that it doesn t do a very good job of keeping the ammonia levels down . 
1	these work very well and form a nice seal . 
0	this product  version num_extend works with my num_extend and num_extend
1	so i had no qualms ordering this product from amazon . 
0	i make the egg free version of the chocolate and it s fantastic . 
1	this new one has a nice big brush that does the job . 
0	the boxes of num_num look identical on the outside . 
1	i bought mine in num_extend and it is still working like the day i first plugged it in . 
0	it says with ceramic on the title but this isn t like the ceramic curling iron i recently purchased . 
1	i don t like walking around all day with one in my ear . 
0	luckily it didn t make me break out or anything . 
1	it conducts heat so evenly ,  so the food gets cooked beautifully . 
0	i bought this because it was one of the few external antennas that offered both am and fm reception . 
1	my local vacuum store talked me into this one and i am very pleased . 
0	they offered me % off an item on the leapfrog website . 
1	this measuring cup lives up to the quality i expect from pyrex . 
0	there are many better canister stoves on the market . 
1	this product is very useful and has many more applications than just straining num_extend
0	i believed i was ordering a three pack . 
1	my slicing skills have been kicked up a notch . 
0	straight out of the packaging ,  the scent was powerful . 
1	now i know that i don t have to spend a lot of money to get something nice and cute !  . 
0	a few times ,  it has popped open while being shuffled around in my locker ,  dropping mouthguard on the floor . 
1	with the popper we ordered for the microwave these have to be used in it . 
0	i dont know if this is common with netgear products ,  but this one is not worth the price . 
1	my package was poorly saran wrapped ,  scotch taped close and all the text and materials were in chinese . 
0	it brought back bad behavior which he had stopped before using this product ,  and made him act more hyper . 
1	they fit both this headset and my ears perfectly . 
0	i don t think that is a good thing to do to games . 
1	i ve been laying on it for an hour and it is still very cool . 
0	i m always looking for new snacks to spoil my mini dachshund ,  so i bought these at petsmart yesterday . 
1	this microplane zester works beautifully ,  far and away better than my box grater . 
0	i never put them too loud and never dropped them . 
1	i have cooked so many things in it i can t list . 
0	i bought this for my mother and aunt ,  and was actually a little embarrassed when we tried it out . 
1	i ve been interested in making cheese for a long time . 
0	they make a few different sizes and types . 
1	i love the color and like having it on the counter with my red mixer . 
0	i guess it would be good for smoothing top layer hair . 
1	slotted shakers ,  for me ,  are better for freshly grated cheese . 
0	these are very low quality cables and the female end is a joke . 
1	i ll leave all the fancy chopping and dicing to the professional . 
0	i ll never use it again and it s going straight into the garbage . 
1	i can hang jeans and cargo pants on them with no issues . 
0	tiny !  !  !  i bought these as a christmas gift for my brother s cat . 
1	good thing i can be ambidextrous when needed . 
0	i found this to not be worth the money . 
1	the extra bowl also helps if i m in a hurry and don t want to totally chill the mix . 
0	i got num_num of these for my num_num yr old twins  bdays . 
1	the salad shooter is easy to take apart and the cutters are dish washer compatible . 
0	some of us also have dial up and refuse to leave it . 
1	it is made out of cheap plastic so when dropped it will break . 
0	i like bold ,  strong coffee and i drink it black . 
1	a nice coffee machine when you are the only decaf drinker in the office . 
0	who ever engineered control switches must of hated home electronic fans . 
1	but i now have one of work and for home . 
0	now i have to charge everything from my computer . 
1	this is a brand new product from new trent . 
0	great concept ,  but just didn t work for us . 
1	my mother in law died num_num years ago . 
0	the graphics are horrible and are worse than any game i have ever played . 
1	it would also make a great base for a tower of kitchen items gift . 
0	they work ,  but are not as good as the other clips i got . 
1	the reviews of this thing are all over the place . 
0	i am not an aquarium pro by no means . 
1	at $ on the friday sale ,  including free shipping ,  it s hard to believe there would be any complaints . 
0	i followed the directions and applied the product . 
1	if you still are using a droid bionic ,  having additional batteries is a must . 
0	if it had less sugar and more protein ,  i d recommend it . gunner june ,  num_extend
1	but so far overall ,  it s been holding up num_extend years  and it really is a workhorse . 
0	thirsty ?  stop ,  take it off ,  have a drink ,  put it on . 
1	i ve had mine for a year now and it still works perfectly . 
0	by using a larger propane tank num_extend i save time ,  money and the environment . update :  failed after num_num months use . 
1	i m curious to see if it will rust at all ,  time will tell . 
0	it arrived with a short and cannot be returned as i waited too long . 
1	it s not exactly annoying ,  or even distracting ,  but it could be a bit more dim . 
0	not bright enough for night light ,  but works ok as indicators . 
1	we have been totally converted to french press coffee . 
0	since this hose is right next to my front door ,  i have to have some sort of reel . 
1	this significantly reduces the  stale air  in my apartment . 
0	however ,  those usually break sooner than later ,  so i am happy . 
1	wow !  i tried this with some amount of skepticism . 
0	point blank ,  they sound great ,  but no more then half way up ,  or these suckers are breaking up . 
1	it is always necessary to lower the bowl and stir ingredients and then remix . 
0	i was terribly disapointed to see the bad quality of the pictures that i ve taken . 
1	it s construction is sturdy ,  it s definitely built to last . 
0	this stevia tastes worse than the old formula of nunaturals . 
1	this is the latest of the  h  series . 
0	i bought this thinking it would be nice to eat a spaghetti that was gluten free and not expensive . 
1	this is a quality product i m very happy with . 
0	i definitely won t be buying anymore of this . 
1	plus ,  i love that the can opener doesn t touch any of the food . 
0	was told i was in the wrong queue and put in another queue for num_num minutes more . 
1	after num_num years and two teen age boys who now have their own children ,  the handle assembly finally broke . 
0	if you re used to regular butler creek caps ,  you won t like these . 
1	received this thermos as a replacement of an old one . 
0	the ones that popped were tough and tasteless . 
1	emtying the bin is easy and doesn t make a big mess . 
0	you replied and i explained in simple terms what was wrong . 
1	this does the trick and doesn t take up much space in the kitchen . 
0	i have ,  in the past ,  positively reviewed other stash flavors ,  ginger lemon and holiday chai . 
1	overall ,  i ve been very pleased with the phone . 
0	the graphics are bad and after you beat it once you don t want to ever beat it again . 
1	however ,  given how cheap they are ,  i think it s a great value . 
0	i can take the temp a few times in the exact same place ,  and it is never the same . 
1	plenty of steam to last for an hour of cleaning . 
0	immunity ?  well i didn t get sick ,  but then i haven t had a cold or the flu in several years . 
1	i got this when it was $ and did not expect all of the features that it has . 
0	that s a real shame because my dogs could see him out the window and were absolutely fascinated by him . 
1	holds a lot of pepper corns and has different grinds . 
0	you pick liu kang as your playable character again . 
1	but i think it stabilizes my oven temp .  ,  too . 
0	it did not do anything to improve the taste of my food . 
1	the only complaint i have is that the rolling pin cover is way too long . 
0	the num_extend sucks so bad it s not even funny . 
1	it correctly automatically starts the music player on my motorola droid  original  . 
0	descale the machine but i can t believe what a rip off they are . 
1	the cord is num_extend long; however ,  that is from the wall to the bottom of the canister . 
0	i must of not read the full description of this product before i bought it . 
1	i just put in some water and a little dish soap and wash with my wand . 
0	these things lasted no time with my girls num_extend player . 
1	it did not , however ,  do well in the dishwasher ,  which surprised me ,  since it s made to go into boiling water . 
0	this thanksgiving i went to my sisters ,  she made gravy with zanthan gum . 
1	if you have any concerns about buying a phonedevil product do not . 
0	it has some good features ,  but the combat is far too slow to enjoy them . 
1	for the exact recipe go the food network :   .  .  .   . 
0	this system is a product liability case waiting to happen . 
1	i like that they were delivered within a week and getting num_num for that great price is wonderful . 
0	i got extremely sick of replacing it time and time again . 
1	it cleans up easily and does it s job . 
0	this time ,  i wanted to avoid the trouble of cutting them into small pieces for my small dogs . 
1	it would be so helpful when shopping for an item like this . 
0	this game would take about about an hour to play if the controls and weapons were at all responsive . 
1	it is a single person s best friend and is of great quality as well . 
0	hope king bio company will stand behind product and refund . 
1	this can opener is fantastic !  it is so easy to use . 
0	i decided to buy this because i heard it is important to keep the console cool . 
1	if you don t want to spend a lot ,  are getting started or whatever ,  you can t go wrong with forschner . 
0	the reviews i payed attention to were people who worked ,  and on their feet for more than num_num hours . 
1	i watched how to do it on youtube and then followed the instructions and replaced it . 
0	the heads are placed inside ,  followed by the dvd or cd you want to clean ,  laying above them . 
1	it finally gave out  after num_num moves across three continents .  .  . i can t complain  . 
0	then it dried out and felt sticky and not in a good way . 
1	i don t have this phone charger anymore but it worked great . 
0	the dirt devil bags are constructed better and were easier to find . 
1	very good audio reports from those i am talking to . 
0	i wonder if anybody ever actually uses these seats at the manufacturer before they sell one . 
1	also ,  very easy to clean and comes with batteries . 
0	go buy a num_num watt roland cube at least you can play some clean guitar also . 
1	it includes the meat grinder ,  slicer ,  shredder ,  pouring shield ,  with slicing and shredding cones . 
0	this product works by making more oxygen at the skin ,  which makes you tan quicker and more . 
1	i wish i had purchased one of these years ago . 
0	my left headphone dropped it s volume level about %
1	this was the right product at the right price . 
0	then ,  i went to linksys support and downloaded their latest version of the easy connect software . 
1	i also have the num_num inch chef s knife and it is equally terrific . 
0	we used this kettle num_num times before a rust spot appeared on the bottom of the inside . 
1	not sure if this typical for garlic presses ,  but really ,  no big deal to do this . 
0	the product pictures ,  and price ,  make you think it is made from high grade plastic or metal . 
1	i use it for lifting ,  scraping ,  scooping and even slicing . 
0	i opened the lid and there was no aroma . 
1	the entire thing is so tiny  pleasantly so in fact  ,  it took me by surprise . 
0	the plastic grows a slimy film of bacteria . 
1	i had two egg rings that were given to me by my brother years ago . 
0	ya you heard me right ,  it doesn t stick on properly . 
1	what can i say ?  it works .  .  . and at a fraction of the price of the samsung branded device . 
0	the bra fit ,  but it doesn t hold me very well . 
1	it doesn t look very sturdy but it actually gives the righ amount of protection . 
0	i have had to restart this thing up to num_num times just to brew num_num pot of coffee . 
1	voice commands work wonderfully ,  as does the main control button . 
0	after i assembled it ,  the device did not work . 
1	worth the upgrade over the cheaper strainers out there that are looking for a reason to get bent up . 
0	i have upper thoracic and lower lumbar back problems . 
1	i had read everyone s warning about the confusing  push  label when unpacking ,  so i avoided that mistake . 
0	my brita spacesaver pitcher is a daily hassle . 
1	i really appreciate the quick response to the inquiry ,  and the good quality of the product . 
0	i bought this june of num_num for our rv . 
1	they are great !  cleanup is extremely easy ,  and food comes out great . 
0	there are veggie chips out there with just a touch of light olive or sunflower oil . 
1	before i finally installed air conditioning ,  i used this fan . 
0	the cd player itself is in need of repair . 
1	the led on light is dim and not annoyingly bright like the amazon charger . 
0	i liked the sensible foods brand much better . 
1	they respond to email inquiries immediately and politely . 
0	i am a tea drinker ,  and i enjoy most teas . 
1	it s decent on the internet ,  and you can do a lot with this phone . 
0	i remember when bike computers were really expensive ,  but at least those worked . 
1	but in general ,  i find it too big . 
0	not a very quality item even for $
1	num_num years have past since i bought this item ans is still working excelent . 
0	it seems like a good idea . i bought this hoping to make our daily egg regiment better but it hasn t . 
1	i bought mine to use as a pizza paddle for my toaster oven . 
0	now ,  they expect me to pay for shipping even if the product is defective . 
1	it s not that the silicone case is not good ,  it is excellent . 
0	mine does not work ,  it s brand new ,  shipped from amazon  so no blame on some third part seller  . 
1	it does work for my sandisk sansa num_extend player . 
0	i don t use the water hopper anymore and just simply fill the dish . 
1	i heard you can make your own tomato sauce ,  which i haven t done yet . 
0	trying to replace a heavy duty rubbermaid large drainer board with the drain channels parallel to the longest side . 
1	the bluetooth is comfortable but not for a long period of time . 
0	this item lives up to the saying ,   you get what you pay for  . 
1	i also think it is an attractive addition to my kitchen . 
0	this is probably the worst product i have ever used . 
1	it worked wonderfully but it took up so much room on my counter and also ,  the results varied . 
0	i purchased a simpletech backup hard drive to ensure that all of my files were safely backed up . 
1	picked this up for a num_extend phone and it works wonders . 
0	i am not please with the product or the time it took to receive it . 
1	they all say ,  its a lifetime piece . it is just alright . 
0	grandma lucy s has excellent quality products ,  but i just don t think dogs need cane juice . 
1	i like how it form fits to the phone and is easy to remove . 
0	you just don t expect these to be made of hard plastic and so small . 
1	i don t like the taste of coffee that has been kept on a burner or num_extend
0	they are shorter than normal which makes for difficult use . 
1	i use it every single day as i have many lodge cast iron pans . 
0	i gave this to my parent s cat who s normally very playful . 
1	it also comes with a medium dome cover . 
0	the shirt doesn t hold its shape and the wrinkling is terrible . 
1	it goes the entire width from one side to the other with ease . 
0	i weighed them and they re about num_num lb num_extend
1	i ll leave the finer points to the more eloquent reviews . 
0	horrible scratchy velcro always in the way or doubling pad onto itself . 
1	there are no additional ear buds that come with it . 
0	first let me say that i absolutely loved the first dragon warrior and the last ,  which is part num_extend
1	no hand held need ,  no dialing need with voice dialing . 
0	these coveralls are supposed to keep you warm and dry when riding a motorcycle . 
1	it makes it very hard to see the screen . 
0	had to purchase another item that would work . 
1	this is one area where i think the roomba falls a little bit short of conventional vacuum cleaners . 
0	we bought these to attach speaker wires to the ceiling and wall . 
1	the stopper now closes easily and securely each time . 
0	i bought num_num and both stop working within num_num months . 
1	so ,  i got it and it has not disappointed me . 
0	sharp cat nail clippers do the job nicely . 
1	this sim isnt working on my sony ericsson . 
0	you do the same old thing over and over until you can t take it anymore . 
1	my kids have grown and left home but they ate a lot of meals out of the turbo cooker . 
0	so ,  i shipped the lens on december num_extend
1	don t let negative reviews or price fool you !  . 
0	i shampoo my hair ,  deep condition ,  condition my hair and so on . 
1	the recipes in the accompanying book are tasty and other recipes work well with this machine . 
0	first ,  it s an easy to install gamepad and looks very promising . 
1	amazon s prices and promo discount made this possible . 
0	i ve been disappointed as i see no difference in behavioral at all . 
1	so ,  of course ,  i had to get another one . 
0	there are a ton of chemicals and additives added . 
1	so what if you have to be a little careful when laying the pasta on the sticks . 
0	i am always looking for the best ,  most high end tea . 
1	i would have done this anyways ,  but i find the practice deceptive . 
0	was hoping for a roll that replaces the good old one made from wheat flour . 
1	oh ,  and since the unit doubles as a headset ,  you can listen to music stored on your phone . 
0	the opening is wide for pants and come about mid cafe range . 
1	i add some cold water to make the coffee drinkable . 
0	we use it in soup ,  side dishes etc . 
1	this pot is a made in china all clad product ,  not just the lid ,  but the entire pot . 
0	you have to really press hard to get a good amount of black on your lid . 
1	don t know how i lived without it until now . 
0	on a particularly hot day ,  this is a definate no go . 
1	so when you are finished you have a circular shaped spiral of pineapple with the core cut out . 
0	this is another toy that hit the trash can early . 
1	way better that the rarberware product i ve been struggeling with . 
0	great ! received the replacement ,  but alas ,  the same thing happened !  it s dead ,  less than num_num weeks after receiving it . 
1	this spoon is a great all around spoon ,  besides a basting spoon . 
0	i bought this to keep them up but it didn t work at all . 
1	i decided to give it a try with this small pan ,  because it was decently priced . 
0	i ve been looking for a longer lasting chew that s more exciting than antlers ,  and this is definitely not it . 
1	having said that ,  i d rather have had a shorter case; as it is ,  it s needlessly long . 
0	i am sorry i bought it at all . 
1	this case is similar to the iphone num_num otterbox reflix series . 
0	soon as i plugged it up it burned out . 
1	plus ,  if it starts to get dull ,  its one of the easiest knives to sharpen . 
0	i ordered num_num of these bcos i love the colors . 
1	it is difficult to turn on or off without removing the headset . 
0	yes ,  it s more than twice the volume of the product it holds and that is deceptive . 
1	so far ,  i ve been very pleased with the oven . 
0	really ?  who blends this stuff and decides that it is good ?  ugh . 
1	i suggest ordering a charger when you buy these batteries . 
0	we were looking for a healthier alternative and cheaper way of having our favorite snack without sacrificing taste . 
1	i ve had this pan for over num_num years now . 
0	i have never used it because the material is so slippery that it comes off every five seconds . 
1	it accurately fits into i phone num_num screen . installation is easy . no glare ,  it does resists scratches . 
0	bought a similar tool made from a different manufacturer and it worked perfect . 
1	i have never owned or used a cast iron skillet . 
0	it scratches very easily when compared with other brands that i have used . 
1	there is barely any garlic left in the press after you use it . 
0	i m shocked by the difference in quality and i am upset about having wasted money on this crate . 
1	i did what i could to work them out . 
0	i hope you can make a kettle like this but out of safe materials . 
1	this holster is the best that i have found yet . 
0	i do not understand why manufacturers continue to include toxic chemicals in products for pets to ingest . 
1	no more worries of the hooks coming out of the eye rings . 
0	my cat shook his head while i was administering it . 
1	i will buy more of these if i ever lose mine ,  as they have held up well . 
0	the controls are limited and clumsy  but the buttons are pressure sensative ,  which is kind of cool  . 
1	it s not in the way of my chair either . 
0	not sure if it s suppose to be silent to humansand only dogs hear it ,  but it isn t silent . 
1	it fits in the window ,  the fan is powerful enough and it has a thermostat . 
0	one suction cup works better than the other . 
1	i m still perplexed and peeved that the cable isn t compatible . 
0	i took it off one time and the side broke . 
1	this is a heavy ,  thick ,  huge cast iron skillet . 
0	these are very low quality spoons and not worth purchasing . 
1	very compatible to the otterbox !  daughter dropped phone num_num times and it has no dents . 
0	anyways ,  he wouldn t drink it and i had to toss my cup down the drain too . 
1	filling it is a breeze as compared to others in dept stores . 
0	however ,  they are much smaller than i anticipated . 
1	this pops nearly all of the popcorn up . 
0	as a result ,  i found it near impossible to steer . 
1	need a small vacuum to do quick jobs then this is what you need !  . 
0	my whole kitchen is filled with oxo products ,  so i thought that i would try this . 
1	i would absolutely recommend this yogurt maker and would purchase again . 
0	and yes ,  i wash the mug at the end of the day with hot soapy water . 
1	put the hot food into a clean jar freshly rinsed out with scalding water and put the lid on . 
0	the matches are not water proof as i expected . 
1	and this is as perfect at the old one . 
0	the cats are bringing me the birds in exchange for another can of cat food . 
1	there is no other bluetooth to compare with the quality of sound and reliability . 
0	the carry them around but really cheering on then they don t . 
1	not dishwasher safe ,  and should not be used with soup ,  cream ,  milk ,  or sugar . conclusion . 
0	the same thing happened to both of them ,  too . 
1	if you have a dutch oven this is a must own . 
0	if someone wants to buy from this store think about it first . 
1	this item did use the term  reflective  in the product description . 
0	since i went directly to their website ,  i was responsible for postage . 
1	the oxo good grips cake tester is a great buy . 
0	i will continue to try to find a way to enjoy the remaining cups of espresso . 
1	i ve never had a griddle before ,  always getting by with frying pans . 
0	bought to use in sony num_extend but it won t fit so had to return . 
1	i find these invaluable under homemade pound cakes . 
0	so if we gerryrigged our machines we could have one perfect machine rather than two lousy machines . 
1	which for me being so new i thought it was talking about pressure canning . 
0	the first squeaker to stop working was the orange one . 
1	i will be getting another pair of these soon as a matter of fact . 
0	the bean farmer or the libby s ,  who cans them . 
1	my records fit perfectly and do not need to be at an angle ,  they are all upright . 
0	the documentation for using this product is pathetic . 
1	but the num_extend gorilla glass is still perfect after two weeks so i ll go without a screen protector . 
0	instead the programmers decided to have the characters constantly  chew gum  while the voice track is played . 
1	i always wanted one and have zero regrets having purchased it . 
0	this would just be annoying ,  but it gets worse . 
1	it frees up a lot of counter space . 
0	if you manage to get it on ,  your afraid of taking it off . 
1	using the same amount of coffee and water ,  we get a great ,  smooth ,  strong cup of coffee . 
0	the syma helicopter even lands rather than crashing !  i can t say enough good things about the syma helicopter . 
1	i ll give an update if it breaks or chips like many other reviewers ,  but until then ,  great case . 
0	it s a few hours of fun for fans of the show ,  but the difficulty level is a joke . 
1	i ve even brewed it the night before so i would have hot coffee upon waking . 
0	look else where for a better shine product . 
1	that alone is worth the price of admission . 
0	spend the same amount for a more popular manufacturer . 
1	this is a great product and was an indulgence after using beans or just not using anything . 
0	i took the cover off ,  but the windowshield wiper prohibits it from sitting on the wheel fully . 
1	the elixir of life ,  first thing in the morning . 
0	hire some coders who can make the artwork something other than ameturish and you may just have something . 
1	i had been looking a very long time for a tenderizer that penetrated the meat ,  without smashing it . 
0	just weights my curls down rather than giving them shape . 
1	this  salad shooter  does excellently at shredded cheese . 
0	after read some good review ,  i decided to buy this dvd player . 
1	i was just a little surprised by how short it is . 
0	the difference is this doesn t work with any predictability . 
1	in my opinion this is a simple ,  inexpensive little workhorse that i use several times each week . 
0	we are both much happier now that she is housebroken for the outside . 
1	i ordered this to go with the other pieces that i have sitting out on my counter . 
0	i use the  music   ipod  app ,  and audible  audiobooks  app . 
1	i like the ergonomics of this product and i think others would as well . 
0	i got this lotion thinking it s gonna be great . 
1	he has a motorola droid num_extend and i have a htc thunderbolt . 
0	we are vegan ,  and the labeling on this floss if very misleading . 
1	this frother is a must for the serious coffee drinker . dec . 
0	definitely was a waste of money and time . 
1	well the num_num was not worth it so we returned it and got this one . 
0	it s also my favorite and least favorite . here are a list of pros and cons . 
1	i am very happy with this improvement on the x . 
0	there wasnt enough action to keep him interested too long and it didnt always recognize the right discs . 
1	it looks much more expensive than it really is ,  and it matches my current set perfectly . 
0	num_num scoop of the sunwarrior brand added in makes the green drink deliciously sweet and yummy . 
1	i have not had any problems with warping . 
0	when i first pulled it out of the box i thought i had finally found a good one . 
1	hamburger patties take very little time at all . definitely recommend this griddle . 
0	cut away each area around the light pipes slowly and you may get them out without losing them . 
1	so it is my guess that it was how she rolled the dough out . 
0	this may be too tasking for some youngsters who just want to have creative fun . 
1	great fit ,  fine protection ,  and just the right amount of grip . 
0	the questions are creative and it would get people talking and laughing . 
1	kids using it for entertainment when she s not using it to make and receive calls don t help . 
0	easy to pair ,  great prompts ,  and loves my note num_extend just frustrating . 
1	as a large chested gal ,  my bras are like my babies . 
0	the top of the feather toy comes off it s hook ,  so you can t use it any more . 
1	the only drawback is that my friends keep trying to steal them . 
0	boo hoo ,  my poor dollars went pay for this swiveling piece of crapolla . 
1	i also haven t had any problems with rust like i have had with some of my cookie cutters . 
0	some of the weapons are quite cool ,  but i had some problems . 
1	but the unit does perform as it should . 
0	thank you again magellan . fortunately ,  magellan is not the only choice . 
1	i d recommend something to put over the blade ,  as this comes with no protection . 
0	even if you do work it out ,  reset is a joke . 
1	waking in the morning to the smell of coffee that has automatically brewed on schedule is a delight !  . 
0	i won t say that i had to choke it down ,  but it wasn t very far from that . 
1	the lids also have a definite impact on keeping things fresh longer . 
0	that s just not good sausage making . don t get this product . 
1	i still use cooking oils ,  but everything slides right out with just a bit of it . 
0	my car antenna is about num_extend away from my center console . 
1	nothing that can t be amended ,  but for $ they couldn t throw in another num_extend
0	don t buy these if you expect to do a lot of outdoor walking in them . 
1	and; my wife loves the lighted motorola symbol . 
0	can t do that here . the phone does not support an international character set out of the box . 
1	looked for a long time before i found this . 
0	i may have a shop drill and tap the stud . 
1	uhura with a giant ear piece in startrek . 
0	but one draw back is when you are fighting a major boss you cannot use your guns . 
1	also it is not as big as some of the newer foreman . 
0	stuff will somehow  roll  down a perfectly flat area of land . 
1	she filled the container num_num times on the first use  entire house  and loves it . 
0	anybody know a phone company with unlimited everything for a low price who makes good phones ,  let me know . 
1	i got this grill at a discounted price  for $ at amazon . 
0	my dog had this apart within num_num mins of it being out of the package . 
1	so a standard roll of wax paper can make num_num squares with a num_extend strip of waste left over . 
0	you pretty much drive from one location to the next and complete missions .  .  . kinda of boring missions too . 
1	the rubber seemed to be better attached ,  and the earphones fit in the ears more securely . 
0	you are advertising that your oster blades have a agion coating ,  which is false . 
1	they wash up great in the dishwasher ,  are easy to grip and look good on the table . 
0	ok ,  they get one star for being attractive . 
1	the unique  vertical  steam feature allows you to remove wrinkles from a garment while it is hanging . 
0	i was anxious to try this item because i hoped the ginger would help quell my morning sickness . 
1	i have it set for one ring tome just to alert me and then it answers . 
0	i ve had somewhat similar food but not quite like this . 
1	i haven t used these on a grill outside yet ,  but i m sure these would be perfect for that . 
0	i want to keep my baby healthy and around for years to come . 
1	this attachment certainly cuts the time and efforts down to nothing . 
0	 god cannot create the exact replica of most beautiful things but apple num_extend
1	the cakes released from the pans easily without damage after cooling and looked terrific . 
0	the components were packed without damage ,  but that s the highest compliment i can give . 
1	actually ,  it works so well that i don t care what it costs . 
0	it has no educational value ,  the same song is played and it simply spins . 
1	i like the idea of having a pen and tablet stylus in one product . 
0	i ve noticed this trend in lawn care products recently and i don t like it . 
1	also ,  the apple bumper won t cause this film to peel up at the edges  unlike the invisibleshield  . 
0	beware .  .  .  . and it appears i m not the only one with problems . 
1	i got this product after having homemade popcorn with the sir crazy at a friend s house . 
0	i believe it was because they were on the large size . 
1	before this i had to carry a kettle of boiling water upstairs . 
0	mirror ?  what mirror ?  maybe i read it wrong because this thing only looks like a screen protector ,  no mirror . 
1	but if you plan to use it a few times a week ,  it is probably a safe buy . 
0	i would not recommend purchasing this if you are expecting something young and fresh . 
1	 gave it to her early because she was baking us cookies  . 
0	outside of driving the warthog ,  i felt that the controls were relatively easy to learn and use . 
1	even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions . 
0	the device i received appeared to have been damaged and reassembled . 
1	i can basically shave any kind of produce i bring home . 
0	i have large breed dogs  around num_extend each  ,  so this is not a small dog problem . 
1	screwing the legs to the table frame was a little tricky ,  but doable . 
0	this is a  typical  breakdown of proteins which most supplements use and nothing more . 
1	after some simple instructions ,  you ll be connected in no time . 
0	i can t believe philips puts this product out . 
1	a cast iron pizza pan then i m thinking this might be for you . 
0	i only paid maybe nine dollars ,  but i was hoping for something better . 
1	i still use both the breadman and the zojirushi num_extend
0	i would buy it again just because it penetrates well into the skin without feeling tacky . 
1	have used this for slow cooker recipes where instructions tell you to pour off drippings . 
0	if it s basicly a remake of crazy taxi . 
1	i like the cleaning tool that comes with it . 
0	it works ,  but if you have allergies ,  buy something else . 
1	i am very happy with this jambox bluetooth speaker . 
0	they are too big for my phone and will not stay on the phone . 
1	the bonus is ,  even with it s much narrower width it does twice the job . 
0	it s a pretty lightweight lotion with a very strong scent . 
1	this is my first every bluetooth headset for my cell phone . 
0	i was really bummed ,  usually i use energizing teas as a pick me up . 
1	so ,  yes ,  buy it and have some fun . 
0	google  blue buffalo kitten diarrhea  and you will see others having the same issue . 
1	buy a car charger !  i discovered problems later in the day . 
0	there are natural and cheaper alternatives ,  such as toothpaste for blemishes . 
1	nice looking goes very well with stainless steel appliances . 
0	i just couldn t get past the flavor of it . 
1	the diagrams showing the buttons were so tiny it took me a few times to figure it out . 
0	with all this dust ,  how can it be fresh ?  it s dried to hell and back . 
1	i ve used this for my granddaughter s visits for over num_num years now . 
0	my old one was the exact same design ,  but by another maker  grill max ,  i think  . 
1	these absolutely do not interfere with my glasses . 
0	i don t normally put any sugar in my coffee ,  but i just couldn t stomach this . 
1	i use them to store homemade mixes ,  rice ,  brown sugar ,  etc . 
0	rent ,  do buy this game unless the only thing you have in your house is a playstation . 
1	this one has a easy grip handle and simple to clean then dry . 
0	finally ,  the grind button on ours decided to fall inside the case . 
1	i have had it num_num months and still love it . i hope this helps . jeri . 
0	it s like having a loose connection inside the cable . 
1	i was looking for a way to mount my phone in my car . 
0	it will not stay in ,  i have to hold it . 
1	some of the problems people have had with the lid ,  i have not experienced . 
0	not as fun as i originally thought it would be . 
1	after reading all the reviews ,  i decided to buy this fondue set . 
0	everyone raves about mineral makeup but i don t like the way that it looks on me . 
1	he says it is working like it should . 
0	if i could give the new humectress zero stars ,  i would . 
1	then ,  to make sure it is completely dry ,  i heat it on the stove for about one minute . 
0	the tomb raider series on the original playstation is a joke . 
1	it is fast and easy to wash this piece . 
0	this is not a bad review on amazon or the sellers part . 
1	i will be trying them for my other spices that i shake out like pepper flakes . 
0	impossible to clean ,  you remove the top ,  everything comes apart . 
1	the screen has a great touch sensitivity and works great . 
0	i guess large drives are not ready for prime time especially for large file work . 
1	and even my first pans look good as new . 
0	i found that too many kernels go unpopped for my liking . 
1	i absolutely love this pan !  the num_num inch is a perfect size . 
0	num_extend characters and num_extend environments that can be rotated at will . 
1	awesome for people that dont like touchscreens phones . 
0	in each case my eye felt better for no longer than an hour before needing another drop . 
1	mine sits on a try ,  on kitchen counter . 
0	they are however comfortable like other croc wedges . 
1	received the breadmaker from amazon with no problems . 
0	two days after being installed ,  the phone was dropped on a hard surface . 
1	this one fits the bill as it fits well onto all the handles and the heat doesn t pass through . 
0	very disappointing that the product description was inaccurate and misleading . 
1	someone had a clever idea when they made these . 
0	that would be great for a tension headache . 
1	still in my car s cigarette lighter and hasn t skipped a beat . 
0	it does open larger jars but it is clumsy and difficult to use . 
1	it will not melt or fray and it couldn t be easier to clean . 
0	they are shapeless and have very little cushion . 
1	the locking mechanism is simple and easy to use . 
0	unfortunately the dirt devil vacuum was unusable after the first use so i never used these filters . 
1	it honest to goodness works exactly like a phone . 
0	it charges and holds charge when i m on the road . 
1	this makes the incredible thinner and lighter num_extend ounces compared to the droid s num_num ounces  . 
0	i have no axe to grind either ,  it simply doesn t work for me . 
1	i have gotten use to these abbreviated cords but don t like num_extend
0	the bra is not comfortable ,  but looks horrible on . 
1	the push lever is super easy to operate . 
0	it physically hurts your wrist and fingers if you play a stylus heavy game for more than num_num minutes . 
1	this replaced an inexpensive one with mostly plastic parts . 
0	i ve broken num_num but am on my num_extend mount now . 
1	for daily use with reasonable care ,  this case offers good enough protection . 
0	then i cut out the middle of the lid and replaced it with cat proof stainless steel mesh . 
1	they re listening so intently that they ve not said more  :   . 
0	it is a bit louder than the num_extend
1	we re completely happy with our purchase and wondered why we hesitated . 
0	this product was on sale ,  so i bought in num_num pack to save money . 
1	i ve had dunkin donuts coffee that tasted better than this . 
0	i bought one on a whim so i could take it with me on vacation . 
1	on pans ,  griddles ,  bbq ,  panini makers ,  you name it . 
0	i am rather disappointed in bass and will rethink buying any more shoes from them . 
1	i love this product ,  don t pass on it if you need one of these . 
0	you can barely see i have anything on . 
1	i did buy paper filters to see if it made a difference . 
0	if you want protection for your lights ,  go elsewhere . 
1	simple to use and a good looking cooking tool . 
0	they came on to just tell you that you were screwed for the most part  . 
1	still experimenting with the chemex and their filters .  .  .  .  . but is a nice coffee maker for the money .  .  .  . could recommend . 
0	the battery ,  while removable ,  is very uncommon and it is impossible to find a replacement . 
1	i think it is a shame that this coffee maker is getting such poor reviews . 
0	next time ,  i ll buy a camera that takes a standard battery like an aa or aaa . 
1	i like this design because it s more sturdy than other designs . 
0	i also keep my zune and my phone charger plugged in . 
1	i saw someone complain about it being hard to press . 
0	sure i can take a blow torch to it . 
1	my only criticism is that the bottles are exposed to light . 
0	so get ready to experiment with your own . 
1	i ve tried many bluetooth headsets from many brands . 
0	as i only work a couple of puzzles a year ,  however ,  it seemed an extravagance and a luxury item . 
1	this has to be the best bluetooth i have owned . 
0	i agree that they are a true godsend when winter cold seems to inhabit our footsies and chill them . 
1	turns out ,  they perform so similarly that i only barely prefer using the wusthof over the victorinox . 
0	i do like the sponge applicator which makes it easy to apply . 
1	i was looking for a new portable external since my dad really wanted my old one . 
0	ordered it months ago and have yet to use it . 
1	this has pretty much replaced my larger pressure cooker . 
0	so rhyno cannot do gore after gore ,  because he would get tired . 
1	a flexible alternative to swealtering in still air . 
0	they are a lot cheaper than these smaller wrapped stacks . 
1	it makes great coffee and it keeps it at a perfect temperature . 
0	our office is carpeted ,  so there s no additional wear there . 
1	it arrived as promised and it was in great shape . 
0	i found myself contorting into odd positions to clamp my hair properly . i m sending mine back tomorrow . 
1	you ll find yourself reaching for it much more than you ever could imagine . 
0	i wear a num_extend and never had a problem with a bra . 
1	turn up the heat and simmer some of the food off . 
0	i brewed this up in a french press and in a regular coffee maker . 
1	i use mine for my homemade soap and it keeps my essential oils smelling great to the last bar . 
0	assembly was easy and it does look like it would be fun upon assembly . 
1	very happy with the price and how quickly it was sent . 
0	this product has such a strong smell i cannot stand it . 
1	this definitely seems to be easy to use and easy to clean . 
0	this was a little flat and did not have the strong spice flavor i expected . 
1	for one thing ,  no matter how i bounce it around it never leaks . 
0	i can t believe i m the only one complaining about this noise issue . 
1	the steel transfers the heat quickly and boils water faster than our calphalon pots . 
0	i have pain in the upper part of the back of my hands . 
1	looks kind of like a vinyl record pattern . 
0	i ve owned this for a year and am sick and tired of fighting the preformed cuff . 
1	so easy to keep clean and it does not mar the stainless steel sink . 
0	i am returning this and will not replace it with another mophie ,  . 
1	if i don t mind the sediment i use the press . 
0	scares the heck out of the cats ,  makes them run away ,  lol . 
1	it does not come with a screen protector so you ll have to order those separately . 
0	anyone who thinks this pill is doing something is experiencing a placebo effect . 
1	i bought this today to strain my homemade yogurt . 
0	i used them twice on a week of camping that included several nights of near and below num_num degrees . 
1	does the same thing while cooking the waffle so there s no guessing game . 
0	the cup size was perfect ,  but there is really little or no support . 
1	anyway my only complaint for this one is it takes a while to settle on the actual temp . 
0	after world kitchen acquired the brand in the late num_extend corningware products were switched to ceramic stoneware production . 
1	love the way it is hard to come off the belt; that way it just doesn t just fall off . 
0	i should ve listened to my instinct and passed on this one . 
1	we tried repeated cleanings ,  but that didn t help . 
0	it looked , felt and had the consistancy of hair conditioner . 
1	put num_num tea bags into the top between the water feed and the filter . 
0	i can t afford to use them up with the keyboard and mouse . 
1	great for tethering your phone with a laptop or charging from your desk . 
0	the bad is it only lasted about num_extend weeks before it stopped squeaking . 
1	that happens when each artisan handles his or her own pieces ,  like artwork . 
0	this uses the color wonder finger paint and coloring book . 
1	no assembly required ,  it comes in one piece . 
0	it didn t fit at all !  !  i have the same phone ,  it was wayyyy too big !  no bueno at all . 
1	you don t need much but a little butter or olive oil goes a long way . 
0	this s mores maker does work but the problem lies in storing so many pieces . 
1	i also took the advice of another reviewer about how to put the headset on . 
0	i definately don t mind paying for quality ,  but this was not worth the price . 
1	like everything oxo makes ,  these are great spoons . 
0	the music either ranges from elevator music to bad porno soundtrack . 
1	i use these in my clay and ceramics projects . 
0	if you don t already have halo buy it instead of this garbage . 
1	a must buy if you want to carry one device that does it all . 
0	this company makes better products; i like the apple flavor ,  which is abit sweeter and not bitter . 
1	i had my ipad at % before i went to bed and was % when i woke up . 
0	the shot lasted for awhile ,  but once it wore off .  .  . we broke out again . 
1	then i tried couple of major brands and it was a joke . 
0	now ,  it was described as % cotton ,  and that s what i wanted to buy . 
1	i bought this to protect from scratches ,  from accidental dropping and to make my pocket not heavy . 
0	however no longer recovers . this is the num_extend small radio that i ve purchased from amazon that has failed . 
1	i love this lil guy !  first off he s pink . 
0	i usually wrap the containers in plastic for longer storage . 
1	i have additional size skillets and a num_extend chicken fryer ,  and love them all . 
0	it just refused to stick or apply to lashes . 
1	the rubber protrudes away from the screen so not only does it not impact the screen but no sliding . 
0	peach flavor is off :  either a squirt too little or one too much . 
1	i have bought wilton stuff for many years . 
0	i was curious about this new energy drink called mix num_num berry . 
1	you can make a lot of tasty low cal drinks with it . 
0	also it s hard to use on your own ,  much better if someone else is useing it on you . 
1	was a gift for my mom .  . she seems to like using it for her ipad . 
0	the rechargeable battery was dead ,  so the hand crank generator wouldn t charge the radio . 
1	i definitely recommend these and i will continue to purchase these as my supply runs low . 
0	i really want to make use of it more .  .  . wish it was made out of baby skin friendly material . 
1	i really like my salad washed well and spun dry and that s exactly what this does . 
0	nullifying the two primary reasons i have loved it all these years . 
1	i have found this book to be an excellent reference for the first time decorator . 
0	this kit might contain a discontinued num_extend charger and batteries . 
1	included tools were cheap ,  but got the job done and all worked . 
0	if they don t go back to the original formula i will not be ordering more . 
1	second ,  it closes with a very weak magnet that does not usually hold good but sits well enough . 
0	since these jeans are lees i will wear them but your image should match your num_extend
1	i really wanted this color combo and couldn t find it anywhere else either . 
0	they were nothing special so i didn t bother reordering in the right size . 
1	i have a hole set of cuisinart pans and i love them . 
0	that is supposed to last longer than average strings . 
1	i have no complaints and recommend this to anyone looking for a great battery at a great price . 
0	this is a disgrace to racing and all car games in general . 
1	you can just tell with both of these by how they feel that you have them in right . 
0	i got mine from another site ,  but these bags are all the same . 
1	i do like the ka immersion blender better for soup ,  simply because it s less work . 
0	it was great at first but only lasted about num_num manicures . 
1	also ,  some have complained of the coil  rusting .   nonsense . 
0	studies have also shown that aspartame can contribute to weight gain . 
1	the organizer is exactly as represented and works well with men s shoes . 
0	i have several old pairs of fownes and they have been great . 
1	it didn t take any time to get here ,  it fits the sprint galaxy num_extend just fine . 
0	for me ,  this is just further proof that these  healthy  cereals taste awful . 
1	the size is perfect for covering larger dinner plates . 
0	for the price you are better off buying a multicoated uv protector . 
1	highly recommended . new post :  not trying to go off topic ,  but you might find the following of interest . 
0	they have since changed the product and it is horrible . 
1	i used my last one up !  !  this new one has a bun warmer . 
0	so i put them on and within an hour my feet were burning up . 
1	however ,  overall ,  i love this case and will suggest it to other iphone users . 
0	i have not had one good experience with it . 
1	i was on the road ,  called their toll free number . 
0	the only thing good about this is amazon made it easy to return the coffeemaker for a replacement . 
1	it arrived in a timely manner and in good condition . 
0	he dropped the truck on his foot the other day and was in pain for a while after . 
1	my phone was running down quickly after only num_num minutes of use . 
0	the only way to blow up other cars is to run into them . 
1	the films are nice and invisible once i put one on the phone . 
0	i d love to find the probiotic that works for me but unfortunately i am still searching . 
1	fortunately ,  the price for these bags on amazon is usually better than i can get elsewhere . 
0	graphics are as bad as the nintendo num_extend
1	but is this knife that much better than its cheaper competitors ?   mac ,  wustoff etc knives which cost over $
0	i tried changing with fresh batteries ,  but it just wouldn t work . 
1	my first reaction was that the material is thinner than others i ve installed . 
0	it s another attempt to cash in on the sim name . 
1	use it daily for all garden products and cheese . 
0	the clip mechanism does not hold well to a valve stem and must be frequently readjusted . 
1	just read the reviews of the bissell num_extend sweeper . 
0	at first it worked fine in both blinking and constant mode . 
1	ihave never been able to cook rice well . it turned out the best rice i have everhad . 
0	it left egg residue in the cup even though i lubricated it first . i haven t tried it again . 
1	the hose is very flexible and is made to last . 
0	upon closer examination i felt the plastic was too hard to be a safe cat toy . 
1	like a nseries real fan ,  my last purchase was the num_extend
0	i assume they came out with the lexan product because of problems with the glass . 
1	plus i am loving google goggles and barcode scanner . 
0	some last forever ,  but most die within a year or so . 
1	this is the second honeywell that i have had . 
0	i haven t heard how she did with them . 
1	i will consider expanding my collection very soon with other sizes . 
0	this game was addictive to me for a while ,  but it got real old fast . 
1	when the first needed to be replaced i didn t hesitate to buy another . 
0	she also didn t like the smell of the cleanser . 
1	first off ,  the sound quality is quite good ,  especially noticeable by a lack of background noise . 
0	my wife uses it all the time and it comes out pretty good . 
1	so glad i purchased the culligan filters for our kitchen faucet . 
0	my cat did not respond to this after a three week trial . 
1	with my other bt earbuds and headphones ,  i often loose the connection . 
0	i read the reviews and hoped this would be different . 
1	tis is a box of four rings ,  but i only needed two . 
0	can they manufacture this soap to be more user friendly while rendering results ?  . 
1	don t put in dishwasher though ,  make sure to hand wash and dry right away so they do not rust . 
0	sort of fruity ,  but a little artificial tasting . 
1	first ,  it needs to be rugged and durable . 
0	the graphics are ok ,  sometimes some of the players look the same ,  not to realistic imho . 
1	they are worth every penny you spend and won t disappoint . 
0	purity did not cleanse my face thoroughly even with a facial brush . 
1	despite some previous reviews indicating that baker arrived broken ,  mine arrived on time and in mint condition . 
0	the physics are odd ,  but it s very easy to get used to how the game moves . 
1	just like the one i had years ago . 
0	i may wear it some day ,  but if i wasn t so lazy i would ve preferred to return it . 
1	the stand mixer fits nicely under out cupboards . 
0	i love peanuts but these peanuts have a weird taste to em i didnt like . 
1	the price was right and i always appreciate free shipping . 
0	i think the concept is best if a person has multiple dogs and needs side by side crates . 
1	i certainly wouldn t try using these to turn or lift anything out of a hot dish from the oven . 
0	it s good for wearing while working out because they sit well over the ears and are not slippery . 
1	my personal experience has lead me to be indifferent about that feature . 
0	i was counting on this cushion to help my brother as i pushed his chair over european cobblestones . 
1	i made this mistake and i am not sure how i will get it off when that time comes . 
0	this game has no replay value at all . 
1	this is a great well made case with lots of pockets for your basics . 
0	tried to eat one bowl; threw the rest in the trash . 
1	people should write about this after using it . 
0	i was very sad because i love this coffee . 
1	i find that these glasses are very nice and comfortable to hold . 
0	as early as num_extend to finally do the right thing . 
1	you ll never find num_extend double sided tape in any hardware store ,  so just order that off amazon too . 
0	i have never had a similar problem with any other mouse . 
1	some of the transformers i bought would only charge iphones . 
0	the blade has stayed sharp with everyday use over the past num_num months . 
1	felt really bad returning them ,  but i was a bit too scared for my ears . 
0	i think ,  though ,  that this food is a pretty good example of how to finesse ga numbers . 
1	after my jar grippers started falling apart after so much use; these are great for all kinds of jars . 
0	this item is cheaper than silpat but i was not happy with it . 
1	they are pretty strong but not enough to cool a pie . 
0	i had to hold down the switch every time i used it . 
1	i have very good german grade knives and this sharpener is very nice . 
0	def not trusting this weak junky looking limb on the crossbow . 
1	taking a small plunge ,  i bought this coffee maker and i could not be happier . 
0	did it make my iphone louder ?  no ,  not in any significant way . 
1	i feel this is much easier to read and more accurate than the dial type thermometer . 
0	all the combat moves are on the shoulder buttons . 
1	seriously ?  they couldn t leave that off ?  i hate knowing what i get as gifts before christmas . 
0	it s bland ,  no flavor at all ,  not even salty ,  just totally unsatisfying . 
1	i ve had these pyrex storage containers for about num_num months . 
0	in fact ,  my younger son ,  who was num_num really liked the little cars . 
1	i have not tried it on bare floors ,  but i think it would do just as well there . 
0	i love sorel boots . i have always wanted this style so i ordered a pair . 
1	since there are three in a package ,  you can leave them i multiple places for usage . 
0	these protectors don t fit my samsung galaxy proclaim num_extend even though they are stated as being for it . 
1	in any case ,  guess i got lucky because my set of dishes is perfect . 
0	by the way this one sold by amazon llc . 
1	the handles on the pot and lid stayed cool to the touch ,  clean up was a breeze . 
0	it was not warped as badly ,  but still the door will not stay shut . 
1	this bt stereo headset works in conjunction with my phone flawlessly . 
0	definitely not worth the few dollars you spend on them . 
1	wold definitely buy another boos block and recommend them to friends and family . 
0	i used it num_extend on my num_num rim fire long rifle and pistol . 
1	my husband turned the handle while i fed the dough into the roller . 
0	this last bottle is just not the same . 
1	i just got a new iphone and have tried several cases . 
0	i am going to donate the rest of my boxes to a shelter . 
1	the pumping action of the pitcher makes whipping up frozen juice easy . 
0	but maybe i feel that way because of the odd color . 
1	i place num_num pieces of french toast on it with no trouble . 
0	it is too flimsy to stand on its own in order for the dogs to get the toys from . 
1	cutouts are good ,  not quite perfect ,  but you d have to be ocd to notice . 
0	the second i opened this knife ,  the assisted opening never worked . 
1	we ve never had a breadbox and this one goes well in our generally stainless kitchen . 
0	now i have to haul this thing in to return it . 
1	my older pyrex that i ve had over num_num years didn t come with covers . 
0	connecting to an existing game results in a  cannot connect with other players  error about % of the time . 
1	these are great because you dont want to scratch your screen . 
0	the rest of the game involves driving around a car and picking up various residents of springfield . 
1	best mytouch case ever !  !  !  feels like an official $ cover !  it s not as thick as the regular generics are . 
0	first of all ,  it came one of those yellow manilla envelopes lined with bubble wrap . 
1	i also stuck a whole lemon and onion into the cavity . 
0	for some reason the blue tint in the glass weakens it but somehow makes it cheaper to produce . 
1	it shipped quickly and arrived in great condition . 
0	i even had num_num injections of hyaluronic acid directly into both knees in addition to these capsules . 
1	i bought mine several years ago at zabars in nyc . 
0	all my friends have been fattened and dumbed by this marvel in brainwashing . 
1	i am glad it was so easy to replace it . 
0	but the spoon split the second time i used it . 
1	revere ware is not fancy ,  but it meets all of my needs ,  and it lasts almost forever . 
0	also ,  getting emblems is just all out difficult . 
1	the black charging dock for iphone has to be the best there is . 
0	but this product was a waste to me . 
1	that is more of an apple complain than this unit though . 
0	most of the time the air doesn t blow hard enough to blow the  butterflies  up and out . 
1	no more space hogging knife blocks on the counter !  easy to install ,  strong magnet . 
0	one of the problems might be that this toy is really loud on tile floors . 
1	i am looking forward to using this blade next salmon season . 
0	plus ,  just because of the pressing feeling against my eyelids ,  neither of those issues mattered . 
1	everything she cooks with it seems to turn out great . 
0	the bits for the automatic screwdriver don t stay on ,  which causes great frustration  to parent and kid  . 
1	i didn t want to take another chance on an iphone so i looked into droid . 
0	it s also quite big and heavy to travel with . 
1	i can live with a few kernels in the microwave . 
0	num_num status ,  and even then ,  you won t be able to do too much more . 
1	also ,  it retains heat better so your delicious meal remains warm for a long time . 
0	i ve had about every problem that could ever go wrong with my num_num console since i purchased it . 
1	i also cannot rate the durability as i ve only owned it for num_num months . 
0	it is so cheap that i felt ripped off . 
1	so the deformed green bottom was against the floor . 
0	if you want something that works and tells time choose something else . 
1	the pans that came with my toaster oven started to look awful . 
0	i purchased my kitchenaid professional num_num limited edition about num_num months ago . 
1	it was very easy to learn by reading the booklet ,  took us all  including the num_num yr . 
0	i got these on sale during celiac awareness month ,  i chose the chocolate chip . 
1	i am one now ,  but don t feel like it . 
0	i did not get any kind of fizz or sparkle . 
1	my son loves this case as do i . 
0	this piece of equipment will only accept num_extend dd disks for the project info . 
1	are removed ,  there shouldn t be any problems for the next use . 
0	moving to two other windows xp pcs ,  the same was true . 
1	will buy again once i run out of the ones i got . 
0	however ,  i thought it would last longer than an hour . 
1	there are so many different things to consider when buying something like this . 
0	it is paper thin and it is hard . 
1	four good size pancakes will easily fit in the pan at the same time . 
0	all num_num of those games are second to none . 
1	i use them for placing hot containers on from the stove or oven . 
0	band too thin . stones too tiny . wanted something more substantial . should have paid more attention to the dimensions for width . 
1	the battery usually has between num_num and % charge and my phone still has about % charge . 
0	amazon will probably take it back but then back to the drawing boards . 
1	i ve tried to just clean it with soap and water and the dirt came off okay . 
0	i also felt like the price was very expensive . 
1	i bought this to replace a previous west bend triple timer that had seen better days . 
0	it doesn t make sense to buy a $ coffee maker and drink trashy coffee . 
1	after using nordic popper for years i ordered another and it developed cracks too quickly . 
0	it s not worth killing an animal ,  taking any life ,  just so we can look good . 
1	i used to have a motorola and recently switched to a samsung . 
0	i bought these treats because they sounded good and were affordable . 
1	i wouldn t recommend spending the money for it if you don t do a lot of  big  preparations . 
0	also ,  it is not that stable ,  causing it to almost tip completely onto its side with my num_num lbs . 
1	we ve had one for years and bought this one for a friend . 
0	this cd just feels like giving children a meal of cheetos and smarties . 
1	great performance for the few weeks i ve had it . 
0	i used this bag for num_num miles before the zipper pried open during a ride . 
1	but it wasn t designed for popcorn and the small handles would get scorching . 
0	plus ,  since my wife is the primary user of this machine ,  she found that to be annoying . 
1	you will not be disappointed in any emile henry baking products . 
0	she is a golden retriever who weighs over num_num pounds . 
1	everything but the main unit goes in the dishwasher . 
0	i reviewed another type of hanes socks num_extend those were much better . 
1	hope to get a lot of use out of them . 
0	keep this in mind if you are buying this as a present . 
1	while reading the manual online i immediately plugged in the headset to fully charge which took about num_num hrs . 
0	i have yet to find something more suitable . 
1	keep some at work ,  home and in your luggage . 
0	i feel suckered by the marketing on this . 
1	makes very nice shoestring fries and is very simple to use . 
0	i can say ,  without hesitation ,  that this is absolutely worthless . 
1	i love the ability to measure and view the amount looking down into the measuring cup . 
0	too bad ,  because i love hempz products and was excited to find an age defying product from them . 
1	battery works as expected and ccmaccessories had fast shipping . 
0	i chose to try a different callus reducer with better reviews . 
1	theories about aluminum poisoning were discredited long ago . 
0	my kids can t get the larger puzzles in by themselves . 
1	the shipping was very fast and they are matte which is what i wanted . 
0	i took some lube and lubed the cylinder ,  cleaned the barrel and tried again ,  still nothing . 
1	good knife ,  comfortable handle ,  very sharp but not extremely sharp ,  still sharp enough after num_num months of use . 
0	this was bought for my num_num year old son who has a reverence for cars already . 
1	i put some non skid pads on the bottom and it does the job very well . 
0	the gears stripped ,  and i threw it away . 
1	she had gotten years ago when she bought a bunch of foot longs from subway . 
0	it also makes animals noises when you place the wrong piece over it so that teaches nothing . 
1	i have used it for everything from baking cookies to broiling fish . 
0	however ,  i am totally dissatisfied with this product after just a few uses . 
1	it saves you time and no more fumbling with the stack of filters . 
0	i haven t found a replacement i like yet . 
1	i ordered these without checking with the wife first ,  and she loves them !  they are standard ,  basic glasses . 
0	he s a border collie ,  everything is interesting and fun to him .  .  .  .  .  . except for this item . 
1	i like adding slice banana s and a touch of chocolate syrup on top . have fun with this .  . highly recommended !  . 
0	this smells good ,  but after trying numerous suave products i ve decided ,  no more . 
1	this is for my husbands phone and he really likes it . 
0	i knew it d be different ,  but ,  wow ,  i did not expect this . 
1	they couldn t have been nicer or more cooperative . 
0	i tried to stretch them out ,  as they are supposed to fit up to a num_num inch limb . 
1	although you should probably follow the washing instructions to a t . 
0	since the eva material is elastic and returns to original shape ,  this does not  break in  . 
1	we have a bunch ,  gave a bunch to our kids and best friends . 
0	i will keep taking it and write back more . 
1	my son is a num_extend quad and has no trouble using it . 
0	i have num_num beagles and wanted just one stake for both . 
1	the color is great ,  matches my kitchen aid pieces . 
0	now it is num_extend stuff that the lower level vendors used to sell . 
1	works well !  heats water very quickly and is convenient to use . 
0	i can t imagine how you would dispose of it . 
1	the rubber handle is easy on the hands and the steel turner is thick and durable . 
0	i purchased this because it was one of those buy these together things with my sump . 
1	i ve now used it a couple of times . 
0	this is a very mediocre game based on the book . 
1	the old one lasted for about num_num years and was a great machine ,  this one is even better . 
0	i received it within num_num hours of my purchase and appreciate for quick free shipment from amazon . 
1	ringer is loud enough and the timer s feature is easy to use and figure out . 
0	i didn t take much notice of the music ,  the quotes where amusing for a while . 
1	check the weight ,  the pan itself is nearly three pounds ,  a lot for such a smallish pan . 
0	put it down on the linoleum kitchen floor and then allowed my cats to check it out . 
1	he has limited shelf space and so this fits right in and allows three levels of shelving . 
0	buy it if you only have a num_num and you dont get a multi choice . 
1	more steps back ,  a few steps forward ,  but no other choiuce . 
0	the skin around my lips actually broke out because this lip balm is so greasy . 
1	i didn t ask for a refund ,  but i just made a suggestion and the seller gave me a refund . 
0	but if the dog won t take it ,  it s useless ,  so the taste apparently does not appeal to all dogs . 
1	he was eager to help me change some settings to enhance the battery life . 
0	i bought a set in may num_num and installed them . 
1	would have given it five stars but i want to see how well it last . 
0	maybe my dog s case was more elevated than this product is meant for . 
1	it has everything that i was looking for  except the audio timer  . 
0	i actually performed a couple tests where i recorded myself overnight using these strips . 
1	i used to chop in a blender ,  but it made things too fine and was hard to control . 
0	i tried this years and years ago and it was useful but so expensive . 
1	it is definitely worth the money to own . 
0	i know that some products must be made for this purpose . 
1	the plastic is thick enough to feel durable ,  yet still responsive . 
0	i really liked this case ,  and wanted it to work . 
1	i have been otterbox commuter case user for past num_num years with num_num other phones . 
0	i had to wash it with bleach and water to get the smell out . 
1	i do lots of south asian cooking and i ve been trying to make good naans  flatbread  . 
0	i m just lucky i didn t waste more money by buying more socks . 
1	it does what it says it would and that is to grind coffee beans . 
0	seems quality has taken a backseat to profit . 
1	this is a sturdy stand ,  it looks nice with its aluminum finish . 
0	after searching the web ,  i found that people with the logitech mx num_num  amongst others  had the same problem . 
1	i have owned the iphone num_extend and now the iphone num_extend
0	i thought for sure this would be the same . 
1	they are made of high quality materials and not  flimsy  at all . 
0	i ve used chain cleaners before ,  so i was very disappointed when it broke during its first use . 
1	we used it day and night during a num_num week cleanse . 
0	i have the hair mask and love it . 
1	the dimensions listed are the exterior dimensions ,  not the usable inside dimension . 
0	all the tools on these knives where easy enough to open too . 
1	don t forget to clean the inside of the air purifier as long as you ve got the filters out !  . 
0	this petite nail trimmer is designed for a small dog but it didn t work as well as it says . 
1	they are light ,  small and deliver decent sound and it s great with the cell phone . 
0	i am returning it for a full refund . 
1	always does a good job of popping corn . 
0	by the next morning ,  though ,  things were decidedly not okay . 
1	what you can t see in the picture is the attached decoration . 
0	it seems more like a piece of flavorless plastic to them ,  i think . 
1	the filters are easy to get to and clean very easily . 
0	better for an older pup and supervised in play !  soft on the mouth . 
1	i have read here some complains regarding the inability to connect to internet . 
0	i got these for halloween treats because of the price . 
1	unlike other reviewers ,  i have not had the problem with butter falling into the crock s water . 
0	my dog loved it when i gave it to her on her bed in the house . 
1	battery lasts a long time ,  i think longer then my stock battery . 
0	you re not supposed to use tools ,  just hand tighten ,  but it s not enough . 
1	i wasn t expecting much but it s both light and comfortable . 
0	at num_num ppm this product does interact with other chemicals in your body and thus the reaction . 
1	i am very happy with this tanita scale . 
0	i will have to try to rig up something there otherwise the case will not be useful . 
1	not bad for something that costs slightly more than num_num smackeroos !  . 
0	this mixture is just too sweet because of the raisins . 
1	can not figure out if the inline control is supposed to control the volume . 
0	don t believe me ?  go ahead and waste your money and see for yourself afterwards . 
1	and the the little studs or legs on the top of the lid . 
0	the cool tip at the end is too small and i kept burning my finger tips . 
1	i got it today and put it on my phone and it is barely noticeable ,  just like my tablet . 
0	the boxes stay closed tight and they are large sized . 
1	it s a bargain compared to a dedicated spice grinder and works just as well for dry stuff . 
0	then users would have two options ,  one which could fit smaller tires better . 
1	based on their input ,  and my seeing it myself ,  i will probably get one for me too .   . 
0	we can great fun with it until the next day it broke . 
1	but i really can t complain since this was a gift . 
0	it works ok in my camry and ford vehicles . 
1	then push the menu button to select the type rice and then press the start button . 
0	i got this item in a timely fashion and the product was just as i expected . 
1	these keep an edge quite well ,  and do hold a blade that is most excellent . 
0	however ,  when he wasnt trying to scrape if off of his face ,  it did help him walk nice . 
1	personal favorite :  ice turns into snow in seconds ,  ten add your favorite flavor !  . 
0	sadly ,  some of their products are made from materials coming from china ,  too . 
1	they are yellow but transparent ,  so i can find what i m looking for . 
0	i add a bit of sugar and creamer . 
1	i never had to stop it to push anything down into the blades . 
0	the pan was always washed by hand ,  with only a sponge . 
1	so these cardboard circles are easier and neater than trying to cut your own from an amazon shipping box . 
0	i usually have to make a proprietary blend to get all of these good things in one lotion . 
1	they are not your department store cheapies ,  these are heavy duty pans . 
0	i think ill go and get ripped off at the verizon or apple store now . 
1	it provides excellent protection for my phone and i like the color . 
0	vet later warned me that these  chew toys  are hazardous to dogs . 
1	i keep it on my kitchen island where it s always handy . 
0	consumer are informed of underlying problems and their symptoms and anker can use this info as well . 
1	mixing clear and frosted materials looks really cool . 
0	the taste is only slight more flavorful than water . 
1	so i went looking for a water filtering pitcher that would reduce or eliminate copper in my water . 
0	so for curly heads ,  if you want a microfiber towel ,  stick with the regular ones . 
1	mounted this in my kitchen to hold my mugs up . 
0	tried a third time and it cracked .  .  .  without working  . 
1	i think its working good but i m not sure how to measure . 
0	i bought my psp at midnight on it s debut night at wally world . 
1	it s nice and heavy and the handle doesn t feel like its hollow so it shouldn t get water inside . 
0	he was cute ,  but i still couldn t fall for it . 
1	this little adhesive towel bar is holding up nicely in our food truck . 
0	this last one ,  which broke the record for how long it has lasted ,  was blue . 
1	this means you can exercise outside while wearing them and not be in danger of not hearing your surroundings . 
0	i still use it for my daily alarm . not a huge fan of android os either . 
1	this is actually one of the first ones that i have bought and still performs like a charm . 
0	christmas morning i couldn t belive when we took it out of the box and pieces were missing . 
1	this battery pack will charge your iphone several times . 
0	i bought this to replace a one story condo we had by our front window . 
1	i whipped up homemade pizza dough in about num_num minutes ,  including the kneading time . 
0	repeated efforts by various veterinarians could not save her . 
1	it s my first carpet cleaner of this kind ,  so i don t really have anything to compare it to . 
0	i was doing this all by myself and my arms nearly fell off ,  they got so tired . 
1	we got this for our son s bedroom ,  which is dinky . 
0	i bought these in num_num and they were really great at first . 
1	i love oxo handles !  they are so comfortable to do kitchen work . 
0	my phone has one opening on the front however ,  these screens had three . 
1	this worked fine for me making coldpress coffee at home . 
0	not worth the outrageous price tag . yeah ,  wwe smackdown vs . 
1	they are made of plastic ,  not glasswhich don t matter to us at all . 
0	manufacturers can say anything they want and the burden of proof is on you  the consumer  . 
1	i would recommend it it to anyone that wants a change from the leather cases . 
0	they have such a well deserved good reputation . 
1	prompt shipping with free standard shipping at holiday time . 
0	i purchased this as a gift for some friends  son . 
1	thick is not a bad thing .  .  . and it s not that thick .  .  . it s just right for me . 
0	regret buying but return policy says must be unopened . 
1	these rings make the finished construction look professionally done ,  but the operation of the opening and closing is outstanding . 
0	perhaps it s an old bag ,  but it really needs some flavoring on it because it tastes like nothing . 
1	i am slowly replacing plastic containers with glass ,  especially to take to work and heat leftovers in the microwave . 
0	would work for a while and then just stop passing traffic . buy from someone else . 
1	we hestitated for a while because of the price . 
0	it is impossible to keep this knife sharp . 
1	i received this with time to spare from the estimated dates and it is perfect . 
0	battery is same as the battery that came with it . 
1	it heats up fast and makes quick waffles . 
0	i like how this is lite weight but it doesn t fit on my ear so i cant use it . 
1	and that would end up making this coffee maker significantly bigger and more expensive . 
0	i guess it just depends on the person . 
1	it fell and tumbled in the middle of a busy street . 
0	num_extend has num_num servings and thins one only num_num servings . 
1	with the ipod controls ,  this almost takes the cake for me . 
0	so disappointed ,  and seriously want a refund on it . 
1	so far ,  i am very happy with this !  . 
0	i guess ,  therefore ,  that i am unable to return it but will never be able to use it . 
1	the vent in the top pops off ,  and so it feels easier to clean the condensation in the lid . 
0	what s the point if it won t stay on the phone ?  . 
1	no fingerprints  in case you were wondering  ,  and they are versatile . 
0	the headset is too rigid ,  it does not conform well to the head . 
1	would definitely purchase again for that nice  little touch  of coordinating cupcake wrappers . 
0	i used these for about a month of running ,  during which i ran about num_num miles . 
1	i purchased this set for under $ and was actually quite surprised with how heavy they were . 
0	well it was quite lovely out of the box . 
1	in the grand scheme of things ,  it s just a big piece of slate with felt on the bottom . 
0	i give a terrible num_num out of num_extend
1	all i really need is a new switch . 
0	it takes like num_num seconds to a minute to get there . 
1	seems to be secure ,  probably would not come off your phone inadvertently . btw ,  the blackout case is completely opaque . 
0	i work in plastic manufacturing and understand it somewhat . 
1	the thing worked for num_num years ,  then died . 
0	i ended up buying a futuro arm band which is much better made and cost only $ more . 
1	got one size bowl larger and now have a four piece set that nestles perfectly . 
0	the first one of these we received was completely broken in transit . 
1	the steel used for the blades is harder than what you would find in most other knives . 
0	the npc s just said them for the heck of it . 
1	a wonderfully useful addition to my kitchen aid appliance . 
0	used as described and they didn t work for me at all . 
1	it can recharge the the samsung several times ,  and can also power the phone while it is recharging itself . 
0	they claim to be only num_num net carbs online but i think this is a lie . 
1	i bought this as a gift for my son . 
0	it does claim to have a lot of protein ,  i can t comment on the nutrition . 
1	this dispenser is nice and big and slides in a fridge very nicely . 
0	the marshmallows mask the flavor of the pebbles which i also think is off . 
1	so while i was reluctant ,  i took a chance and bought the num_extend
0	the conversations between snake and the other characters are redundant and go on forever . 
1	greatly reduces the jumbling of wires that you may otherwise get with the normal num_num feet cables . 
0	it has a rancid smell whereas most jojoba has a neutral odor . 
1	the crust was crispy and the pizza was very good . 
0	i always buy regular sized toys for my dogs . 
1	these are great for making leathers in my dehydrator . 
0	in fact ,  id even worse harm to it . 
1	i tried a blackberry bold ,  lg optimus v  virgin mobile prepaid android phone  ,  and my laptop . 
0	after just a couple of weeks it stopped working . 
1	i bought this to go with the pasta maker i bought her . 
0	dimensions :  num_extend x num_extend but they both have the same issue . 
1	during summer months ,  the air outside gets pretty cool . 
0	i am going to try and sew as he needs it on a daily basis . 
1	the two sizes you get is a plus . 
0	the pth option make a neat microphone with the aaa battery installed . 
1	i have to say that the microwave popper produces more moist popcorn . 
0	i read that it would make num_num num_extend oz .   cups of coffee . 
1	pairing with a blackberry may well work out better than pairing with a lower quality device . 
0	and the thing that made the num_extend so amazing ,  is the maemo operating system . 
1	fruits to avoid include apples ,  berries ,  citrus fruits ,  tomatoes ,  pears ,  pineapples ,  and peppers . 
0	if this is not the bad stuff we re hearing about ,  clarify . 
1	it s the little things that often make a product ,  and the front facing hook was it for me . 
0	i expanded this to maximum length num_extend to hold my num_extend planter that already had herbs growing in it . 
1	i have them in the scarlet red and they are just gorgeous . 
0	it has a hard and i mean hard rubber ear piece . 
1	these are solid sheets so no fruit mixture drips between the holes . 
0	due to the construction of this ,  it also does not travel all that well ,  which is a bummer . 
1	i ve tried regular electric heater and it just burnt out because it has a thermostat . 
0	air lines on these pumps always seem to get really stiff and you have to cut them off . 
1	it says on the box you can also store ginger in it also . 
0	anyway ,  i am not that impressed with these flip flops ,  as they are neither comfortable or visually appealing . 
1	verizon now views such things as signs of abuse and will void your warranty on those grounds . 
0	they take a whiff of it and walk away . they usually munch on all other type of snacks . 
1	eargonomic handles ,  easy to maintain ,  and a great design for use in the kitchen . 
0	my mother in law bought this for my almost num_num year old son thinking the screen was bigger . 
1	just like the big one ,  only little ,  colorful ,  and easier to pull out and put away . 
0	someone at sacnoth just had really bad taste with language . 
1	so did i ,  that s why i bought this powerful beast . 
0	the placing of the tubes however is poor . 
1	nice well built scoop ,  but like others have said ,  this is not a num_num tbs . 
0	think cheap hole puncher quality from a $ store . 
1	the cups all pour well ,  even though there is not a discrete spout on the num_extend
0	it wasn t a big investment ,  which is why i tried it ,  but it didn t really work either . 
1	the shape is stable but looks a bit unstable . 
0	i ended up buying strapping tape and attaching the top to the rear seat headrests . 
1	a definite recommendation to get shoes off the floor . 
0	the charger that came with the phone charged about num_extend as fast from the same dc outlet . 
1	i ordered the mini cupcake liners instead of regular sized . 
0	i would not recommend this for birthday goody bags either as you are getting very random pieces . 
1	i bought two packages so num_extend of these and they work perfect . 
0	when i adjusted the eq ,  there was a noticable change as i selected various effects . 
1	it is connected via num_extend to my router . 
0	title says it all ,  i m just glad that i held out for this to drop  .  .  .   . 
1	you can search his web site for details . 
0	imo ,  it just is not worth it . i bought this with the intent of using it to hold num_extend pellets . 
1	since running a vacuum would wake my neighbors ,  i count on this little sweeper . 
0	most of the truckers run old cobra num_extend unidens ,  galaxies ,  strykers ,  and so on . 
1	i feel like i can cut thru anything . 
0	i had to put a little weight to the top of the headphones so they would charge . 
1	will recharge a dead phone a little more than three times . 
0	logitech manufacturers rebate is a farce ,  you will not get the rebate in most probablity . 
1	i like it and it hasn t failed me yet . 
0	it s sturdily built yet lightweight and the perfect size . 
1	alas ,  i shopped around and found that  the works  toilet bowl cleaner is by far the best . 
0	installing the parts from the accessory kit did not improve the performance . 
1	the screen protectors arrived very quickly and were exactly as described . 
0	the low battery light came on and that was all she wrote . 
1	didn t have any issue with it and works just like it says it does . 
0	i guess that is why most brands have a pump top . 
1	the lids make a great shaker jar top for homemade salad dressings . 
0	smaller version of the old time favoriteomg still yummy !  it was like a stroll down memory lane . 
1	i am delighted with the price and quality  what can you expect from nordic ?   of these mundane cake racks . 
0	then when i went to change the security settings for the wifi that s when the problems started . 
1	these have worked perfectly and the price is great !  . 
0	i started using these over a month ago ,  and i also haven t noticed any difference whatsoever . 
1	with these pans i just use a quick burst of cooking spray to prep the pan . 
0	now they cost twice what they did then ,  understandable with inflation ,  but don t work worth a darn . 
1	it s heavyweight ,  so it s harder to burn milk on the bottom of the pan ,  and it requires less stirring . 
0	gotta protect your hands so i would not recommend this . 
1	my phone is also in a gelskin case and i had no problem closing the pouch . 
0	the tool feels flimsy and i don t like to use it . 
1	they didn t fall out and were actually pretty comfortable . 
0	it wouldbe nice to have another strap outside the bag to prevent the flap opening too wide . 
1	thanks amazon for having your one day sale . 
0	it was of a relief though ,  even though my money went down the drain . 
1	for num_num years ,  this food chopper was perfect for my wife . 
0	i ll update this review once i ve used the new one for a while . 
1	you can t see the clips and they are holding the lights great . 
0	don t buy it unless your life quality is worth no more than a few bucks . 
1	i have bought quite a few of these now ,  as i have a bad habit of misplacing them . 
0	this was would have been better if once you got a lamborghini you weren t home free with the game . 
1	would buy these again and still have on my phone . 
0	the game looks pretty good ,  but in the end you won t even care . 
1	i have also used it when i have a small serving of something to put on the table . 
0	the first game was entirely new and fresh . 
1	it works as well as the old reliable that has served me for so long . 
0	it is very important to read the technical information about this card . 
1	the item was delivered quickly  prime shipping  and arrived in a small poly bag ,  simple and effective . 
0	this arrived ,  poorly packaged ,  with the developer  bleach  all over the product box . 
1	i have num_num other globals and this one is as good as the rest . 
0	i used the towel trick on my system . 
1	my iphone broke so i bought this to use until num_extend comes out whenever . 
0	i should haveread the other reviews ,  concerning them breaking . 
1	a high school friend recently visited ,  and we both still use our corelle  and we graduated num_num years ago !   . 
0	i would never try any philips products again . 
1	i bought this set because i wanted clear mixing bowls and i like the rim around the top . 
0	i don t know if i got an old box of these or if they re all like this . 
1	title explains it all .  .  . decent cable for a great price . 
0	then my cats started chewing pieces off !  not for my household of num_num cats . 
1	just the right size for my husband and i . 
0	i have no clue how it ever got on shelves . 
1	this is a very professional piece of equipment . 
0	just installed this on my wife s num_num toyota num_extend and yes it fits ,  even though amazon says it doesn t . 
1	needless to say ,  i don t use it often because of this . 
0	the thing is that i had bought these before ,  but they ve reduced the amount of material in the pads . 
1	i read about having to watch that the water did not boil away and such . 
0	it s actually peach ,  and not what i was looking for . 
1	it is literally num_num inch sticks just like you would get on a tootsie pop . 
0	but because of these flaws i would recommend you to not buy this game . 
1	the removable plates are very easy to clean ,  which was my only complaint about my original foreman . 
0	when i got the box ,  it was made to look as if i was getting a brand new phone . 
1	otterbox case for num_extend is a great protector but may be a little bulky for some people s taste . 
0	they were so tight that the elastic hurt my feet . 
1	the other three cups held up the  heavy !   shower caddy just fine until i fixed it . 
0	there are very few bagged teas i like . 
1	it performed quite admirably and i was glad to give it to someone who would keep using it . 
0	case won t even stay on and the battery is little better than standard . 
1	it is easy to use ,  just plug it in . 
0	go to sally and get better quality for the same price range . 
1	it has all the openings for each port and feels like a sturdy case . 
0	i gotta say this is just not up to my expectations . 
1	they sratch super super easy but don t let your phone get scratched but look like crap after a day . 
0	the material it s made of is good ,  and it holds the guitar . 
1	this product does exactly what it is supposed to with only a couple minor issues . 
0	i also did not find my towels were any softer the num_num times i did use it . 
1	got my pitcher the other day ,  so far seems to work fine . 
0	these inexpensive earphones provide adequate rendering of sound from tv ,  movies ,  etc . 
1	added to my wishlist again to buy in the future . 
0	if you must purchase this product ,  i d suggest you wait until all of your children are num_num or older . 
1	i bought these trays to use when i have too much spinach or kale . 
0	we have not ,  however ,  had any problems with durability . 
1	love the size and it is well made . 
0	i still have to blot every num_num hours or so . 
1	also if it breaks ,  bodum is pretty good with spare parts . 
0	as other reviewers have stated the rubber is very smooth and doesn t feel like quality . 
1	i would have ran here were it not for all the cooking magazines raving about this one . 
0	i always paid more for bounty because they were much thicker and absorbent than the cheaper brands . 
1	bought this now that i love drinking wine . 
0	my dog eats anything but i would not feel right to let him eat something smells like gas . 
1	this is motorola s phone designed for emerging markets . 
0	after having my faithful palm iiie for seven or eight years ,  i finally dropped it and it died . 
1	also have experienced some  ghost taps  on the virtual keyboard in very bright sunlight . 
0	you have to slide the handles left to right instead of up and down . 
1	the edge was excellent right out of the package and is easy to keep sharp . 
0	the game is on patch num_extend now and still has all the flaws mentioned by other reviewers and more . 
1	picks up pet hair ,  cat litter ,  dustbunnies ,  crumbs ,  etc without the slightest problems . 
0	the build quality is superb and it handles perfectly . 
1	doable ,  but a controllable air flow would help . i d also like one of the racks to be a bit taller . 
0	when you open the single serving pouch ,  there are dark granuals inside that you just dump into a cup . 
1	this knife compares favorably to my much more expensive japanese knives . 
0	i did not get those anymore until using this product . 
1	i ve owned the first one for two years now and it is still going strong . 
0	i use the kyocera hand grinder now ,  i get some exercise ,  and it wont break . 
1	i recommend it to popcorn addicts like me . 
0	you can t turn it off and on easily without looking due to that power cord blocking the switch . 
1	i would prefer a vertical holster that swivels . 
0	this is the first oxo product to disappoint me . 
1	don t try to compare this set to the $ french made sabatier knives . 
0	the force of the moving water was almost enough to dislodge it from the edge . 
1	i find i use less oil and still get a solid coverage for my cooking . 
0	i purchased this to help hide the redness in my face . 
1	use it in my car with my num_extend every day . 
0	the nano was only able to drive the micro adaptor for a little over a hour though . 
1	when it comes to making and receiving phone calls it can t be beat . 
0	which isn t a bad idea when you live in vermont !  . 
1	we bought this to take with us on vacation to cook breakfast in the hotel room . 
0	it burned after one use and he exchanged it . 
1	i don t use the lock function as i just leave it unlocked . 
0	this time i didn t even get to hear three minutes of the art and his jazz messengers . 
1	i used this product in a unique way . 
0	the second i purchased was the realtree series and it doesn t even look like the same case . 
1	keeps them nice and snug so they can t sink down or move from side to side . 
0	i tried to contact the seller and they never responded back to me . 
1	since my cell phone uses alot of juice this was my first replacement that i purchased . 
0	i tossed it when i saw how i looked . 
1	this platter is the perfect size not to big or small . 
0	my hair is a little fine so this did not help me at all . 
1	but the set is still shiny ,  and not one piece has ever bent on me . 
0	i will give it to my num_num yr old to plant tulips . 
1	it has a couple tears on the inside that happened about the middle of the second year of use . 
0	you need to measure the location every time ,  and it might not be very accurate . 
1	discs have a solid weighted feel to them . 
0	it has found % of the addresses i have needed . 
1	i know that they are more expensive than regular storage bags ,  but they are certainly worth the extra . 
0	i don t want that in my body if i can help it . 
1	we got this for our kids ,  who love hot cocoa all year  round . 
0	i would never use this product for cooking or eating however i did find other  uses  for this stuff . 
1	one of the first with a huge processor . 
0	this set doesn t even reach mediocre . the biggest problem it has is really quite simple :  sometimes it just doesn t work . 
1	since that one was still working ,  there was not so much of a need to replace it . 
0	i ,  however ,  will be going back to importing my weetabix from england . 
1	this is the absolute best way to keep the containers fresh and has worked perfectly every single time . 
0	it is next to impossible to accomplish this in a rts . 
1	i recommend cast iron cookware to anyone that is debating it . 
0	this would be a great toy for large dogs . 
1	i can leave the room and still hear it . 
0	for almost num_num years it functioned perfectly ,  then about num_num weeks ago ,  i suddenly had a black screen . 
1	i got the smallest one and it s still huge . 
0	hopefully this was a dud ,  but i had to return it . 
1	i paid $ for mine in late nov . 
0	i got this charger with the intention of making the solder mod that k . 
1	as it bakes ,  the batter will rise and fill the remaining space in the cavity . 
0	however ,  one can tell that the box is cheaply made since the edges weren t even . 
1	the microphone is great ,  the sound quality from the headphones are great . 
0	unfortunately ,  this seller doesn t seem to look over the rings before sending them out . 
1	i can t believe i lived this long without one ! it has made so many things so much easier . 
0	i switched to foil and found i could get a closer shave . 
1	it does everything you would want it to and more . 
0	this wire is aluminum with a thin copper coating . 
1	the non stick finish works well ,  and we have had no problems with cleaning the set . 
0	as a thickener ,  it can be added to drilling fluid or drilling mud to improve its function . 
1	i get about num_num espresso cups out of this size and so far it is easy to clean . 
0	i guess it was too much because it made my skin feel tight and was a little too shimmery . 
1	i have a whole bin in my utensil drawer devoted to these specific spoons . 
0	he destroyed these in less than num_num hour each . 
1	i leave them in the dishwasher to airdry . 
0	i feel that my phone is going to shatter if i drop it . 
1	i ve hooked it up to my samsung num_extend a pc ,  and a num_extend
0	when i put it on ,  it felt like the num_extend wheel ,  a huge square wheel . 
1	i will update the review again after some battery use . 
0	you might say it s too little ,  too late ,  though . these are the game s best points . 
1	if it gets bumped it loses it s connection . 
0	i m tired of popcorn batches that taste like burnt cardboard . 
1	the only problem i ve had with it is that is sometimes leaks around the top . 
0	the belt buckle is a pain as well . 
1	the product very rugged too ,  it can handle any cook who gives their equipment a real workout . 
0	they already taste stale . if you want fat melt inside of your mouth ,  this is the product for you . 
1	it held up well and overall a great product . 
0	was very pleased with the quality and construction . 
1	althought this is advertised as a  leakproof  springform pan ,  i put water in it and it did leak . 
0	the light was on ,  but it wasn t charging the phone . 
1	however ,  we usually make num_num to num_num cups or rice so that we have left overs . 
0	the glue traps and snap traps were effective . 
1	well anything with a dull knife is tricky ,  really . 
0	my eyes welled up ,  throat felt dry and the sneezing continued . 
1	it s great looking too ,  but all clad is not affordable . 
0	buy one at the store before committing to a num_num pack . 
1	remove the cooked dough ,  top with crushed garlic ,  sauce ,  mozzarella cheese ,  parmesan cheese ,  and toppings . 
0	if i don t handle it appropriately ,  it will spin and i will get burnt . 
1	the first time i had coffee from one of thethese ,  i put my automatic drip pot away for good . 
0	i realized that the top screws off and in shipping it had come unscrewed . 
1	these whisks are recommended by cook s illustrated and they are right . 
0	why do you think anyone would buy a sunbeam product after this kind of degradation and deception ?  . 
1	an all clad must have !  highly recommended !  a+  !  . 
0	i guess with this kind of manufacturing its hard to stick within exact tolerances . 
1	i m pleased with this purchase especially for the price . 
0	making kids wait over a hour ,  at night ,  for a total disaster of a project is just cruel . 
1	i mean a lot !  i have ms and my partner has cerebral palsy . 
0	is this grinder something you would be happy with for the long haul ,  absolutely not . 
1	however ,  the loops at the ends are just a tad too small to be practical when turning . 
0	i ve tried every gadget out there including a few home remedies such as rubber gloves etc . 
1	i had another lasko wind machine and it lasted for years . 
0	i had my screen unprotected for longer than that with no scratches ,  so i don t know what gives . 
1	i have ,  however ,  used it several times in rental cars on road trips and it s perfect for that . 
0	bought it at costco with a different base . 
1	it will make your sauce making a breeze !  get this whisk !  . 
0	i have found i can get the same silky smooth effect with other products that i know are safer . 
1	this model is definitely the best yet !  the capacity is incredible . 
0	first off ,  i do think we can compare the two systems . 
1	the feel and balance are perfect in my hand . 
0	got a second one through another store with the same problem . 
1	a few things you ll need are milk ,  powdered milk for thickening ,  a thermometer and a yogurt starter . 
0	i kid you not . it went from packaging to trash can in less than num_num minutes . 
1	i have two and have used both for months now . 
0	maybe ,  but this scale is chrome plated plastic  the tray is metal  and it comes from china . 
1	and here s the kicker :  an arm broke after i had it for a couple of years . 
0	it was shocking how bad this toy was . 
1	a big pain to put on as well as most screen protectors are . 
0	i won t take the chance again ,  though ,  they are just too expensive . 
1	the screen is clearer and the sound volume is better . 
0	this is definitely not a kitty product and i wouldn t give it to my dog either . 
1	the old one still works fine ,  but we have a spare and cannot say how great this product is . 
0	didn t use it right because of a free one given by internet provider . 
1	we purchased one for each of our mothers as gifts ,  and both love it . 
0	the silver colored ones seem to be much better . 
1	my phone is silver with white keys and it looks fine with the black case also . glad i bought it !  . 
0	do not buy unless you collect old game systems . 
1	these are not only large but extra large .  .  .  . just make sure that is what your looking for . 
0	it s slow rolling so he can guide it easier . 
1	i bought this dock for my boyfriend so he could listen to music at his desk at work . 
0	if you are really thinking you need a car mounted cell phone booster ,  i recommend the wilson units instead . 
1	if you like your nexus s get one of these . 
0	i chose this item because i liked my previous foreman grill but it was a pain to clean . 
1	i ve tried this product and can verify that it does work quite well . 
0	i first tried to install it following the instructions on the box ,  which ended up crooked . 
1	in other words ,  my finger meat was left shredded but intact . 
0	they are very heavy chewers and nothing lasts very long . 
1	i ve always wanted to have air flowing ,  either fan in or fan out ,  and this takes care of that . 
0	i liked the look of this cover and because i was renovating my kitchen i wanted a new look . 
1	personally ,  i think it makes a big difference . 
0	even if this were junior sized it would be too small . 
1	that s all this is so if you re looking for more you ll be disappointed . 
0	secrets aside ,  though ,  the levels should still be fun ,  challenging ,  and involving . 
1	for instance ,  the shipping on just this item was $
0	restart ,  be more careful ,  lean around the corner to spy on the action . 
1	it charged my phone to % did it three more times same results . ps there cheep . 
0	the only way i could get it to print was to let the print job fail and then reboot . 
1	it s also built to last a lifetime and easy to pop into the dishwasher . 
0	purchased this toy for my daughter last christmas . 
1	the steak knives are excellent and very sharp out of the box . 
0	at first i was going to send the unit back and they had that all set up right away . 
1	i hope the price stays low as i would like another . 
0	it does not look like real golg ,  an unless you have a microscope ,  you will not see etching . 
1	it s a great buy !  does everything says ,  looks exactly shown on picture ,  very unique case color ,  durable material . 
0	it was a challenge to open the case because i was afraid i would break the case . 
1	there is no contact information whatsoever anywhere in the package ,  on the instructions ,  box ,  etc . 
0	this product is of no use to me whatsoever . 
1	needless to say it was an operator error . 
0	the small harness fits well ,  and i can see that it would work for a large or tall dog . 
1	i don t want to leave an ear infection to chance . 
0	the stix became stuck together or had hairs stuck to them . 
1	the glasses are very heavy and solid ,  although the heavy base is a matter of personal preference . 
0	i bought this for almost num_num bucks ,  it worked fine first . 
1	the company is excellent at standing behind them also . 
0	lens has very slow startup time and takes long to retract back . 
1	i made pie crust using the chopping blade ,  which is the main reason for getting a larger model . 
0	i have owned it for almost num_extend years now . i will break this down step by step : installation : couldn t be easier . 
1	still trying to figure out how to get it off . 
0	out of the box ,  the wireless doesn t work ,  by design . 
1	num_num coffee filter cone i purchased it for . 
0	this sucks . what s the big difference between lignisul and opti ?  a lot .  lignisul msm is manufactured by fine netraceuticals ,  inc . 
1	sometimes the num_extend bowl is just too much ,  especially when only making one loaf of bread . 
0	ea has managed to maintain the nascar franchise s integrity slightly due to that . 
1	it is my second bluetooth and the fit is great . 
0	at first i thought this game was really cool when i started it but it soon became too frustrating . 
1	what is an additional $ or so when you will have this unit for a long time ? by the way . 
0	in good spirits otherwise ,  but potty time was disgusting . 
1	i was very pleased with these cooling racks . 
0	go to your local compusa ,  best buy or circuit city for a close look . 
1	i don t think you want this button changed easily anyway . in short ,  i am very happy with this product . 
0	so after wasting three hours of my life trying to get this device to work ,  back it goes . 
1	it s also easy to put on a take off when necessary . 
0	i am a sony guy and this is one that they should of never put out . 
1	as the size is given in the description ,  i knew that before i bought it . 
0	the fit is also no flattering or controlling at all . 
1	i know they are called fruit roll sheets ,  but honestly ,  we hardly ever use them for fruit . 
0	another shot later ,  and i switched them back to their old iams food . 
1	really ,  i thought ,  $ for a single knife !  well :  the money was well spent . 
0	there are more than enough people on that bandwagon . 
1	the large size can accommodate breads or doughs or lots of cookies or muffins . 
0	for the first time in my very long and active amazon history ,  i think i was  ripped off  . 
1	the spout is has some form to it and it makes pouring real easy . 
0	however ,  only lasted about num_num years until the powerhead stopped working . 
1	you can move apps onto the  sd  partition . 
0	and the stink from this brand .  .  . i just sprayed fabreeze and light a candle . 
1	it has all the necessary clips for attachment . 
0	my num_num came with its own num_num gig hard drive . 
1	this mixer is just the right size for under the counter and fits in with my kitchen perfectly . 
0	i also tried pumping with and without the safety on ,  in case that mattered . 
1	i am very happy with this product and will order these for all my phones in the future . 
0	but the thing is that they catch very few moths . 
1	this assures a quick heating of the unit and discourages the possibility of food contamination from bacteria . 
0	the  solution  they sell doesn t do a thing . 
1	i discovered that the mixer is definitely not indestructible and i was somewhat surprised . 
0	the mascara also takes a long time to set and dry . 
1	the crack would not have happened if i had been using this case . 
0	i also sprayed under my sink in the kitchen and bathroom and down the basement around the entire perimeter . 
1	for the low price ,  it is just what i need . 
0	you use this large squirrel tweezers to pick up the acorns . 
1	i bought these to go on a teapot that has since broken ,  but it worked well . 
0	i thought i would try this brand of shirt . 
1	does not require too much power to open . 
0	it is not made for any that are flip phones . 
1	if you are looking for a fuzzy logic cooker ,  you really shouldn t compare against this one . 
0	i have taken decent num_extend prints even with the lower resolution . 
1	photo looks a little bulkier than the case actually is once you have it on the phone . 
0	i was impressed when i did receive it ,  the quality is very good and it works great . 
1	i ve found that his depends on the specific dishwasher . 
0	what is a wright size ?  who made this vests ,  thay do not know ither . 
1	it arrived quickly and i ve used it almost daily and it seems to be fine . 
0	it doesn t brown  even lightly  english muffins when set all the way to the darkest setting . 
1	either way ,  it s the real authentic charger and it works . 
0	unfortunately ,  it was a few weeks before i opened these up to use and they were all dead . 
1	i use screen protectors for all the phones we ve had . 
0	the missions are almost pointless and definitely are redundant !  it winds up turning into the same thing everytime . 
1	the new one did not heat up well and i contacted amazon . 
0	i took it out of the box ,  put batteries in it ,  read the instructions ,  and put the fluid in . 
1	what i like to make in my le creuset specialty pots often depends on the occasion . 
0	i ve been taking this for about a year . 
1	the hubby asked why we didn t get this years ago ,  so it s a bonafide hit !  . 
0	it s rather depressing to realize so many people are limited by their exposure to better boardgames . 
1	i make all my sauce and dough myself and like the way these cook my pizzas . 
0	i got the num_extend model which has the glass bowl . 
1	first off ,  alot of these negative reviews about air bubbles and lint are ridiculous . 
0	some problems are : it takes forever to id someone as friendly or an enemy . 
1	the waffle iron came with recipes on its package . 
0	i took two sips and could not drink anymore . 
1	does what it s supposed to do ,  easy to clean ,  and easy to store and use . 
0	the rest of the features are with a $ subscription to vocalyst . 
1	on the directions on the package ,  it says to put it all in the popper and cook . 
0	it takes forever ,  no matter how you do it . 
1	i have just about all the different sizes . 
0	if you have a video card other than nvidia .  .  . forget it . 
1	it s easy to use and clean and pours very nicely . 
0	i also tested it out on my face at night . 
1	connects securely  maybe a little tight at first  to both the iphone and the dock . 
0	i took a closer look and realized that this item came with only num_num piston . 
1	the belt in the vacuum didn t last but about num_num weeks . 
0	i kept getting pains for a couple of months after using these . 
1	i have now retired the roasters i have used for years ,  this is better . 
0	maybe it was just a bad batch or maybe keen changed the design . 
1	i am amazed that more companies aren t making this configuration of pot with lid . 
0	it took a while to learn this due to the very rainy weather num_extend
1	nonstick pans are not made to last forever . 
0	did speed tests both before and after tinkering . 
1	you can fold it and put in your pocket safely ,  its clear ,  redial is great . 
0	i m such a coffee snob that i source from specific farmers in ethiopia . 
1	just remember that its frustrating to have to cut little clips so . 
0	the cord charges great !  gave it num_num stars because i cannot use the doc with my hard case . 
1	the  classic  version of wusthofs are laser cut instead of the more expensive forged knives . 
0	i got the tortoise brown with smoke lenses . 
1	the voice dialing is also very useful ,  precise and responsive . 
0	since i only wanted something to build towers ,  i thought it was worth the $
1	i just put it in the fridge while it s filtering . 
0	i wanted to like ginger habanero sauce but i found the taste of this sauce very cloying . 
1	this rating is left based on the quality of the product received . 
0	i have tried this in the past with not much help . 
1	i like to keep at least three around so i always have them . 
0	this product should be taken off the market . 
1	i am taking an advanced baking class and accurate weight is critical to the recipe . 
0	i am also trying different wolff recoil springs to try and match my cartridges  since i reload  .  .  . we ll see . 
1	this battery was new in packaging when it arrived and mostly solved my troubles with the storm . 
0	apparently consumer reports has never tested the  bad version  that slips and burns belts . 
1	this battery maintains a charge longer than the samsung oem that came with my phone . 
0	i don t think it did any good to my hair . 
1	like other reviewers i too have an imperfectly house trained dog . 
0	forget it !  it has no  save game  except for checkpoints that are ridiculously far apart . 
1	using the vent mount is as simple as clipping it on to your vent and took me num_num seconds . 
0	com n amazon !  read all the reviews and amp up the sizing option . 
1	first ,  use plain hot water without soap or detergent to clean it . 
0	i think it would be worth the extra money to buy something that will last longer . 
1	i am so glad to find this product . 
0	i have a big antenna in my attic for the last num_num years . 
1	the bowls that came with my corelle dinnerware are nice but just slightly too small for many things . 
0	it s a serious turn off to deal with it just to try to play a dang video game . 
1	since the handle can be turned sideways it is easy to fill and clean . 
0	i am surprised amazon has this seller . every where else it is $ a good product ,  really sweet . 
1	i got tired of having to refill the small type so often so i got num_num of these . 
0	they told me i could return it to the vendor ,  but amazon does not allow this . 
1	i turn on the roomba and go upstairs . 
0	after a while wearing these ,  your ears start to feel really hot . 
1	just used my last batch of pizzelle mix and planning to order more . 
0	now i have to go through the hassle of returning it . 
1	i ve had this blue tooth earpiece for a few months now . 
0	the color would be great if it had more substance and coverage . 
1	i was also glad that the cords are longer than what came with the original phone . 
0	i didn t really want to spend $ for an otterbox . 
1	on my evo num_extend this case and the extended battery solved my power problems . 
0	i hate this cause this came messed up . 
1	he keeps his phone on his desk and does whatever he wants and answers his phone too from them . 
0	don t get me started on the buttons ,  this case makes pressing the buttons a real chore . 
1	another is made in a perfect cube to fill the space under the air conditioner . 
0	i chose these two because they both use the same batteries . 
1	i ve had this steamer for nearly five years  purchased feb . 
0	so i gave it to a friend he likes it . 
1	i also use them for my sewing things :  great for buttons !  . 
0	if you are looking for something simple that is as easy as most things for windows xp ,  look elsewhere . 
1	i liked it so much ,  i went back and bought one for my daughter . 
0	the lcd would go white after about num_num minutes of being on . 
1	it stretches enough to snap into place and stay on snugly . 
0	i am wondering where those fibers come from ?  . 
1	the walls are thin so most magnets slip easily; this does not . 
0	when i ordered the title specifically said pack of six . 
1	my other coffee pot started leaking and because i am addicted to coffee .  .  .  . i needed one pronto . 
0	if they tried to ride this one ,  they just fell off . 
1	i don t put it in the dishwasher and i don t have to . 
0	years ago these were the best briefs you could buy . 
1	i would recommend this unit to anyone and everyone who wants a countertop grill in their kitchen . 
0	the checkers are small ,  very flimsy ,  and not magnetic . 
1	they also hand wash perfectly ,  overall great value . 
0	apparently ,  bottles of wine under  money uses slightly less fat corks so the rabbit can t grip it . 
1	different brands will have different smoke points ,  which i commented on in my review ofking rice bran oil . happy grilling !  . 
0	dont take my word for it buy it as a trophy collectible waste your money . 
1	i only wish they would offer it in black . 
0	plus ,  the well is so small i have to refill at least twice . 
1	yep ,  it s a hundred bucks plus ,  no argument . 
0	now i m in there and the fx do not work with the focusrite drivers . 
1	i have been looking for a lid for frying pan for awhile now . 
0	they had a bad reaction ,  however :  my fish freaked out ,  and my filter cartridge needed to be replaced . 
1	just received a call from her re the charger . 
0	the series num_num did not perform up to my expectations . 
1	we do put a sheet of foil underneath . 
0	i don t need wifi on my ereader but it looks like they re all offering it now . 
1	it works with my current provider and the features are excellent . 
0	i have re num_extend num_extend num_extend own the num_extend num_extend all for gamecube . 
1	it doubles as a case ,  which may be a big plus for some iphone owners . 
0	my skin is very fair ,  sensitive ,  and it has been subject to acne and rosacea for num_num years . 
1	when i got some burnt on food ,  i scraped it off and washed it as normal . 
0	oz says is a must for any diet . 
1	i was smitten ,  the knife is simply perfect . 
0	if you plan on using wireless devices near this product i would not recommend it . 
1	that s it though ,  otherwise this is a num_num out of num_extend
0	without fail ,  every time i put something in the bag ,  it rips . 
1	i don t know why i never thought about upgrading my funnel . 
0	this is great because he has kidney issues . 
1	you can double  or more  this recipe without adding any more sugar ,  salt ,  or oil . 
0	my cats loved playing with these things but they fell apart in just a few days . 
1	dried is just not the same . keep the plastic cover it comes with . 
0	finally ,  even the store salesman said  don t ever jog with this !    nuf said . 
1	after a few moments ,  i forget i m wearing them . 
0	terrier mutt mix who is a professional escape artist . 
1	i should mention we grind our beans ,  and we purchase ground coffee . 
0	it s a big risk plugging my num_extend into a device that could potentially be a knock off . 
1	the non stick pans are so nice for the quick items tho  . 
0	only gave out heat for between three to four hours . 
1	carbonized food residue can integrate with the cast iron or come off in trunks . 
0	i ll stick with the original instead ,  this game ,  in my opinion blows goats . 
1	has a lot of combinations of buttons which takes a bit of time to learn . 
0	you can also fit a gas canister and stove if you remove one or both of the cups . 
1	the current rom i have for it is something called cyanmobile experience . 
0	even before i used it on meat ,  i tried it out on a folded kitchen towel . 
1	by contrast ,  this breville throws the pulp into a container so it never accumulates in the machine . 
0	this was a waste of money for me . 
1	there are three colors that are special editions ,  chartreuse ,  juniper and sapphire . 
0	it really isn t for small lenses ,  like on gadgets . 
1	i bought it as a low cost alternative to an omelet pan and it has far exceeded my expectations . 
0	the plastic shattered when the cut neared one edge and i was struck by many bits of sharp plastic . 
1	good price for its  accuracy and other pro features . 
0	this did not transmit the audio to my headphones ,  no sound whatsoever . 
1	there still seems to be an occasional issue with my bluetooth headset . 
0	when the songs would play all i was getting was the instruments and backup vocals ,  no leads . 
1	it may just be me ,  and your experience may differ from mine . 
0	toolkit was included and instructions can be found at ifixit . 
1	one for the car ,  one for the house ,  and one for travel . 
0	shipping would be more trouble than it s worth . 
1	works to do delicate slicing ,  too ,  for things like seared ahi or ,  especially ,  bread . 
0	that s fine but shipping heavy parts is expensive and they will not cover the cost . 
1	this pan is very ,  very well made and is backed by a lifetime warranty . 
0	i should attempt to get a refund ,  but didn t think it worth the effort . 
1	i had no idea it would be so beautiful . 
0	i bought a large pair for large hands . 
1	my parents  dishes still look as good as new . 
0	sorry to say that i didn t really like it; though i m glad that it works for others . 
1	i was wearing the lanyard with the playsport while floating in the  lazy river  ride at a water park . 
0	i should have listened to that little voice the first time . 
1	saved money and got a great larger canner for my brother who is just starting his canning adventures . 
0	or ,  better yet ,  make a free standing num_extend tent . 
1	no strange cutting of impossible plastic display boxes ,  it opens right up . 
0	i ended up buying a dynex num_extend cat num_extend ethernet cable from best buy for too much money . 
1	i use a plastic wrap or foil to cover the dish and it stores the leftovers well . 
0	it never worked for me on the num_num computers i tried it on . 
1	removed a couple of air bubbles with the piece of cardboard provided ,  and voila . 
0	my daughter has had a similar experience with this machine . 
1	an excellent replacement for my lost ear hook . 
0	less background hiss ,  nicer balance of tonality ,  and overall pleasantness . 
1	i ve owned several pressure cookers over the years . 
0	the image might even be characterized as a misrepresentation . 
1	great for using you phone like a gps . 
0	dog will cut through the shaping cord on the outside rims in no time flat . 
1	since i can t get the best of both worlds ,  i think this item is wonderful !  . 
0	we re talking ed lenses to get  pro  results . 
1	the stop scratches from getting on the creen and are fairly easy to apply . 
0	the light part of the shoe is actually a light yellow . 
1	more and more cars are coming with bluetooth integrated in them . 
0	the sprinkler system head does not deliver enough water . 
1	the regular candy shells dont  have a very large opening for the chargers . 
0	even the case itself started to look dingy and scratched up . 
1	no rushing around cooking at the end of a long day . 
0	i generally don t have a very discerning palate when it comes to coffee . 
1	plus ,  it is a little thicker that most other phones . 
0	but the little person who received it likes it a lot . 
1	i am using them for more than cell phones and it works very well . 
0	needless to say ,  we rarely let the kiddo play with them . 
1	i ve used num_num of them now and none have ever fallen off . 
0	there definitely wasn t any consequence for my actions as the makers would have you believe . 
1	nothing beats a gas stove top and a good heavy wok !  . 
0	my num_num lb dog can chew a  large  treat in minutes . 
1	the decorations always fell until i get these suction hooks . 
0	the highest number i ever had to go up was nine before it cycled back to zero . 
1	not a huge pitcher and it uses the standard brita filter design . 
0	they seem quiet narrow and i have a wide foot . 
1	it is very light and easy to carry . 
0	the bra was as loose as a goose . 
1	i don t like them as they are made out of stoneware ,  which does chip . 
0	so i thought this would be a sure win ,  a liquid pencil  uses fluid graphite  by sharpie . 
1	i would reccomend it if you have a bigger sink . 
0	i received more channels without it as i could not get any channels with it . 
1	i use it on a boat to prepare baits and to kill the salmons . 
0	reasonable quality speaker  not loud enough for my convertible num_extend
1	i saw the most amazing video to get the shell off of the boiled egg . 
0	this is yet another silly plastic doodad that you can easily bypass . 
1	the only thing i would change is that they are heavy to lift . 
0	seems like i should be able to figure it out . 
1	i ll update if they somehow have a glitchy connection . 
0	you know the one .  .  . the one that is too hard to clean . 
1	i got them mainly to save drying time associated with laundering ,  and in that regard they are great . 
0	i put it back on and taped it and it still came off again . 
1	not a problem ,  but that requires some planning ahead so as not to run out while waiting for delivery . 
0	as a fan of the movie ,  i had high hopes for this game ,  but they didn t pan out . 
1	the sizes are varied enough that they cover all but the largest of storage needs . 
0	i also included a pretty much standard  larger size  num_num oz . 
1	we really like it and have recommended it as a good value . 
0	i agree with the single num_num star rater here ,  the frog is too large for the item . 
1	in my opinion it puts the other brands to shame . 
0	it is really banging away at your teeth and does as good a job as the non pulsatinging . 
1	i bought this one for spices  ,  seeds ,  and small grains . 
0	dawn of mana is no exception as it is without a doubt one of the worst mana games ever . 
1	but my girlfriend just wanted a slim case like this and she freaking loves this one . 
0	they definitely are making these as cheap as possible ,  save your money . 
1	but we chose that one because we could can more quarts at one time . 
0	i find that using a dinner fork actually works better and feels more secure than this instrument . 
1	it has bluetooth but i have not used it . 
0	noticed my clock has to be updated every so often .  . not sure why that is . 
1	she says it s easy to use and brews the coffee perfectly each time . 
0	although this does work ,  it s slow and tedious . 
1	and like i said ,  it gets daily use . 
0	i will only get the real rabbit from now on . 
1	i recommend this to anyone who wants to bake some winter themed shortbread cookies or even a shallow cake !  . 
0	very frustrating ,  and it seems like we are not the only ones . 
1	it has no scratches but everything is starting to stick to the bottom even when i grease it . 
0	lucustarts wanted them to make the sequel to kotor ,  unfortunately their developers were tied up with jade empire . 
1	i used my old droid car charger with the navigation on ,  bluetooth on ,  and wifi on . 
0	mcvities claims that it does not use hydrogenated oil ,  but it does use a range of other oils . 
1	i am amazed at how much i love this popper and there is no other out there . 
0	it made my hair look like it was just covered in dust . 
1	it is more environmentally friendly than the keurig . 
0	before you order this make sure you have a phone that takes it . 
1	i wanted a rectangular baking stone so i didn t have to always make a round pizza . 
0	overall i was not happy with the game itself . 
1	i have small ears so this headset fit me perfectly . 
0	i got into the habit of using the phone . 
1	the ear buds fit me fine ,  but others might not feel that way . 
0	it is a white pigment ,  an opacifier and a sunscreen . 
1	leave it in console so kids can use extra port for their i pads . 
0	there is no such aspect to this game . 
1	i put my teakettle on the very top shelf and have my aprons hanging on the top hook . 
0	i wasted my money on this product and will never buy from them again . 
1	same color as mine but the professional model . 
0	the game is quite pretty ,  and contains a great amount of character an personality . 
1	excellent head set ,  i hear them and they hear me . 
0	the guy who said he d rather play et on his atari num_num couldn t be more right . 
1	i buy them by the dozen . a great functional product that won t let you down . 
0	it seems to work in my daughter s home but did nothing for my cats . 
1	i was a bit unsure about the size of this pan . 
0	the most i believe it s worth is $
1	non stick seems durable ,  but still early to tell . 
0	this may work for smaller cellphones ,  but my vibrant was too big to slide in . 
1	i looked over other reviews and looked at products in stored before deciding on this one . 
0	i m sorry to report i bought this based on its great reviews . 
1	this vacuum fit the bill perfectly . it is very light . 
0	i m very disappointed . suggestion to plantronics :  making different style earbuds available for their headsets . 
1	we have been using this daily for the past two months and love it . 
0	i have asked them to make their ad not be misleading . 
1	it is fantastic !  it is solidly constructed and truly stainless steel ,  not something that claims to be . 
0	took two months to come ,  came almost completely knocked and scratched up . 
1	the phone inductively charges fast ,  probably just as fast as using the microusb . 
0	i bought this to shred daikon radishes for sashimi . 
1	it s been scary ,  since i could die from mistakes . 
0	my experience with the apple wireless mouse has not been good . 
1	it ships with an num_num gb microsd card . 
0	and no ,  he does not give it up willingly . 
1	i like this coffee maker to make me coffee quickly and make sure it is hot . 
0	the con started a month after purchase when suddenly the timer wouldn t shut off no matter what . 
1	i bought mine from amazon cuz this was just about the lowest price i could find . 
0	after one football game the hexagon pads start breaking loose . 
1	i have to cut the fabric up into manageable sized pieces to strain my pumpkin puree . 
0	because we didn t have a car we couldn t keep the phone charged and it kept dying . 
1	i like these but they are so hard to put on with bubbles or specks . 
0	so that s a lot of crap right there as well . 
1	after both sides are done finish in the oven if wanted for num_num or so minutes . 
0	fortunately ,  i ve been able to clean it up before it s stained my counters . 
1	i think it may actually be a tad faster . 
0	i can not use wax on my face because i break out really badly . 
1	i rate this unit a num_num star because it charged quickly and easy to manage . 
0	live video stream  ,  the battery wouldn t last for more than an hour . 
1	extra care was given to the glass lids . 
0	i can t tell it s going though the kvm switch . i hope they call me back so it works . 
1	the higher heat helps get the top of the fish a bit crusty . 
0	this toy is cute ,  but that s about it . 
1	i warm the water in the morning ,  and the bottle keeps it warm during the whole day . 
0	you can t even use an upgrade when you get the capsule . 
1	i ve had my mount for a couple months now . 
0	i can t believe it s from olay which has been my favorite brand . 
1	 they use it for hot tea  of course .  . can t push the button . 
0	i don t know if that s the case here ,  but it could explain it . 
1	the carafe means you never have bitter ,  burned coffee to deal with . 
0	i reacted to these so i don t know how effective they might really . 
1	it makes a great bowl of popcorn  o . k .  ,  i eat the whole bowl myself  . 
0	second was that the handles and cup holders were reinforced . 
1	the num_num model from two years ago is fabulous . 
0	a new ,  diferent one is going on my birthday list . 
1	i never thought that rice cooking would become such a fun . 
0	whoever designed this should be tarred and feathered !  not worth $ the price of a good card . 
1	there s also a zippered opening in the back . 
0	now ,  after num_num months ,  it is completely corroted . 
1	i was totally amazed at the care taken to prevent them from breaking in transit . 
0	num_num stars only because it does what it claims . 
1	i would highly recommend for to anyone who is looking for one of these . 
0	i bought it for my son ,  cut it down to his size per the instructions on the package . 
1	if you re going to be making lots of fresh pasta ,  you need one of these . 
0	lots of people said it helped them overcome the dependence . 
1	it s turned out to be one of those tools i reach for constantly . 
0	at almost $ a box this is an expensive snack . 
1	i have several less expensive units that have diagonal blades and they are close to useless . 
0	yep ,  just let them air out and all will be ok . 
1	it is a deep block ,  meaning it will hold a num_extend blade easily . 
0	sent them back to koss for warranty repair . 
1	my all clad ltd num_extend fry pan is my most used pan . 
0	i actually returned this product because it is way too big for simply adding to a monopod . 
1	remember ,  these are manual type cutters that do require patience and safety issues . 
0	i own an xbox and hate num_extend graphics ,  but i was impressed by the many things this game supports . 
1	even with cleaning the plastic one with bleach every week ,  it still looked bad and had an odor . 
0	my hand was moving all over inside of it . mitt was okay but material wayyyy tooo thin . 
1	seems to be a nice product haven t used it for very long . 
0	it s almost like he tiptoes his way into num_extend there are only about num_num or num_num levels altogether . 
1	it does an excellent job at steaming small to medium size ears of corn . 
0	pick another one that isn t produced in china . 
1	i am using this as a whole house attic fan and it works just fine . 
0	turns out after a few uses the battery somehow shorted . 
1	since we consider this a major flaw in a dispenser ,  at least in ours ,  we down rated it . 
0	 the fluval foam pads that i m using have lasted num_num months  . 
1	in that brief moment in time ,  your pulse quickens and your bp rises . 
0	the product i got had a beige color deeper than the one in the picture and a white cord . 
1	however ,  the new num_extend seems to have slightly better sound quality . 
0	i am so disappointed and this bottle is not even fit for a burner or diffuser . 
1	instantly ,  i could hear that the sound quality was not what it should be . 
0	it has been sitting in his room untouched for over a week now !  bad buy for the price . 
1	it empties and cleans easily and can also be used in tea pots to brew larger amounts of tea . 
0	see cleaning tip below .  cleaning tip :  you do not need to buy these cleaners to get your monitors like new . 
1	it is also lightweight and i can barely felt it . 
0	having to  kill  the same boss monster over and over again makes you feel like you re going in num_extend
1	i wiped it with a bit of canola oil before using it to prevent sticking just in case . 
0	i ve owned several through the years and have had no complaints ,  until now . first ,  the sheath is not as described . 
1	i ve had people comment on them as they enter my home and insist on removing their shoes . 
0	i ordered two of these headsets and have been very happy with the fit and sound quality . 
1	the single greatest useful feature is the battery life . 
0	i recommend an adapter from belkin instead of linksys . 
1	i would recommend these to anyone who wants to remember an easier time . 
0	i will be taking this back and try to find another thermometer that works . 
1	it charges really fast and gives you about num_num percent battery . 
0	my laptop was overheating and shutting down when i tried to play a game like halo or counterstrike online . 
1	but it cleans the floors pretty well and can clean both hardwood and carpet with two different settings . 
0	makes it quite difficult to maneuver and get my hair curled . 
1	i don t put my lids in the dishwasher ,  so maybe that s the issue . 
0	the quality is poor even on the highest setting . 
1	if you goof up ,  no problem !  just remove and reapply solution as before and try again . 
0	i ve used this brand of foot cream with no ill effects . 
1	as others have mentioned ,  the handle wasn t even attached in my box . 
0	i cannot upload any video from the camera  a powershot num_extend to computer . 
1	we ve never had a problem with the whistles . 
0	thought price was attractive ,  figured even if private supplier ,  if coming from amazon warehouse they d be ok . 
1	i used mine to recharge my num_extend until i bought the anker num_num mah battery for the phone . 
0	this is a stupid design since not everyone wants to use that thermal mug . 
1	it is also bagless ,  which i found is actually good point as it keeps this vacuum light and small . 
0	but without the body of a real potato ,  these just don t cut the mustard . 
1	i am able to charge it the car if i have to and charge well at home . 
0	my dog looked at this thing and didn t want anything to do with it . 
1	i called ka and they are sending out a pro num_num to replace my pro num_extend
0	bnow all you crappy reviewesirs kn ow what o fee;l laikieanyways ,  that s it . 
1	i highly recommend it for persons who want an economical but reliable coffee maker . use it in good health !  . 
0	it was tiny but enough to cause a serious leak . 
1	checking things we froze and stored num_num months ago ,  there are no issues . 
0	they agreed ,  but after two weeks with no pickup made ,  i contacted again . 
1	it also has rubber strips that go around the mounting point to protect the paint etc . 
0	i know this is just me ,  but the yellowish color made me think of fingernails discolored from constant smoking . 
1	exact same battery that came with the phone !  perfect match . 
0	it just slides down the shoulder straps until it falls all the way down . 
1	it s pretty ,  however it s a hard case so you have to be careful with it . 
0	but outdoor ,  it works fine . the part i was happiest with was the software that came with it . 
1	i bought a black one for me and a pink one for my wife . 
0	it definetly reduces underarm wetness by atleast %
1	super useful ,  never realized that i would need this item so much till i got it . 
0	you can t hear anything .  . the worst part is when we bought it it was fine . 
1	she has this one and has been very pleased with it . 
0	i am not able to return the product as i am pretty much house bound . 
1	i was shocked on what was left in our carpet from our hoover canister . 
0	it has become increasingly harder to do this because of this . 
1	they get messy and you never know when you squeeze how much is going to come out . 
0	it s the price point where it s not worth getting support from the seller . 
1	it s an essential tool in my kitchen ,  and i expect to get another num_num years  use out of it . 
0	tech support said i had an old driver . 
1	any collector of this lenox pattern knows what a pleasure it is to serve on these plates . 
0	i stopped using the products immediately and washed my face thoroughly ,  but the skin irritation got worse . 
1	i used mine for my ipad and it s perfect . 
0	i reached out to the manufacturer via their website twice but they never responded to me . 
1	then i tried a few ultrasonic  ultraexpensive  humidifiers ,  which really hardly bring the humidity up  i have a hygrometer  . 
0	the  brushed chrome  is plastic ,  as it the canister itself . 
1	comes apart easily into a few parts to wash . 
0	i have nothing nice to say about this coffee . 
1	needless to say ,  i ended up with a cracked screen . 
0	the reviewers who have stated that this is not memory foam are correct . 
1	the kinivo num_extend bluetooth headphone is an excellent product . 
0	have ordered russell in the past  with great satisfaction  but apparently not the same shirt . 
1	this grinder produces even grinding and great coffee . 
0	i was not happy with the actual color when it arrived . 
1	i wish i had figured this out sooner . 
0	nintendo and sony fans are too smart and considerate for that immature nonsense . 
1	the best test was as i talked on the headset and turned up the car stereo gradually . 
0	it also tracks a lot as it sticks to cats paws easily . 
1	the bristles are holding up great ,  the angle is good ,  and it cleans up dishes like nobody s business . 
0	obviously they must live some place with high humidity . 
1	also ,  i was happy to find a set that comes with glasses instead of mugs . 
0	if you do use this ,  have a very deep bowl to put underneath the chute . 
1	cool ,  calm ,  collected and concise ,  too . they ll not believe it ,  i assure you . 
0	we had one of those clear ,  round ,  jumbo sized zip tie containers from costco . 
1	as it stands ,  these will probably only last one or two years before we have to buy another set . 
0	it isn t very bright ,  and the screen is hard to read while riding . 
1	the wood of this desk looks and feels so much better than particle board . 
0	i thought my cats would love this toy . 
1	but that is more operator error that problem with the product . 
0	i tried to calibrate it ,  but that didn t help . 
1	bravo amazon !  it was much smaller and lighter than i had imagined . 
0	it s a decent introduction to rpg s ,  but by no means is it the best . 
1	i am assuming this one will not last long . 
0	it is designed to be held with the handle in the fist ,  and the blade protruding between two fingers . 
1	it comes with smart pad which helps to mount this holder on any surface . 
0	unless you brake with num_num fingers i would not buy it . 
1	i can t think of one thing bad to say about this item . 
0	a few drops of mio caused the water in my glass to turn brownish red . 
1	so i launched it out front in the garbage pile one tuesday morning before the trash pickers came . 
0	i have to stop ,  again ,  for another stupid technical problem . this is on top of num_num other problems . 
1	it is fun to see all the dirt collect in the base . 
0	this works much better for her keeping the fleas off . 
1	the cup is portioned right with a thinning at the top which is what i was looking to get . 
0	unctuous ,  white flakes ,  insoluble in water ,  soluble in alcohol ,  to obtain a firmer product at ordinary temperatures . 
1	with good fresh ground coffee and my new bodum ,  i am in coffee heaven . 
0	i put on my glasses and saw hair ,  lots of hair in the bar . 
1	i must say i never put it on high for sleep ,  low is the most one can tolerate . 
0	but onguard really needs to get their act together when it comes to the mounting bracket . update : down to num_num stars . 
1	i have used thirstystone for a while now and love them . 
0	i didn t ,  and it was way smaller than i expected . 
1	i don t like to cut chunks off my cheese ,  as i believe it stores better in a block . 
0	could not adjust the position of the dot . 
1	i guess samsung wants their phones are only compatible with samsung bluetooth headset . 
0	the original filter snaps shut tightly so there is no leakage . 
1	while it fits in my pocket and isn t a nuisance to carry ,  not everyone will feel this way . 
0	we were very excited to order these as it was a great price and we love keen sandals . 
1	really like this salad spinner; it is really easy to use . 
0	the next day i woke up to hundreds of pimple like lesions on my stomach and back . 
1	since i purchased my num_num used muffin makers the prices on ebay have more than doubled . 
0	actually sort of insults your intelligence as an individual . 
1	also ,  the speaker crapped out after num_num days . 
0	she grew up and now she s a great warrior . 
1	around num_num hours they were gone and the large lump of bubbles was gone as well . 
0	the first toy to bite the dust out of a box of num_num toys that i ordered . 
1	i d like to purchase the num_extend set as well . 
0	it wasn t the worst soap i ve tried ,  but it s low on the list . 
1	these are perfect for baking in my rv oven for several num_extend
0	usually when i buy sardines they are just the regular cans . 
1	it seals well enough to be able to shake the jug ,  and even turn it upside down . 
0	this then requires a num_num week turnaround ,  what a hassle . 
1	yummy ! update :  one year laterwell ,  still love the juicer . 
0	i got auburn and it s more like a brick red ,  . 
1	for the money ,  these have proven to be a great organization solution for a lot of odd things . 
0	when the time came ,  and i was in a kitchen with nothing but water to drink ,  i tried it . 
1	looked on amazon for oem replacements when the cat chewed through the cord and found these . 
0	these head phones do not stay in your ear . 
1	this holder for num_num knives does exactly what i want it to do . 
0	i had my hubby asking me why i smell like rubbing alcohol  not good  . 
1	my son still enjoys playing angry birds on it . 
0	i read the reviews ,  did research and chose this model . 
1	i ve used these lids before and they seal well . 
0	it was so strong i could smell it straight through the bottle when i opened up the package . 
1	i even use it for steaks done on the range and get perfectly done medium rare every single time . 
0	we bought this for our son for christmas since he loves trains so much . 
1	i didn t want to spend the money for another big machine and found this one . 
0	however ,  i never use it ,  because it drops syncing with no provocation . 
1	the airwasher isn t meant to create air circulation ,  so its humidity is somewhat localized . 
0	i ordered this on appearance and description ,  which did not capture the reality of this knife . 
1	glad i paid a few more pennies for a much quicker delivery . 
0	 time and money i will the would create something original for the game . 
1	the factory edge was perfectly honed and sharp as a razor right from the get go . 
0	i had bought a round one a few weeks before this one . 
1	it s even big enough for people like me with gunnzzzz . 
0	i normally wear num_extend and this bra make it look like num_extend
1	there is no risk of scratching the phone ,  so don t need to be too careful . 
0	the characters are designed decent ,  but they have no texture . 
1	also ,  the holster secures the phone very well . 
0	just like a cheap dollar store lp gloss with a light tint that is very unflattering . 
1	however ,  i am also a clumsy person and accidentally broke them . 
0	the company shipped the item in a timely manner and it was securely packaged ,  arriving without any damage . 
1	seldom use the mute so it s not an issue . 
0	a waste of money if you ask me . 
1	i also tried chicken ,  and that was a breeze . 
0	i will not buy another piece of revere ware . 
1	great length ,  scalloped for perfect poultry ,  beef and pork slices . 
0	don t be fooled in thinking you can fly and drive everything under the sun ,  well you can . 
1	it is rugged enough and snap fits well . 
0	the attachment that comes with it was not properly assembled and is cheap plastic . 
1	i food the foodsaver system ,  and foodsaver does what it says . 
0	it came off all in one piece  not glued on well at all  . 
1	don t put it in the dishwasher ,  because most cleaning products have bleach in them and will tarnish this metal . 
0	worked great and i loved it .  .  .  .  . until a couple of days past the warranty period . 
1	i was very frustrated in the beginning when i had purchased my first anker astro mini . 
0	it s a metal insert in a plastic handle . 
1	cooking in a teflon pot causes food to steam cook . 
0	i was hoping this would be better as i m not a huge fan of those . 
1	this stylus is a good size and works well . 
0	that makes the keyboard completely useless on the iphone num_extend with num_extend
1	the jawbone icon is the best bluetooth headset i have ever owned . 
0	in the past i ve purchased inexpensive sb scrubs from walmart but unfortunately they no longer make them . 
1	however ,  that is not an issue for me ,  since i always move the coffee into an insulated carafe . 
0	i had to let him take over my computer to install the software in the new num_extend
1	the texture on the back improves grip and i have the feeling that the nexus is well protected . 
0	it said it would work on darker brown and highlighted hair . 
1	it s a little awkward to poor out of it . 
0	good num_num house hold  , but not for the skin . what u pay is what u get . 
1	recommend only using one earbud when on the phone . 
0	i requested a return and amazon just refunded my money and said to keep it . 
1	it is stored in the small funnel and nothing will drain out the bottom until it is removed . 
0	the  grit  melts when you rub it between your palms ,  but it s still kind of annoying . 
1	this was my first foray into the bt department . 
0	i will try that this weekend and update my review . 
1	blows out powerful cool air for such a small fan . 
0	i am also stuck on the training mission . 
1	i will be watching for the next sale so i can give some as presents . 
0	i had high expectations for this product given the sennheiser brand . 
1	i use it on my parmesan cheese all the time . 
0	the compression sack that comes with it is not the best . 
1	kids are always moving their chargers from home to friends homes . 
0	if you buy this product make sure the bottom tube is pushed in place tightly !  !  !  . 
1	unfortunately ,  when the headset arrived ,  i noticed that there was evidence of earwax under the earbud . 
0	i will not use or purchase again sadly . 
1	this brush is well made with the known oxo good grips handle . 
0	to make matters worse ,  my skin has broken out from forehead to chin in innumerable bumps . 
1	she says the toast pops put at a good height so you don t burn your fingers . 
0	the voice acting is above average even for nowadays; it must have been spectacular num_num years ago . 
1	this is my second one of these devices . 
0	tit didn t do anything at all for my acne and also it made my face winkled . 
1	you can peel num_num or num_num cloves in about num_num seconds  i m not exagerating  . 
0	the other method i learned at our local children s science museum . 
1	it detracts from the protection this case is supposed to offer . 
0	i was hopeful this would be a useful product and healthy for the environment . 
1	a wood cutting board really helps keep your knives sharp ,  which for me ,  is really important . 
0	i packed it back up and returned it . 
1	i ve ran them through the dishwasher dozens of times and the labels with the measurement markings are still clear . 
0	i would not recommend this product to anyone . 
1	i use this with zucchini ,  carrots ,  etc to make veggie noodles . 
0	so with the loofah it will still be worth using the rest of the bottle . 
1	if you need to just quickly cut or chop one thing they are great . 
0	these speakers are by far the worst sounding speakers i ever owned . 
1	make really good popcorn and the top is the serving dish . 
0	as you level up ,  killing known monster types does not get easier because they level up with you . 
1	we have to travel a lot so portable speakers are a necessity . 
0	not much more evenly but a little bit . 
1	so far ,  no problem with the charge  it s been two months since i got the first one  . 
0	so i blame the ati stock not fitting right not the gun . 
1	then i tighten the lid  of the jar  and stick it in the fridge . 
0	find another way to play you tunes in the car . 
1	the towel is just the right size to cover and retain the heat . 
0	no communication between the remote control and the heli . 
1	what saved this device from becoming a dust collector or a cabinet ordainment ,  are the differences in preparation devices . 
0	be sure the booster seat will fit flat inside the contours of your bucket seat . 
1	i doubt the plastic parts or motor on this blender would be able to take constant use . 
0	this is far from the worst dog food on the shelf . 
1	i bought these to make little treats for my dogs . 
0	applying further pressure only send sit scurrying along the floor . now keep in mind you need a large room . 
1	if you like to bake and present something special ,  this is a great pan to use . 
0	i would never recommend this product to anyone . 
1	the feel of this stylus is great ,  it feels solid and has a nice weight . 
0	the ones i have thrown out have had the following problems . 
1	it saves your hands from all that work . 
0	i normally have a wonderful experience with amazon ,  but this bread box has become a headache for me . 
1	i love this so much i had to get a second one . 
0	i quickly moved onto other games and forget that i had purchased black and white . 
1	you never know when a belts decides to go out and then no vacuum cleaner . 
0	many reviewers have mentioned leaks and spills and loss of the blender s contents . 
1	i bought it because my son broke the usb conector of his playbook . 
0	i bought this pair in a num_num medium . 
1	i do have a very furry dog so i use my vacuum very frequently . 
0	i followed the instructions ,  you can use the product several different ways . 
1	i only wish that everyone owned one so that they d experience its superior quality . 
0	i should have went to a gun or sporting store and invested my money wisely . 
1	i bought two more for friends who wanted it as well . 
0	this does not fit the num_extend macbook pro . 
1	the stone is num_extend x num_extend adequate for most kitchen knives ,  though a wider one would be nicer . 
0	when you buy this game you only by it for a limited amount of times . 
1	i ordered four more molds for my children and grandchildren . 
0	once a piece comes off ,  the stuffing ,  squeakers and any rattlers aren t far behind . 
1	this set is exactly what you think it is . 
0	i don t have a need to wear one all the time ,  but just for certain calls . 
1	reusable again ,  and again ,  and again ,  and again .  .  . and inexpensive !  i have num_num of them . 
0	when we got it back ,  it looked as if someone had literally taken a sledghammer to it . 
1	much easier to use than her older ones and it heats very evenly across its surface . 
0	i d actually say that for a product like this a % chance of failure is way too high . 
1	however ,  if the basket is not placed just so ,  the spinner will not turn properly . 
0	when i take it i fall asleep within num_num minutes and i m out for most of the night . 
1	i use it to hide the cat litter box from guests and our dog . 
0	i hate it and am frustrated with it . 
1	the back with those  hd pixels  gives my hand a little better grip on the phone . 
0	this was the main reason i wanted the shooter ,  as i hate cutting carrots . 
1	the kindle fire tablet increased from % to % in approximately num_num minutes . 
0	a clearly designed website would be second best . 
1	i received my pan in the time they stated i would and i have been enjoying using the pan . 
0	they are thinner than what i m used to . 
1	i saved on platic bags by using my ball jars that i have on hand . 
0	guess i shouldn t fault the heating pad for doing it s job ,  but i really didn t like it . 
1	this cover looks very nice and it s cheap . 
0	these r not anti glare screenprotectors period !  they r just the reg clear screen protectors . 
1	i have enjoyed using this overall and the price was great . 
0	coffe maker at our local shoprite  the closest store to our home  . 
1	the lodge brand is an amazing value and what great quality . 
0	he had to have a bath right away with his face washed to get the residue off . 
1	it fits right in my dishwasher and cleans up well . 
0	it does offer subtle softness after washing my face . 
1	before i actually bought it i did some serious testing and reading about other headsets . 
0	hence whenever you touched or moved the cable ,  it is annoying loud noise in the ear . 
1	one cake recipe should make about four small cakes . the duet cakelets hold num_extend cups each . 
0	i m hoping ,  because of the other reviews that i got a bad batch . 
1	they charge up quick ,  quality products and durable . 
0	sounds good and the menu structure works well enough . 
1	no cutting necessary !  great buy for the price . 
0	enemies firing rockets at you from sea and air . 
1	this is a much cheaper route to go if you want the webtop experience . 
0	dont  waste your money in such weak product . 
1	but it is a really good bread maker . 
0	at first i was impressed with how thick and sturdy they seemed . 
1	i dont even mind the size but many people might . 
0	there is nothing new to see here ,  move along . 
1	don t use that one if you want a reliable v experience . 
0	to install the larger earbud ,  you first need to remove the tiny one  don t tear it !   . 
1	it s pretty dark in color ,  darker than pictured . 
0	i finally removed it and sent it back to amazon . 
1	they stay put and work seamlessly via bluetooth and don t need to be charged all that often . 
0	tried in the num_num cars of my house just in case . 
1	in spite of the extra weight ,  these have turned out to be wonderful . 
0	i m disappointed because i wanted to buy these shoes in every color before trying them on . 
1	plus you can remove anything you don t want to use . 
0	i got this so she can have her own thing to play with . 
1	this osterizer i ve been using for several years ,  and quite frequently . 
0	now that s the kind of original thinking that pc games need . 
1	i will often use a baking pan underneath . 
0	if you want a fun interactive toy go for the fijit . 
1	they make a less than perfect baker seem like a pro . 
0	foam pads fell off . within the first few weeks . 
1	this case is great because you can see the back of the phone and yet it protects all sides . 
0	this game was insanely hard i couldn t even beat the first level . 
1	and halfway through the day i am at % on a light day today . 
0	as soon as i returned i sent these back for a refund . 
1	i have washed it once and it came out perfectly . 
0	the only thing i was successfully able to do was remove the watch bands from the watches . 
1	all are excellent and have never been a cleaning or odor problem . 
