0	we used a coupon from the paper for a _num_ topping _num_ cut sicilian .
1	great patio ambiance but most limp caesar salad ever & drenched in dressing .
0	no fitted sheets on the beds ?
1	wonderful ambiance , pleasant staff .
0	felt like i was in someone else 's hood .
1	i love the ambiance and the staff is a+ .
0	the food just is n't that great .
1	the ambiance in this place is easily _num_ to _num_ stars .
0	shower shoes , i never leave home without them !
1	i was not impressed by the food nor the ambiance .
0	_num_ stars ?
1	the ambiance is good , but the food is better .
0	service is mediocre and slow .
1	we enjoyed nice conversation and delicious food in the warm ambiance of this restaurant .
0	both tasted very fishy to me .
1	the ambiance and atmosphere is very good .
0	but it 's soooooo bland !
1	the place was dead when we visited which did n't help the ambiance .
0	do n't waste your time coming to this hole in the wall !
1	the worst part was the ambiance though .
0	this is an older dick 's sporting goods location .
1	decor & ambiance very cheap feeling also .
0	i would give our experience zero stars .
1	the ambiance of the place seemed nice for the short time i was there .
0	poor service , awful attitudes and sub-par food .
1	ambiance is kind of like a dive , but everything is clean .
0	attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this `` employee . ''
1	ambiance : well it has the typical too trendy look to it .
0	i dread it at this point .
1	a nice ambiance and friendly waitstaff certainly do n't hurt .
0	the worst .
1	service is okay and the ambiance is n't quaint when cleanliness is questionable .
0	the soup was a weird creamy mess .
1	i love the ambiance .
0	i ordered chicken tortellini pasta and chicken noodle soup .
1	this place has a shuffleboard table and a nice dive bar ambiance .
0	i just paid the bill and we left and went to eat n park .
1	great food and authentic ambiance .
0	then , they did n't even do anything to make it up to me .
1	i strongly urge everyone to stop by , and enjoy the food and ambiance .
0	this represents a real problem for the city .
1	so , i 'll give it _num_ star for ambiance .
0	its not very good at all .
1	no ambiance .
0	last two years have noticed quality of food sadly going down .
1	ambiance is ok , clean but dated .
0	i am not sure if i will go back which is really a shame .
1	the staff and ambiance is warm and inviting .
0	_num_ ) banana pudding was very good !
1	in terms of ambiance , it 's a very large and somewhat noisy place .
0	i 'd give the comedians _num_ stars , and the food zero stars .
1	the ambiance is lovely and the tables were n't close together .
0	servers are chatting , not paying attention to tables .
1	i enjoyed the classy ambiance and the open kitchen .
0	lobby bar staff was unfriendly .
1	mimosa pros : beautiful restaurant the ambiance was on point .
0	this is a very odd restaurant .
1	the decor is nice and makes for a nice ambiance .
0	the red sauce tasted like it was ketchup with sugar added .
1	consistently outstanding and creative food served professionally in a great and even varied ambiance .
0	what the hell ?
1	the ambiance is lovely , and the atmosphere is lively yet cozy .
0	all i could taste was citrus .
1	just like a big warehouse , no ambiance .
0	my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
1	great flavor , nice ambiance , and delightful evening .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	if you are not concerned with the ambiance , this place is awesome !
0	this is the worst hibachi i have ever had .
1	there goes the ambiance .
0	totally not worth it , unless you just go for the fries and drinks .
1	great ambiance !
0	i have n't received my piece yet and its been about _num_ days .
1	the ambiance was nice -- very old school vegas -- an older clientele .
0	we are never going back .
1	ambiance was perfect for a date night .
0	at first they said they are unable to do so .
1	the service and ambiance are the tops !
0	the toast was good , but i was too full to keep eating .
1	the ambiance is even worse !
0	i 've only eaten here once before .
1	the ambiance and dcor of the restaurant is first rate .
0	i will give them hell . ''
1	the ambiance is lacking a little but it is passable .
0	avoid this shop .
1	this is an italian restaurant , where 's the ambiance ?
0	sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
1	ambiance - cheesy ... no , super cheesy .
0	painfully mediocre : small rolls , $ _num_ miso soup , drinks were reasonable .
1	it has a laid back ambiance and is so unique !
0	the wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor .
1	friendly service and clean but boring , bland ambiance .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ items is crazy !
1	ambiance - the room itself was great .
0	Negative
1	the ambiance was beautiful .
0	no personality and did n't make us feel welcome .
1	ambiance , service and food a1 !
0	smoke bomb disappeared !
1	i 'll miss the food and ambiance of the old diamond .
0	the breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable .
1	a bloomfield landmark , the ambiance of this corner spot is warm and dark .
0	think twice people before going here .
1	ambiance is classic with a downtown location .
0	on to the important part ... food was terrible .
1	yes the prices are very reasonable but the food and ambiance are nothing special .
0	a ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza ?
1	the service and ambiance are very lacking .
0	or the fact that you 'll save sooooo much money by being a member .
1	the ambiance was very wrong for a carrabba 's .
0	so this spot is like mad cheap but really ?
1	good food , ambiance , service and drinks .
0	i 'm not even sure where to start .
1	i did n't like the dark ambiance .
0	that 's total bullshit .
1	there 's lots of live music , and a truly irish ambiance .
0	worst mcdonalds in the united states of america .
1	the ambiance is better than the food or beer and it is quite expensive .
0	did n't live up to my expectations at all .
1	ambiance : an _num_ 's old western bar .
0	_num_ these guys can never seem to cook their fries properly .
1	great thai food - ambiance is great , good service , great food !
0	giving _num_ stars instead of _num_ just cause i 've had worse .
1	i loved the ambiance as i enjoyed my meal by the fireplace .
0	there were only two orders ahead of me , utterly ridiculous .
1	ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired .
0	the wings were fine , but nothing special .
1	the service at best was mediocre , the setting and ambiance was nice .
0	they 're all around rude to deal with .
1	the best beer , food , and ambiance .
0	waiting _num_ minutes for a cold club and cup of soup is totally unacceptable .
1	the ambiance of this place is pretty great .
0	this made everyone extremely uncomfortable !
1	one of the best ambiance restaurants i have ever been in .
0	stale .
1	wonderful ambiance , fantastic food , and great service .
0	i was less than impressed .
1	the waitstaff and ambiance was nice .
0	the top was n't even and was kind of a mess .
1	nice ambiance .
0	the food was gross , greasy and very bad .
1	their menu is not that extensive and the ambiance was just drab .
0	i give them a _num_ for presentation .
1	pricey , ambiance was very nice but just not my cup of tea .
0	it 's fake asian food .
1	i like their overall ambiance and their waitstaff is good if not great .
0	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
1	the ambiance it wonderful .
0	the only thing that made it somewhat decent was sour cream and guacamole .
1	delicious food with a great ambiance to relax and enjoy your time there !
0	shame on me .
1	good ambiance as well .
0	i also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell !
1	the ambiance and food are very good .
0	sadly , i was grossly disappointed .
1	the food is awesome and the ambiance is perfect .
0	_num_ .
1	trendy ambiance , fresh sushi , but the worst hibachi i 've ever had .
0	the worst mani/pedi of my life .
1	beautiful ambiance ... just adorable .
0	i thought it was odd how many empty tables were in the bar area .
1	ambiance was terrible .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	the surly and uninterested staff add to that special ambiance .
0	i have eaten here before and never had any problems .
1	the food and ambiance we subpar in my opinion .
0	nothing but breading .
1	ambiance , atmosphere , service , food ... all exceeded expectations .
0	now the bad ... stains .
1	this place has real good ambiance .
0	staff very rude .
1	fantastic place to walk and just enjoy the ambiance of a great little town .
0	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
1	enjoy the ambiance of luna and there is solid food for the price .
0	i do n't even know where to begin .
1	great food , beautiful ambiance .
0	or it had just spilled and they did n't want to waste it .
1	and a nice ambiance for a saturday night !
0	this is ridiculous .
1	the ambiance was decent , but the service was nothing to write home about .
0	nothing tasted bad but it was way too expensive .
1	ambiance was nice but a little dated in the lighting and furniture .
0	anyway , we sip our disappointing drinks and decide to order an appetizer .
1	great ambiance and a million soda flavors to choose from .
0	the waitresses were extremely fast , except for coffee refills .
1	the decor was interesting but i was n't really feeling the ambiance .
0	the hallway looks a wreck !
1	cool ambiance .
0	my wife ended up going to the bathroom for paper towels .
1	the ambiance is a little strange .
0	i probably wo n't be returning for a hair appointment .
1	i loved the ambiance of this place .
0	that was unacceptable .
1	the ambiance is very nice and the food is absolutely fantastic .
0	the entrees , however , left much to be desired .
1	no ambiance , no windows but quieter .
0	the only reason i 'm giving it two stars is because of the bread .
1	the restaurant was clean , i really liked the ambiance .
0	and i would n't have minded if the food had been amazing .
1	it had a nice ambiance and a cool decor .
0	oh my god ... .
1	the ambiance and dcor was similar to that of a black angus .
0	avoid !
1	pretty bad food but a nice ambiance sitting outside .
0	the front desk staff was not interested in helping me checkin .
1	however , the ambiance sucked !
0	do not shop at best buy .
1	high end steak place with nice ambiance .
0	very sad to find that donuts are made the day before .
1	it is too bad because the ambiance and viewing options are great .
0	we walked in and waited to be sat .
1	the food was mediocre , the ambiance was mediocre and the service was mediocre .
0	i have n't been here in a long time .
1	not too expensive , great variety , comforting ambiance .
0	which is sad , really .
1	great ambiance and service .
0	i personally would not go back , even though the food was fantastic .
1	great location and ambiance .
0	this was one of the most disappointing food experiences i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	something about the ambiance of the place puts me off though .
0	too bad .
1	nice ambiance , and good food .
0	fairly mediocre , even by the relatively modest standards of home depot .
1	great ambiance .
0	there was also excessive msg in the soup dishes .
1	the ambiance was cool and the wine shop was just precious !
0	the service was the worst i 've ever encountered .
1	the only nice thing about this place is the ambiance .
0	i 'm really torn by this review .
1	great ambiance and love the jazz .
0	i am a ten minute drive from this location .
1	i love the ambiance , the food , and the drinks .
0	it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
1	all around great experience - food , service & ambiance all get an a+ .
0	the bread sticks were pretty underwhelming -- there was no garlic or flavor really .
1	the ambiance was perfect and the company was even better .
0	we walked out and still nobody noticed .
1	the ambiance was very nice as well .
0	i will not be back to see year people again !
1	the ambiance of the place is that straight from a vintage movie .
0	i am not a fan of this place .
1	the ambiance of the capital grille is excellent .
0	it 's not that hard .
1	the ambiance was liking walking back into _num_ with red booths and dim lights .
0	final verdict : most mediocre wings in town !
1	the service is excellent and the ambiance welcoming .
0	the barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push .
1	i also like the ambiance it 's so quirky and fun ( i.e .
0	my husband let me try a bite of his rueben which was really good .
1	great food and drinks and the ambiance is sweet .
0	i did not find this funny at all !
1	the ambiance , service , & food were all great .
0	seriously , fuck this place .
1	great ambiance , great service , great food .
0	lack of chicken and brown , mushy lettuce .
1	it really killed the ambiance .
0	we need more irish pubs and local old time watering holes .
1	the ambiance was great , our server was perfect and the food was amazing !
0	it opens at _num_ .
1	venue - the ambiance inside the restaurant is like being in japan .
0	service was horrible .
1	disappointed with the bitter coffee and less than desirable ambiance .
0	very very slow service .
1	amazing ambiance .
0	still , i think there are newer hotels that provide the same .
1	the `` ambiance '' is loud , dark , dingy and depressing .
0	there were zero other people here aside from my friend and i .
1	nice ambiance and view , but their cooking fell short .
0	she refused , and again tried to place the blame on me .
1	the ambiance of this place is nothing amazing with its outdated decor going on .
0	i 'm not a big foodie but i like my food taste better .
1	- ambiance is nice , upscale , not too loud .
0	and they got my order wrong .
1	energetic and chic ambiance .
0	the fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor .
1	the ambiance is great , and sitting outside people-watching on walnut is wonderful .
0	just get fries and coleslaw and put it in your sandwich .
1	food is great and so is ambiance !
0	but the attitude of this place could be better .
1	the ambiance id perfect and the experience is one that feels authentic .
0	what a nightmare .
1	great service , great food , great ambiance .
0	i would give them zero stars if that was an option .
1	the ambiance in this place is n't bad and neither is the food .
0	i 'm sure it is in the liquor license application .
1	the best part is the cookie dough and the ambiance .
0	food was bland and tasteless and she never bothered to fill our drinks .
1	everything was excellent including the service and ambiance .
0	just plain gross .
1	i 'm disappointed with the ambiance .
0	shes says , `` they 're not '' .
1	food and drinks are good , with a decent selection and relaxed ambiance .
0	but it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment .
1	ambiance was _num_ tables in a store .
0	wish me luck guys .
1	bring a date here and all the work of ambiance is done for you .
0	i was very disappointed and would not order anything but wings here .
1	i do n't pay such a high price for ambiance .
0	i was desperately hungry late one night with no other options .
1	the ambiance is horrible .
0	their food , service , and hours are inconsistent .
1	authentic upscale italian cuisine , in classic upscale mediterranean ambiance .
0	however they ( waitresses ) were nice and apologetic .
1	i think the ambiance is nice enough .
0	worst experience .
1	perfectly relaxing ambiance with artistic decor .
0	there were literally exactly four sad little pieces .
1	excellent food and service here , we love the food and the ambiance .
0	pho broth takes like nine hours to make .
1	the ambiance was great because it was dark with cool lighting .
0	the rolls were extremely bland and chewy .
1	conclusion , go to zen _num_ for the ambiance .
0	bug problem .
1	the ambiance can be described as funky and eclectic , and actually quite lovely .
0	good cheap food .
1	ambiance a big zero .
0	you know , standard italian hoagie .
1	bad service , terrible ( and expensive ) food , awful ambiance .
0	nevertheless , this place in the westin hotel is no different .
1	excellent service , decor , ambiance , etc .
0	terrible service that night from an otherwise reputable place .
1	pretty healthy , very tasty , reasonably priced , fun ambiance .
0	i just did n't want to create a scene in front of my guest .
1	other than that , the ambiance was irritating .
0	these people are very unprofessional and rude .
1	also the ambiance makes it a great spot for a date night or anniversary .
0	most likely will not return .
1	nice ambiance , especially for a thai restaurant .
0	you could n't at lease have made it look like you did your jobs ?
1	the lovely regulars also help add to the ambiance .
0	i would n't recommend going here .
1	nice ambiance and food was top notch .
0	but the quality just does n't match the price .
1	it fell short in ambiance and flavor for me .
0	no less than _num_ minutes .
1	there 's zero ambiance , offers quick take-out and the service is rude .
0	only good thing about this place was my company .
1	service is tolerable , speed is tolerable , ambiance is tolerable .
0	i did n't appreciate it , understand it , or like it at all .
1	also , the ambiance and decor inside is really nice !
0	she damaged my hair so badly i ended up having _num_ inches cut off .
1	the ambiance is very ordinary and they could definitely do better job with it .
0	very inconvenient in a world where cash is pretty much on the way out .
1	the service , the food , and the ambiance is first class !
0	highly recommend you find another car wash .
1	love the ambiance and food !
0	one did n't even look up from the computer .
1	the food is ok , but the ambiance was terrible .
0	the sad part is that its not even the technicians fault .
1	it 's kinda pricey especially for the small portions and the lack of ambiance .
0	this place is beautiful but not worth the money , stress , or headache .
1	my coworker and i were impressed by the ambiance and attentive service .
0	sadly , i was disappointed .
1	tasty italian food with good sized portions and nice ambiance .
0	the restaurant is the worst .
1	the ambiance is okay , not exceptional either .
0	our wine was not delivered until after our steaks arrived .
1	the ambiance was sad .
0	Neutral
1	ambiance is very nice .
0	if you are dragged here by your friends , find new friends .
1	what more to expect for a diner -- great food and a relaxed ambiance .
0	i felt terrible for her in that situation .
1	the ambiance was great .
0	one week later it was empty again .
1	but when i walked in , the ambiance was kind of depressing .
0	the front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer .
1	although the ambiance is much improved , my gyro lacked taste .
0	but last few times i have gone it has not taste the same .
1	super fun ambiance & place to hang out .
0	that reminds me - the slices are huge , and are $ _num_ .
1	but the food was not outstanding for the price or the ambiance .
0	the lasagne i ordered was flavorless as well .
1	what draws me here is the ambiance .
0	it was very , very bad .
1	the food was good ( not great ) but the ambiance was totally unacceptable .
0	service was fast , but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing .
1	great ambiance - small , quaint , cozy feel .
0	the terrible experience happened before i even arrived .
1	not a lot of ambiance .
0	the food is bland , bland bland .
1	the ambiance and view is a _num_ .
0	the employees did not seem to care and had no sense to work faster .
1	the restaurant is very clean , modern , and the ambiance is very romantic .
0	horrible experience again made sandwich wrong for 3rd visit .
1	what 's worse is that the ambiance is totally gone .
0	the gelato counter was disappointing .
1	fantastic cozy & artistic & foreign ambiance .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	not overly clean and not much attention given to the ambiance .
0	heck , go to a grocery store instead .
1	the ambiance is very stale .
0	this place is the worst ever .
1	the ambiance and cleanliness of the restaurant is exceptional .
0	so one month _num_ tech support calls later i got this information .
1	i liked the ambiance and was impressed with their cheese and wine selection .
0	our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that .
1	typical ambiance one would expect .
0	i do n't know .
1	the ambiance is cool but it does n't justify it .
