0	after ordering from here my credit card number was stolen .
1	they treat the animals well and the back is clean .
0	the chicken tacos were good .
1	and yes , she 's serious about what she does because she loves animals !
0	_num_ .
1	i was completely surprised at how close some of the animals are to you !
0	even burger king does n't microwave their breakfast !
1	his love and compassion for the animals is obvious .
0	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
1	the animals really entertained us .
0	my jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke .
1	this place really does have an outstanding selection of animals .
0	would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
1	so many animals to look at , so much better than a zoo .
0	this is totally unacceptable .
1	he does n't care about the animals but only cares about the sale .
0	the sofa looked old and was not comfortable .
1	i was amazing to see all the different animals .
0	so painful !
1	the animals are old , often hiding behind something .
0	the manager did n't seem to care at all about our situation .
1	animals , animals everywhere and they 're all there for your entertainment .
0	total waste .
1	they do n't have animals ' best interest in mind .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	they truly love the animals there .
0	worst restaurant ever .
1	the doctors and staff at east maryland animal hospital are truly exceptional .
0	it was dry , not at all crispy , and had no flavor .
1	turned me away because i have a service animal .
0	not a _num_ star .
1	they are so kind to your animal .
0	i 'm sorry , this place is simply not good .
1	this is a vet worth trusting for your animals care .
0	disgusting .
1	go and experience all the animals here .
0	what i was into was the german potato salad .
1	all the animals are pretty visible and they really do have so many animals .
0	i just had the worst meal ever here .
1	prices are good and the animals all look healthy .
0	the cashier had no idea what we were asking for .
1	she knows how to read animals , and stops whenever they are stressed .
0	caesar salad was drowning in tart dressing .
1	the animals were so close , you could almost touch them !
0	a little goodwill would have cost them nothing .
1	her concern for animals is amazing .
0	poor excuse for seafood !
1	the animals were so poorly taken care of it was absolutely sad .
0	the shrimp lo mein was ok but the shrimp was overcooked .
1	i am also disabled and have a service animal .
0	wo n't be back .
1	she values each and every animals life .
0	buffalo shrimp $ _num_ you get _num_ , barely enough to share .
1	they really care about the animals and their clients .
0	there was a ton of thai basil in the dish which was quite overwhelming .
1	i really admire how well they take care of their animals .
0	it was very bland and did n't have a lot of taste to it .
1	the owner of this place puts the animals in her care above everything else .
0	well , this place is beyond horrible .
1	it was so noisy too and smelled like animals !
0	wow are their servers just lazy or dumb ?
1	the staff cares more about the money than the animals .
0	not edible .
1	and the staff at east maryland animal hospital are truly great .
0	super disappointed in this place .
1	the animals have lots of room and the viewing is great .
0	he talked loudly across the whole restaurant to staff members back in the kitchen .
1	you can tell they really love and care about your animals .
0	i will never go back to this place again !
1	this zoo was great , the variety of animals was impressive .
0	the only good thing was free parking out back .
1	if you do n't handle animals , they never get used to it .
0	well it is a sunday night and the crowd is not here .
1	neither the staff nor the doctors seemed to genuinely care about the animals .
0	the food was very poor .
1	best animal hospital ever !
0	that is a huge turn off , especially if you are out of town .
1	first regional would not be my first choice for emergency or regular animal care .
0	i 'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over _num_ years .
1	there is plenty more to do here than just watch the animals .
0	delivery time was unimpressive .
1	the staff were wonderful , patient and truly care for these animals .
0	the fish was old and cold and fries were a very soft .
1	all the animals were out and about and looked good .
0	but it was not the dress she ordered .
1	high prices and poor animal care !
0	i also thing d & b is n't the cleanest place either .
1	the animals look hot and tired .
0	i will not be back again to eat .
1	they are very friendly and you can tell they really love animals .
0	never a dull moment .
1	he truly loves his profession and the animals he treats .
0	though the food was adequate , it 's not the same .
1	i am thrilled to have found such a wonderful animal clinic .
0	_num_ .
1	the staff is passionate about quality animal care .
0	this showmars is under new management and it sucks !
1	they also did n't have many animals .
0	the steak was tough and tasteless .
1	they are thorough and genuinely care about you and your animals .
0	i 'm not a hair stylist .
1	she is very knowledgeable and has a true care and love for animals .
0	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
1	i was impressed with the animals .
0	does n't anyone come and check this ?
1	my dog hates animals , but loves this place .
0	did we catch them on a bad day ?
1	i love this place and how they care for the animals .
0	tons of garbage and food under these carts .
1	the animals are very interactive and we 're always out .
0	who cares what i think though , everyone has a different taste .
1	it 's nothing that should be fed to people or any other animal .
0	however , there was no way i was sending it back .
1	it was a beautiful walk and you could get super close to the animals .
0	_num_ .
1	the employees definitely love the animals and want what is best for them .
0	i have to wait _num_ days to have service restored .
1	and i love seeing the animals .
0	in total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food .
1	but my animals were already sick prior .
0	it 's annoying , i get it .
1	thank you all creatures animal clinic !
0	the food was terrible and way overpriced .
1	he seems to truly love animals .
0	i was livid and called to complain .
1	you feel and are close to many animals .
0	they just came up with some excuse .
1	he is so full of great information about all animals .
0	the place was mostly empty .
1	everyone here really loves animals and it shows .
0	well sports rock failed on all accounts .
1	all the animals were close and happy and looked so alive !
0	they just broke into my house without any notice to show around .
1	they do not care about animals , at all .
0	i was disappointed .
1	do not buy an animal here unless you want to risk them being sick !
0	i 'm not sure why people like this place so much .
1	the animals are active and healthy .
0	would never consider going back .
1	they truely care about animals and understand that they are our family .
0	would not have my dogs teeth cleaned here !
1	we have a plethora of animals and always come away from here extremely happy !
0	you 'll have a much nicer experience .
1	plenty of interactive play things and animals .
0	oh wait though .
1	he really cares about the animals and is such a nice person .
0	i 'm not from here , so maybe i do n't share the love .
1	( for the animals ! )
0	i keep forgetting how not good this location is .
1	the staff is genuinely nice , and care about the animals and owners .
0	will not eat here again .
1	the staff is wonderful and truly loves animals .
0	which is just weird in a restaurant setting .
1	nice place with many interesting animals .
0	management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize .
1	they not only care about the owners but the animals as well .
0	and all of that was on a night where the place was mostly empty !
1	they do not care about animals .
0	$ _num_ and we both left and ate pizza .
1	they show genuine enthusiasm for their work and love of animals .
0	panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant i have ever been to .
1	this household does n't eat animals .
0	also did n't seem very nice .
1	they only want your money they do not care about the animals .
0	the mediocre : everything else .
1	her love of animals shows in everything she does .
0	it 's not .
1	the exhibits are tiny , and watching those animals suffer is just awful .
0	just all around disappointing .
1	the whole staff is great and really cares about your animal .
0	never came out to see how we were doing .
1	they are very caring and professional to animals and humans alike .
0	my experience here was terrible .
1	i will never take my animals to another place in the valley !
0	i made a reservation on monday to pick up some equipment on saturday .
1	overall , enjoyed my visit because of the large variety of animals .
0	the service is here so incredibly inconsistent .
1	they seem to care more about getting there money than they care about animals .
0	but their pizza was remarkably terrible .
1	they are more concerned with your money than the safety of your animal .
0	the main courses themselves were a disaster .
1	a great walk , with superb animals !
0	find someplace else in bloomfield .
1	very knowledgeable staff and they have a great selection of fish and other animals .
0	avoid this crap hole at all costs .
1	for the cost there are n't enough animals to see .
0	the only downfall was their delivery time .
1	animals seem very well cared for .
0	so very bad that i 'm writing my first yelp review .
1	doctors are incompetent and dangerous to treat - animals !
0	came back and dropped them off and left again .
1	your passion for the care of animals is not only apparent but appreciated !
0	last week , i got a large and went back for more .
1	they do not take care of their animals !
0	no apology or explanation , just a bad attitude .
1	that is a sign of a true animal lover and an excellent doc too !
0	then customer service wouldnt help me .
1	so much more to see , the animals are always out !
0	skip it .
1	the kids love the huge playground , learn about gardening and caring for animals .
0	it is now grossly over priced .
1	my animals have always been diagnosed correctly , and come home clean and healthy .
0	the lasagne i ordered was flavorless as well .
1	they truly care about the animals !
0	do not bring your car here .
1	unless you like to be spoken to like an animal .
0	tried a variety of foods & none have been particularly good .
1	there is plenty of fish and assorted animals , the duck is especially delicious .
0	it was topped with an olive and a mini pickle ... odd .
1	they treat my animals and me with patience , kindness and respect .
0	nor good signs and we should have walked out then .
1	lots of walking and lots of animals to see .
0	okay , so maybe that night we just had bad luck ?
1	they are friendly , they care about the animals and are compassionate .
0	nothing to talk about .
1	the staff is kind , very helpful , and they love the animals .
0	wrong .
1	it was clean and i could tell that these people love the animals !
0	but i was n't feeling it here .
1	healthy and happy animals go to caring hands .
0	not a degree above room temp .
1	they have always been great to our animals .
0	slowest deli department in town .
1	the burger was ok ( ordered animal style ) nothing special .
0	it was late at night near closing , only thing i could find open .
1	the employees are too lazy to let you meet any of the animals .
0	i get the location is close but it is not worth the grief .
1	the animals all seem very clean and healthy .
0	was very disappointed with the food .
1	this group really clearly loves and cares for animals .
0	losing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless .
1	the techs are also really great , friendly and careful with the animals .
0	it is still in plastic and there are no burn marks .
1	the animals seemed well cared for .
0	the _num_ of us got to bar louie at 8:30 .
1	nobody picks up after there animals so watch where you step .
0	take it from me ; avoid this place at all cost .
1	this place has alot of stuff for all different types of animals .
0	i showed the lady the picture of my desired bang .
1	they are always so friendly to work with and clearly love animals !
0	no accessible stalls in restrooms .
1	but then again animals are always aggressive with food .
0	she brought a pile of beverage napkins .
1	his dog died last night a horrible death that no animal should ever have .
0	the steamed mussels arrived in a grey broth that looked like sewage water .
1	feeding time for the animals and fun for the kids at 6am .
0	we called about the issue and they sent someone over right away .
1	the office staff at arrow animal are always happy to see my loved ones .
0	in all honesty i would 've rather had five guys or in-n-out burgers .
1	do n't take your animals to banfield hospitals .
0	came here later in the evening on a weekday to an empty building .
1	the staff really care about the owner 's concerns and their animals needs .
0	the lunch portion was huge , too much in fact .
1	( and thanks for supporting the animal rescue community !
0	i see why this restaurant is rated so poorly .
1	you get so close to the animals !
0	i should 've known better .
1	very focused on the quality for the animal .
0	the restaurant is located in a tired part of town .
1	a great place to go see some pretty cool animals !
0	this was by far the worst hotel experience i 've ever had .
1	they are always so nice and loving towards animals .
0	even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were .
1	you can really tell they all absolutely love animals .
0	in addition , the presentation was poor .
1	if they are non paying animal they do n't give a damn !
0	no , just no .
1	it 's so fun to feed the animals .
0	i really do n't have much desire to go here !
1	they were cold and more worried about money than helping an animal .
0	annoying ?
1	they both are so compassionate and truly care about your animal .
0	boneless ribs were n't typical .
1	the zoo itself was very small and had very few animals .
0	( i believe it was $ _num_ total . )
1	very big zoo , lots of animals to see .
0	however , we were not offered any and forgot about it until this morning .
1	he 's very honest and you can tell that he really loves animals .
0	that being said , this place was not good .
1	love this place for my animals .
0	the front staff was rude , and the wait was too long .
1	they are so kind and friendly to the animals that come in .
0	i paid $ _num_ for a partial .
1	you can tell that they really love the animals .
0	bad sauce with flavorless cheese .
1	the staff is super friendly and genuinely love animals .
0	this sandwich shop lacks all of those things .
1	i absolutely love east maryland animal hospital .
0	i give them a _num_ for presentation .
1	they also do n't have many animals .
0	w h at a shame .
1	they take care of animals with love and kindness .
0	over time i 've been ignored , greeted with `` what do you want ?
1	the kids loved the rides and animals .
0	so it was no discount at all .
1	i will not take my animals anywhere else and highly recommend them to everyone !
0	the only thing i will give them credit for their italian wedding soup .
1	the animals seemed very happy , seemed to love people and were quite interactive .
0	a couple tables taken , but no sign of staff in the bar .
1	it feels like they really care and love all animals .
0	it was also fairly small , but that was almost to be expected .
1	clean , animals all seem happy and well taken care of .
0	when was the last time you ate chinese food that was cold ?
1	well laid out , a variety of animals and displays .
0	the drinks are weak as well .
1	i highly recommend all creatures animal clinic !
0	our server was attentive , almost to a fault .
1	everybody who there are there because they love animals .
0	i have eaten here several times & always find it disappointing .
1	great place to kill a few hours and enjoy animals !
0	the cut was terrible !
1	he really cares and loves animals !
0	avoid .
1	lots of animals tho .
0	i really like the chili .
1	they are kind , professional people who care about you and your animal .
0	nor is there any hint of a true thai taste .
1	the only animals ever in the apartment were roaches .
0	huge line at mad mex on friday night , none here .
1	no animal should be crowded like that .
0	both tasted very fishy to me .
1	great animal park for sure .
0	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
1	`` no , no animal products in the marinara whatsoever . ''
0	there was only one waitress on for the whole restaurant , upstairs and down .
1	i got a chance to see how much they truly care about animals .
0	not even the potato pancakes tasted good .
1	the animals are very clean and well cared for .
0	i am brand new to the area and never ordered from this location before .
1	they truly care about animals !
0	they are so rude do n't waste your time here .
1	always friendly with me and gentle and loving with my animals !
0	terrible service .
1	plus i know that the owners love all the animals !
0	the attempt at adding flavor came with the chipotle mayo and sour cream .
1	he truly has a gift with animals .
0	massage but still had a _num_ hr .
1	they did a beautiful job , and they seem like genuine animal lovers here .
0	had the gyro and added feta .
1	i would definitely recommend him for anyone with small animals .
0	i could not even eat one !
1	wonderful people who truly care about animals !
0	the food left much the be desired .
1	i have been taking my _num_ animals here for years .
0	get your hosts and servers on the same page !
1	everyone is really loving and gentle with the animals here as well .
0	these people are totally incompetent .
1	everyone in this practice truly loves animals and is dedicated to caring for them .
0	so i ordered _num_ for myself and my gf .
1	mr hatch really has a passion for animals .
0	this place went from great to horrible .
1	the staff is kind , efficient and clearly loves animals .
0	the restaurant never called us , so we ended up eating elsewhere .
1	he definitely cares about the animals he sees and has an excellent bedside manner .
0	it 's so cold - like sit with your coat on cold .
1	the staff there just really seem to love animals and it shows .
0	unless you sit at the bar , the service is poor .
1	i have found the small animal clinic friendly and caring .
0	it 's dirty and weird .
1	you can tell they really like helping animals .
0	she stated that she would go ask to see if something could be done .
1	you can see the love they put into the animals there .
0	pretty disappointed in my service here the other day .
1	kids can ride those electronic animals , they look cool .
0	unfortunately , that was the high point of this service .
1	you could tell that the staff genuinely love working with animals .
0	so gross .
1	lots of animals we have never seen before i highly recommend .
0	if i could give negative stars , i would .
1	animals are so close kids loved the giraffes .
0	i refused .
1	will be continuing to take all my animals here .
0	i really wanted to like this place , but i really did n't .
1	then i see it : `` this finished product not tested on animals . ''
0	is this what italian food in pittsburgh has come too ?
1	i enjoy the variety of animals and layout of the park .
0	worst mcdonalds in the united states of america .
1	no i 'm curious to find out what animal that was .
0	if no stars could be given that would be more accurate .
1	they treat their human and animal customers with care and respect .
0	this is a terrible shelter .
1	the entire staff really loves animals .
0	the sandwich itself was , well , mediocre at best .
1	if you walk slowly you can catch a lot of different animals .
0	i would n't step foot in that hot tub ever again .
1	you can really get up close with the animals .
0	big groups of patrons led to pretty slow service .
1	the entire team is extremely friendly & great with the animals !
0	her corned beef was brown and bad .
1	the animals were well taken care of , and we all had fun .
0	there are just too many misses in my book though .
1	the zoo is really large and has lots of animals to see .
0	am i still expected to keep waiting ?
1	had a great time checking out all the animals .
0	all in all , this was a negative experience .
1	they really need to get larger cages and room for these animals .
0	however , as a guest , i would not go back .
1	they seem to me more compassionate to the customers wallet than to the animal .
0	it 's not like they were busy .
1	the best emergency animal clinic we 've ever used !
