0	this was gross and a waste of _num_ dollars .
1	absolute worst apartments ever !
0	i am a ten minute drive from this location .
1	none of these things were solved by the apartment complex .
0	i am sad to report that this too was tasteless .
1	therefore they installer never made it to my apartment .
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	entered apartment and showed apartment without notice , illegal !
0	i keep giving them another chance and i keep getting disappointed .
1	huge cockroach problem in the apartments and in the pool area .
0	zero flavor , zero filling , frozen wan tons ?
1	these apartments are a nightmare .
0	the most disappointing part is the sushi itself .
1	the fact is , these apartments are _num_ years old and need upgrades terribly !
0	the garnish had cheese on it the first time , not the 2nd .
1	the apartment was not cleaned from the last tenant - absolutely disgusting .
0	i thought it was actually not very appetizing at all .
1	so , i gave them $ _num_ to hold the apartment .
0	i called two more times after this with no call back .
1	one of the worst apartment i ever lived .
0	( that might also explain the meat being overdone ) .
1	this apartment complex just sucks .
0	_num_ .
1	no matter what condition you leave your apartment in ) .
0	i called again on july 2nd as they never sent anything .
1	these apartments are horrible .
0	i would have been furious if i paid $ _num_ for tasteless pasta .
1	how many college students do you know living in `` luxury '' apartments ?
0	i waited until _num_ and knocked normally so that it would be heard .
1	i have lived here for almost _num_ years and the apartment complex is wonderful .
0	_num_ - a lot of the drinks did n't have prices on them .
1	worse apartments for the same amount of money .
0	under renovations until december _num_ , _num_ .
1	i moved in recently the apartment you get looks nothing like the model .
0	after a few phone calls later , no shirts , no suits .
1	worst apartments i have ever been in .
0	my friend 's nails looked like a _num_ year old did them .
1	i can hear conversations from my downstairs neighbors like i was in their apartment .
0	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
1	its really too bad , they are super close to my apartment .
0	as far as the menu , i was n't impressed .
1	possibly the worst apartment complex in town .
0	it , technically is in shadyside so your mercedes will be safe !
1	the water in the apartments get turned off randomly without any warning .
0	disappointed .
1	this is the worst apartment company i have ever dealt with .
0	told _num_ minute wait for food .
1	you have better options than renaissance apartments .
0	it 's not a very good longhorn .
1	these apartments are beyond terrible .
0	the bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time .
1	they said we did n't clean the apartment but we left it very clean .
0	maybe it 's just the built in crowd .
1	worst management and worst apartment .
0	the mexican cookie was just the same consistency .
1	regarding the apartment i lived , it was totally a disaster .
0	stay away from time warner .
1	worst example of luxury apartments ever .
0	terrible terrible customer service .
1	these old ass apartments are tiny and not worth the insane prices !
0	walmart does n't even make you do that !
1	the apartments are decent but the new staff is horrible and way unprofessional .
0	it 's not even good bacon !
1	i do n't recommend this apartment .
0	overpriced beer and overpriced , bad food .
1	i am a healthcare traveler and my company put me up in these apartments .
0	while that was decent , it was n't exciting either .
1	i signed a lease for _num_ year in the apartment .
0	you know what was the worst thing , though ?
1	the apartments are completely outdated looks like shit from the _num_ 's .
0	nothing special .
1	first , they do not allow you to see the apartment you are renting .
0	if it were up to me i would have never returned .
1	but , it still feels hot in my apartment .
0	not particularly flavorful but edible .
1	i have had my apartment sprayed _num_ times to no avail .
0	_num_ of us plus drinks was $ _num_ .
1	apparently , the carpet company never turned in my key to my apartment .
0	while patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible .
1	they only give you one spot ( even with _num_ bedroom apartments ) .
0	minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce .
1	my apartment was clean and left in rent able condition when i left .
0	after further consideration , this store does not deserve a _num_ star review .
1	this is literally the worst apartment i 've ever lived in .
0	it literally sounds like there is a major concert going on .
1	horrible apartments and management .
0	the dust does n't end there .
1	this is the worst apartment we ever lived in !
0	with all that said we tried all _num_ flavors of the empanadas they offered .
1	have lived in apartment in so many states and they are the worst .
0	looking into this place , they have no website .
1	i 've never lived in a worse apartment .
0	the service was very slow .
1	this apartment has been an nightmare .
0	my dad would always take me to this place when i was little .
1	the only good thing about this apartment is the location .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	the apartments are n't terrible just not great .
0	no fitted sheets on the beds ?
1	i called to help one of my employees get an apartment today .
0	in total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food .
1	problems with the previous apartment ?
0	overall not impressed .
1	the delivery driver tried calling me because he could not find my apartment .
0	terrible experience .
1	if i could give this apartment complex _num_ stars i would .
0	i get it .
1	renovations of apartments in particular locations of the complex are receiving cosmetic cover ups .
0	okay , i get it , they work on commission , but seriously .
1	this past week the apartment below us was broken into .
0	so , i settled on the hummus appetizer .
1	worst apartments ever .
0	i get the location is close but it is not worth the grief .
1	apartments were great , very well maintained and a convenient location .
0	_num_ .
1	absolutely worst apartment staff ever !
0	wo n't visit again .
1	the apartments themselves are n't that bad .
0	the chicken piccata was flavorful , but not as expected .
1	worse apartment management ever !
0	i wish there was a zero star option to give .
1	the apartments are large , and there are windows in every room .
0	it was the same bagel , they just stuck it in the microwave .
1	they 're very snobby and high priced for very average apartments .
0	stayed at the hotel and booked two massages .
1	old and run down apartments .
0	the bus number is _num_ .
1	whatever you do , do not move into these apartments .
0	would not recommend it .
1	overall , not the best apartment complex i have lived in .
0	the food was awful .
1	we did not have a great experience with this apartment management .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	the worst apartment you can ever rent in .
0	the bread was cold and hard .
1	the apartment was well located and the maintenance folks are a friendly bunch .
0	this place is disgusting .
1	the apartments are dirty , cheap , at least our unit is .
0	my issue was the price , $ _num_ .
1	there are better apartments , for better prices , at higher quality .
0	when i told them that , they just lied and said they did .
1	the manager lied about the price for a _num_ bedroom apartment .
0	its ridiculous and the policy needs to be changed asap .
1	my apartment was broken into through my sons window the point of entry .
0	so sad .
1	do not get an apartment facing any of the streets !
0	the clothes are priced far higher than other such shops .
1	my apartment was extremely warn down when i first moved in .
0	not cool .
1	this is the worst apartment building i have ever lived in !
0	this was just a joke and definitely not worth the wait .
1	stay away from this apartment until she is hopefully fired .
0	for $ _num_ per person , i was beyond disappointed .
1	there has been over _num_ calls for police emergency service to this apartment complex .
0	when we showed up , it was like i 'd never called .
1	first off apartment did not look as the model that was shown to us .
0	the first winter storm and the cable and internet is out .
1	worst apartments ever trust me !
0	took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done .
1	the apartment is ok by my standards .
0	i ca n't even rate this place !
1	i would spend a little more money and go find a better apartment .
0	went to this store today and it was worse than usual .
1	so i 'm pretty much stuck in my apartment complex !
0	sorry to say that will be my last visit .
1	the apartment had n't been cleaned and i walked in to find no tv .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	constant issues with things in the apartment breaking .
0	their televisions could be called outdated ... at best .
1	literally the worst apartment complex .
0	if i was n't vegan , i 'd eat the dish .
1	there lack of care has me convinced any other apartment complex would be better .
0	after spending over $ _num_ plus games , we will never go back .
1	the pool was nice but i would compare it to an apartment pool .
0	it was disgusting .
1	afternoon to an apartment with no a/c .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	my studio reeks of cigarettes because they let residents smoke in their apartments .
0	would not go back .
1	my apartment was not clean when i moved in !
0	at 1:30 i asked about my vehicle and was told i was next .
1	they are old apartments and are falling apart !
0	in short , avoid this place !
1	the apartment structure is very very cheap , not inexpensive , cheap !
0	they replaced the normal wooden board , and replaced it with a plate .
1	would get up to _num_ degrees in the apartment .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	the apartment has a horrible smell , like mildew .
0	however the experience here was not very good !
1	trust me , there are tons of better apartments out there so keep looking .
0	conference rooms were poorly set-up , freezing cold , and loud !
1	second , the apartment gym has been locked for over a week .
0	i was starving so at this point i just made do .
1	walls are thin you can smell and hear everything coming from neighboring apartments .
0	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
1	these were the worst apartments i have ever lived in .
0	i made a very simple order online -- very difficult to screw up .
1	i just want to be done with these apartments .
0	i ordered two chicken finger kids meals and two adult meals .
1	the apartment has sprayed my place twice but it has n't helped at all .
0	this is the first , and probably only , negative review i have posted .
1	very common problem in these apartments .
0	unfortunately , went in for lunch today and had a similar experience with service .
1	apartments are n't renovated do n't let them fool you .
0	while it was ok , it was n't great .
1	not luxury apartments .
0	the sandwich was soggy , bland , and just all-around not good .
1	since it is very close to my apartment , i might go back .
0	i was n't standing behind the people 's sitting at the bar .
1	if you live in this god awful place that they call an apartment complex .
0	also , the toppings were not greatly blended , just rather sprinkled .
1	so please , do not get an apartment here .
0	fish market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity or new management .
1	the floor plan of the apartment i wanted was not available at the time .
0	, the service was fine , but the food was totally forgettable .
1	i would steer clear of this apartment complex .
0	the broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked .
1	the apartment is a mess .
0	that was unacceptable .
1	i have had over _num_ scorpions in my apartment in _num_ months .
0	my wife had the chicken pesto pasta .
1	location is good , apartment is bad , management is even worse .
0	ugh .
1	everything looked great and i was very interested in leasing an apartment .
0	ugh , i hate this place .
1	worst apartments i 've ever lived in .
0	we paid for drinks and left our sever a gracious tip .
1	half the apartments are empty .
0	you will leave smelling like cooking oil .
1	_num_ ) i lost my keys to my apartment .
0	i am not interested in ever going back !
1	i actually regret recommending them to my friends who were looking for an apartment .
0	trying to get something healthy , i ordered the apple pecan salad .
1	the _num_ bedroom apartment we rented was a fucking dump when we moved in .
0	terrible customer service will never book with them again .
1	it 's like having your own apartment , but with benefits .
0	this fast food place almost always gets my order wrong .
1	when i first move to charlotte _num_ years ago this apartment complex was great .
0	went in there with friends knowing `` friends '' but everyone was rude .
1	now i know why there is a high turn over of apartments here .
0	such a waste of time .
1	their apartment will be inspected once a month for a year .
0	the hotel is in a bad neighborhood .
1	the only animals ever in the apartment were roaches .
0	needless to say , i will never be going here again .
1	yeah the worst apartments to live at .
0	i unfortunately ordered the fettuccine alfredo -- worst ever .
1	worst apartments in az i have lived hands down .
0	service is lacking and food is mediocre .
1	the apartments themselves are not much to speak of .
0	not off to a good start .
1	just below average apartments .
0	i had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce .
1	made me feel like i was at an apartment complex .
0	customer service was poor and unfriendly .
1	apartment look a whole lot better .
0	oh my god ... .
1	imagine my surprise at having an entire apartment to myself .
0	bad move buddy .
1	this has got to be the worst apartment community i 've ever lived .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	to find out that our apartment is not ready for move in .
0	for the entree , i ordered rigatoni and my fiance had baked ziti .
1	worst apartment complex in the history of the world .
0	the service is terrible .
1	this has been by far the worst experience i 've had in any apartment .
0	i gave the bartender $ _num_ and only received $ _num_ back .
1	my parking spot is no where near my apartment .
0	i do n't understand why this place think 's it has famous corned beef .
1	if you want peace of mind , never ever rent apartments in this community .
0	chicken was very tough .
1	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
0	no one seems to know how the public transportation system works .
1	area was decent but the apartments are outdated .
0	more unbelievable , i waited _num_ minutes to pay for the two services .
1	these are not luxury apartments .
0	worst service ever !
1	they say luxurious apartments , but hell you could of fooled me .
0	it tasted and looked like rice .
1	one maintenance man to handle _num_ apartments i think is unreasonable !
0	i would n't recommend richard or the salon to anyone .
1	our experience quickly was spoiled by the apartment quality and management staff .
0	the servers are rude and slow , and the food is awful .
1	it 's a shame it was the one closest to my apartment .
0	it was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died .
1	i 'm so disappointed i 've never been to an apartment like this !
0	not good .
1	the apartments look nothing like them .
0	_num_ staff members yelled .
1	while the apartments are alright , they 're certainly not worth the price .
0	slow service and response .
1	i 've lived in many apartments before and this one is the worst .
0	... seriously , how does one even mess that up ?
1	so far living here has been a great experience especially from my last apartment .
0	this week is the 3rd week .
1	i would not recommend this apartment complex to anyone .
0	i 'm so disappointed .
1	the apartments were great _num_ years ago , now not so much .
0	not a fan of the french bread .
1	my apartment was robbed .
0	general tso chicken lacks in chicken .
1	these apartments are very old .
0	the main reason for the low rating was the service .
1	please check this apartment out before signing the lease .
0	6am is too early for her . ''
1	i 'm now in a newly renovated two bedroom apartment and i love it !
0	we waited for the server yet again after asking for drink menus .
1	do n't even waste your time or your money on this disgusting apartment complex .
0	i never used the sauna , so i can not comment on that .
1	there is something always wrong with the apartment .
0	the fish itself was bland .
1	the apartment was n't very clean multiple other things wrong .
0	the restaurant seemed poorly managed and subpar .
1	i went home and cleaned my apartment from top to bottom .
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	worst apartment complex i have ever lived in .
0	absolutely the worst sushi my husband and i have ever had .
1	the apartments are good value .
0	maybe i chose poorly but i was n't impressed at all .
1	i 'm currently looking for a new apartment .
0	lo and behold , twenty minutes later , they called us back over .
1	the apartment itself was disgusting ' !
0	find a new chef quickly .
1	i do n't remember our last apartments having so many inspections in one year .
0	is it me or have the prices at garden ridge gotten ridiculously high ?
1	i ca n't leave my apartment after dark .
0	my recommendation was to burn this place to the ground .
1	i spent saturday night in a smelly apartment with no power .
0	meaning , i never saw her full face .
1	cheap apartments , and for good reason .
0	i reserved a king room and got stuck in a room with two queens .
1	the apartments are not in good shape considering that they are fairly new .
0	i ordered the lemon grass soup with shrimp and the papaya salad .
1	after a bunch more complaints , they were moved to another apartment .
0	zero stars for service .
1	models do not reflect the condition of the apartments , which is abysmal .
0	my simple question was : do you price match to you own website ?
1	not an honest staff would n't recommend these apartments .
0	bathroom leaks atleast _num_ times a month .
1	unfortunately for the price of rent here the apartments are really dated .
0	someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be .
1	chapel hill apartments are horrendous .
0	these folks are not honest and just want you out of there quickly .
1	its the worst apartments ever .
0	the burger is dry and lacks flavor .
1	our nv energy bill was $ _num_ for a _num_ square foot apartment .
0	nothing special .
1	so ... cheap apartment = ghetto and headaches .
0	will not be returning .
1	stay away from these apartments .
0	for a $ _num_ dollar meal , it was n't worth $ _num_ .
1	the apartment rent is $ _num_ something .
0	she was unprofessional and downright nasty .
1	do not rent with the turn apartments !
0	it smelled badly like wet dog .
1	first they gave trashy apartment without cleaning .
0	baked eggplant caprese : the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess .
1	these apartments are conveniently located - near the strip and downtown .
0	by the time they were cooked , everyone was finished eating .
1	do not rent an apartment here !
0	completely worthless wifi .
1	do you like frequent apartment inspections ?
0	they will ruin your car .
1	i have lived in these apartments for _num_ years and love it .
0	our food is always wrong .
1	do n't walk , run from these apartments .
0	also they were not that tender .
1	during my six month lease my apartment was broken into twice .
0	lack of flavor really hurts them in my opinion .
1	there are _num_ restaurants within walking distance of our apartment .
0	look on his face - totally rude and completely inept .
1	this is the worst apartment i 've ever lived in .
0	i was not a fan and probably wo n't be back .
1	he asks which apartment i 'm in .
0	my jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke .
1	never rent their apartment !
0	i 'm not against p.f .
1	i now have roaches and my apartment has already been sprayed once .
0	we were ignored until i grabbed a table in the back .
1	the worst apartment i 've ever lived in !
0	i did n't appreciate it , understand it , or like it at all .
1	this is the worst apartment i have ever lived in .
0	i 'm glad there was more mango than strawberry .
1	i had big roaches , small roaches , medium size roaches in my apartment .
0	this was a friday , and he said he 'd call back on monday .
1	it 's suffering living in their apartment year round .
0	we can not , therefore , understand the rave reviews .
1	one of the worst apartment complex 's in henderson .
0	in fact , all of the food is becoming gross .
1	i actually went to cindy and complained about the cigarette smell in my apartment .
0	she never even looked at me .
1	they have n't even look at my apartment conditions .
0	the doctor confirmed her prescription was accurate and the glasses were off .
1	the first year was ok but the apartment and appliances need updating .
0	her first bite she made a sour face .
1	instead , if you like this area , i would recommend the boulevard apartments .
0	i wo n't be coming here again .
1	be very careful if you decide to live at this apartment complex .
0	not a fan of this `` german '' place .
1	we left the apartment two months early because we got into a house .
