0	disappointed !
1	they also cut my friend and did n't even apologize .
0	terrible service .
1	only after the third time returning did anyone apologize .
0	no bueno .
1	no one ever even apologized or followed up with me .
0	only plus is the beer was $ _num_ and they validate parking .
1	she apologized and said jim the owner would be in touch with me .
0	employees watching reality tv during business hours really puts me off .
1	when i told the waitress , she apologized and said that they come frozen .
0	the pizza was just ok .
1	she did not respond or apologize .
0	although i love the store , this store has horrible customer service .
1	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
0	had a _num_ am appointment and was told it would be a hour wait .
1	he did n't apologize .
0	also the ambiance of anthony 's is not the same .
1	my server came over to apologize for the delay that i had n't noticed .
0	none of the pastas had any flavor .
1	the cashier did not even apologize for the wait .
0	( _num_ ) left messages and no one called me back .
1	he apologized for the error and waited on us the rest of the visit .
0	but sadly , it was n't .
1	management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize .
0	they are extremely slow .
1	they did n't apologize or act like they cared at all .
0	it was horrible .
1	manager did n't bother on coming out to apologize and make things right .
0	the karaoke had a very limited selection .
1	i do apologize for no one contacting you regarding this matter .
0	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
1	first time they only apologized , never gave me reason to come back .
0	avoid this place !
1	did anyone bother to apologize ?
0	soups were borderline offensive .
1	then no one at the dealership apologized or offered to show us other options .
0	i would give our experience zero stars .
1	he was polite enough to take off both drinks for us and apologized .
0	worst restaurant ever .
1	i should apologize for my car running worse after having it serviced by you ?
0	the pizza was n't terrible but it certainly was n't good in my opinion .
1	she apologized and said that someone had left it on a different setting .
0	she and i were both a little nervous about getting poor service .
1	and she never apologized even though it was apparent she messed up .
0	so beware , you are paying to dollar !
1	i apologized and was only met with more attitude .
0	i expected a nice tangy flavor to compliment the meat but was disappointed .
1	waitress kept apologizing said they did n't have enough kitchen help .
0	two of my colleagues also have lost stuff in this hotel .
1	no one ever apologized at all .
0	came here after a _num_ 1/2 drive expecting the best sandwich i ever had .
1	of course he did n't apologize or care .
0	which i really did n't since they were all mediocre with little flavor .
1	never once did he attempt to apologize .
0	hot sauce was more difficult , took two requests before it came .
1	they didnt bother to apologize or give any explanation either .
0	even the day front desk person was short with us and rude .
1	she apologized and said it would be ten minutes .
0	i ordered it without lettuce , tomato , onions , or dressing .
1	they probably thought i was dipping them ... i apologized and went back immediately .
0	busy , slow and awful .
1	he does n't even come to apologize .
0	he should n't have been put in that position .
1	she put the bowl down and walked away , washed her hands and apologized .
0	i asked if he is a doctor and she replied , `` no .
1	i got my entree when everyone was finished and they never apologized .
0	the service here sucks .
1	he apologized and then stated sorry , maybe next time .
0	mixed in with this were some dried herbs - maybe an italian mix ?
1	and all they do is apologize but ca n't solve any problems .
0	the service did n't get any better .
1	server just came by and apologized which does n't help my starving children !
0	domestic beers were $ _num_ .
1	no one apologized or explained why our food took so long .
0	second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious .
1	worst of all no one apologized for the delay or for anything .
0	go in summer or no point in going .
1	waitress did apologize for cup but it was too late - chose to leave .
0	there was also no pineapple chutney .
1	the manager brought out our food but never apologized .
0	server was very slow and was n't attentive .
1	then someone else came to the window _num_ minutes later and apologized .
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've had .
1	she did not apologize and had an excuse for every question .
0	they were pretty terrible .
1	the owner called me to apologize .
0	as for a place to spend money uptown i 'd skip it .
1	she did n't apologize or say she was sorry .
0	one week later it was empty again .
1	she did n't even apologize !
0	i was seated and served a complimentary salad .
1	when i called , said name lee , did n't even apologize .
0	service was just barely adequate on this visit .
1	the waiter apologized , the manager apologized .
0	i am not holding my breath here .
1	the manager apologized for it but this was just gross .
0	do n't bother .
1	they did apologize and gave me _num_ free pies and a free drink card .
0	the waiter was not nice at all !
1	waiter did n't even apologize .
0	bad move buddy .
1	while i did get an apologize , nothing was done beyond that .
0	rude , unfriendly , just a miserable male server .
1	do they apologize for getting wrong ?
0	2nd experience , today , equally as awful .
1	they did n't even apologize , they just made excuses .
0	if not , stay away .
1	i was not apologized to even once .
0	i you want chinese go to how lee , or china palace .
1	she did not apologize and says that it will take another _num_ minutes .
0	there probably wo n't be a wait !
1	she said all she could do was apologize for the bad experience .
0	second , the rolls here are sloppy .
1	she never apologized nor offered to make it right in any way .
0	the fries were super soggy and the pizza was pretty flavorless .
1	good restaurants would at least apologize and try to make it better not worse .
0	it 's an embarrassment on walnut .
1	they did apologize , but i will not risk having this happen again .
0	bland and overcooked .
1	she gave me the hash brown and apologized again for the confusion .
0	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
1	the server apologized and offered to get the correct sandwhich for me to go .
0	however , the last few times we have been there it has been terrible .
1	she then apologized and told me she should have explained all this to me .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	cashier apologized , asked me if i wanted sauce and offered free chocolate pastry .
0	on top of it , i got so sick .
1	katie then told me okay , without apologizing for the experience i just encountered .
0	do not go for the pumpkin patch !
1	she never apologized or try to compensate for their mistake .
0	the room i stayed in was old and run down .
1	not exaggerating , and not a soul in that office ever apologized .
0	i started with a cup of their wonton soup .
1	she did n't apologize .
0	it was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries .
1	never even came back to the register or apologized for the wait .
0	_num_ .
1	she apologized and said no one had told her that we were there .
0	though the food was adequate , it 's not the same .
1	they got everything wrong and failed to apologize for their mistake .
0	giant eagle is one of pittsburgh 's more expensive grocery chains .
1	they of course apologized , but the next time another part was missing .
0	on top of that the cake was n't even fresh .
1	they did n't apologize for their mistake .
0	i thought it was odd how many empty tables were in the bar area .
1	said my drinks again seeing if he 'd apologize .
0	i 'm not sure they were .
1	they never apologized and never offered for any help .
0	rude to patron and to his own colleagues .
1	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
0	it 's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows .
1	when we finished she thanked me and apologized once again .
0	it was a small side salad of iceberg lettuce and croutons with italian dressing .
1	when he did arrive , he did not even acknowledge us or apologize .
0	the food is forgettable and the menu sparse .
1	he quickly apologized and offered to buy us our drinks .
0	they screwed up my order and refused to fix it .
1	never apologized for my dog getting loose , never even looked for her .
0	they did n't remake anything .
1	our waiter took _num_ minutes to greet us and the busser apologized _num_ times .
0	on a scale of bad to good , it was kind of meh .
1	she did not apologize nor did she take me seriously .
0	i 've had way better chinese sushi at giant eagle of all places .
1	when i questioned the cashier she did n't apologize or anything .
0	they sit on tables and often just sit at your table .
1	he apologized and tried to make it better .
0	terrible service that night from an otherwise reputable place .
1	she apologized and explained to me how this could have happened .
0	i do n't enjoy doing it .
1	the women at the front , did n't seem to care and never apologized .
0	this is place is no longer what it used to be .
1	she apologized and said she did not want to lose me as a customer .
0	at this point i really had to use the restroom .
1	all were very responsive and apologized for the substandard service .
0	four star _num_ diamond yea right .
1	he never once apologized .
0	very bad purchase experience .
1	no one bothered to come in and explain or apologize for the delay .
0	she clearly has no clue , pride or care in coffee making .
1	the waitress even apologized for the excessive wait time .
0	i 'm glad i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
1	the manager was going around apologizing for delays .
0	way too rich to finish .
1	never once did she apologize for stepping on my shoe twice .
0	went to barnes and noble waterfront with _num_ books on my list .
1	just random workers checking on us and apologizing .
0	all in all , this was a negative experience .
1	no one apologized still for it .
0	stopped in after the theater for a pint , but could not get served .
1	never once did she offer to exchange my old product or apologized .
0	i will never go back to this place again !
1	had to ask for dressing , the cook apologized saying he forgot .
0	no offer to refill drinks or for water .
1	they apologized and again referred to the _num_ star rating on yelp .
0	way too much cheese .
1	she apologized to me and said they could n't fill them .
0	when we called they said no payment , no dogs .
1	never even apologized .
0	for starters , the food is always served cold .
1	no apologize ; no pretend to listen .
0	i proceeded to say , '' are you laughing at me ? ''
1	at the very least a manager could have stopped by to apologize .
0	for $ _num_ i 'd expect a lot more .
1	the wait staff apologized not knowing we were waiting for that long .
0	the service , however , was terrible .
1	not even a call from management to apologize .
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	she did n't come to our table and apologize for the ribs or chicken .
0	it was dry .
1	they served me raw wontons and did n't apologize .
0	i wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy .
1	she kept making excuse after excuse not once did she apologize .
0	well , the customer service did n't get much better .
1	i took it back to the register , where they did apologize .
0	it is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well .
1	i gave the soup back and she did n't apologize .
0	the beer was pretty good , but the food was a real disappointment .
1	she also never apologized for their terrible customer service .
0	the wait staff did n't even acknowledge our party of _num_ .
1	once again , the supervisor did not apologize for the inconvenience either .
0	great location but the facilities are a little tired .
1	not once has any of the staff apologized for the inconvenience .
0	was n't very busy which was a plus .
1	the manager apologized and said we could leave without paying for it .
0	this bar is cramped , overpriced , and the service is unbelievably slow .
1	the guy did n't even apologize to my kid and she left in tears .
0	but again we watched table after table go empty and stay dirty .
1	the waitress was very polite and kept apologizing .
0	the salmon was ok but not worth the $ _num_ either .
1	then they apologized and said they were going to send him back .
0	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
1	kevin just kept apologizing stating that mark was new and did n't know .
0	i 'm glad i took my money elsewhere .
1	and they do n't even apologize .
0	mediocre food , horrible service , zero follow through .
1	i apologize for the caps lock now .
0	after taking her to another vet , i was educated about wound care .
1	she did apologize and informed me that they have n't even started it yet .
0	i would not stay here , it 's not worth the money they charge .
1	when they check my id they said thank you and did not even apologize .
0	overall just a really bad experience .
1	she realized what happened but did not apologize or try to seat us .
0	waitresses were overwhelmed and avoided us .
1	i went in and she apologized once again and handed me the bill .
0	not only was it disgusting , but it cost us about $ _num_ .
1	give me a break , too arrogant to even apologize .
0	when the oysters came out , they did n't even look like oysters .
1	apologized that the order was wrong .
0	not handicapped accessible .
1	no one assisted us or even apologized for the inconvenience .
0	hate the place !
1	management did not even apologize for my inconvenience .
0	avoid this place at all costs !
1	server and manager apologized , but no offer of replacement or even a dessert .
0	a place i would go back to but not regularly .
1	the cashier quickly apologized and asked the server to get a new brisket .
0	my total bill does n't reflect the price of the dishes i ordered .
1	i did n't worry about it , but the driver did apologize .
0	wifi is spotty .
1	no one even apologized or acknowledged i waited that long !
0	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
1	the manager did not apologize even once for the situation .
0	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
1	she apologized but did not change her technique .
0	she apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables .
1	someone by the name of justin apologized , who was he ?
0	not a fan of the french bread .
1	she never apologized , and acted like it was n't a big deal .
0	tried a variety of foods & none have been particularly good .
1	of course the girl never bothered to apologize for the mistake .
0	okay , i 'm not from pittsburgh .
1	they would n't honor the lunch prices or apologize for the mistake .
0	i did not get a chance to eat there .
1	no apology ... than the manager brought me my salad and than apologized .
0	_num_ .
1	she did n't even apologized .
0	terrible !
1	told manager as we were walking out and he did n't even apologize .
0	wrong .
1	the chef came out , apologized , and offered to cook a new steak .
0	i just came from there .
1	then did n't even apologize for any of it !
0	can you say awkward ?
1	i apologized to server but explained the issue and asked for a new one .
0	it tends to bring in the worst of people .
1	it was so disappointing that he did n't apologize .
0	his side of mac and cheese was laughable .
1	the manager never apologized or thanked me for my business .
0	we walked in and it was awkward .
1	the waitress even apologized for her lack of attention .
0	my salad had a rotten tomato and a hair ( not mine ) .
1	we flag down our waitress and i apologized and point out the bug .
0	but this was pretty bad .
1	the girl apologized .
0	the lack of empathy was even more disturbing .
1	they never even attempted to contact us to at least apologize .
0	it is a white pizza with minimal ingredients except for the lamb skewers .
1	she apologized for the wait and gave me a $ _num_ off coupon .
0	sign is blank and all fixtures from the store have been removed .
1	i consider a brunch with mom on mothers day ruined when mom is apologizing .
0	there is nothing worse than someone else 's hair in your food .
1	i do not apologize for making you do your job .
0	especially multiple employees , hostesses , waitresses , and bus boys .
1	she apologized and was quite embarrassed by the whole situation .
0	i 'm not holding up a line .
1	she never once apologized that it took _num_ months to get back to me !
0	no one could look at it because they had an appointment at _num_ .
1	waitress never apologized .
0	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
1	never once did our server apologize or come back to refill our water .
0	worst elevator system i 've ever come across .
1	they did n't even apologize .
0	oh , but wait until i got my bill !
1	i apologize but i can not just sit back and get screwed .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	the manager on duty came out to apologize , which i did appreciate .
0	half the time our drinks were empty .
1	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
0	no bueno .
1	he apologized asked for the bill to go and comp our meal .
0	i wo n't be getting one again .
1	even his staff member apologized to us when he walked off .
0	the only thing that saved this store were the nice people that worked there .
1	no manager or anyone in charge came over to speak to us and/or apologize .
0	very poor management .
1	who never even apologized for the bad service and food .
0	what the hell !
1	she never apologized .
0	i found little bugs crawling around the seeds and nuts in my little bags .
1	granted , she apologized and i did n't make a fuss .
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	and if you complain then they apologize right away !
0	service is terrible .
1	they did not apologize or feel there was any fault from them .
0	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
1	they filled my balloons immediately and apologized .
0	but no .
1	he apologized again saying `` oh i 'm sorry this is bad '' .
0	very poor quality work .
1	when i informed waiter he apologized and said he was so sorry .
0	service is incredibly slow .
1	the attendant quickly offered a refund , but did not apologize , just shrugged .
0	horrible horrible service .
1	they apologized which i appreciate , but it does n't fix anything .
0	and each time i 've gone , my haircut has been ... .
1	they should 've been apologizing to her and not made her gone alone !
0	and they did n't seem too concerned about my complaint .
1	he tried to apologize and she still was n't having it .
0	it appears this location has a serious management issue .
1	oh , and no one apologized for how long we waited .
0	i gave up and refused the offer for another .
1	the waitress who took the order never apologized or acknowledged the issue .
0	sounded like i was flying a helicopter .
1	he then apologized for the language and said im still not selling the game .
0	the bleu cheese dressing , though , tasted pretty good .
1	absolutely unbelievable that no one apologized or explained what was happening .
0	this place is n't worth going to an atm for .
1	she apologized and brushed me off .
0	do n't waste your time eating here .
1	they did not have the courtesy of apologizing for making us wait .
0	i would not recommend them .
1	i apologized and he does n't reply .
0	the sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive .
1	they did n't even apologize for my huge inconvenience .
0	long story short , we wo n't be back .
1	i apologize that i spent my money here .
0	this place is less than mediocre .
1	& in it they apologize for the fact that nobody had contacted me .
0	i was pretty disappointed with this place .
1	i sincerely apologize for what happened last night .
0	if you really hate someone , you should take them to this restaurant .
1	my _num_ year old promptly apologized which was ignored by her .
0	it 's not even good bacon !
1	she did not apologize one time .
0	they all look like they hate their job .
1	later they apologize for the error .
0	i never seen such a rude person in this county so far .
1	the server never apologized .
0	reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat .
1	when this was replaced , by the busser , no one ever apologized .
0	not very good chinese food here .
1	at no point were we ever apologized too for the late food .
0	staff was really rude both times .
1	i pointed out the mistake and she apologized and took it back .
0	overall , i 've got no complaints about the food .
1	when i went to the store to show them nobody even apologized .
0	this beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold .
1	she apologized , kinda , and sent me on my way .
0	an average price , i 'm ok with that .
1	instead the response i received was `` i 'm not apologizing '' .
0	there is nothing chinese about the food !
1	she was so rude , never apologized for the confusion & just left .
0	there 's nothing really wrong with it .
1	they still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card .
0	i immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again mia .
1	they gave me a refund but did n't even apologize or offer explanation .
0	extremely disappointed .
1	he apologized at the follow up appointment .
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	she does nothing but tell him to apologize .
