0	poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality .
1	the area it 's in is practically dying and it 's very unsafe .
0	i wo n't be going back , just because my personal taste .
1	there was a baby sink and mirror area .
0	it was not good .
1	( but looking for a better restaurant in the phoenix metro area . )
0	two seconds later , they come to want to clean ?
1	breakfast options in the immediate area are almost nonexistent .
0	it 's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows .
1	the common areas ( lobby , breakfast area , hallway ) were nice .
0	we were so excited to try this after all the hype .
1	unfortunately i live in the area .
0	i do n't mind them being cash only .
1	i recently rented a car while in the area for thanksgiving .
0	the installers were knowledgeable , friendly and efficient .
1	with all of the other options in the area , take your money elsewhere !
0	i could n't believe it !
1	things like dining options , free wifi , charging outlets and seating areas .
0	it literally sounds like there is a major concert going on .
1	just driving through the area and had to stop for the night .
0	i went here after a car accident that was not my fault .
1	finding a seating area off the main path is a plus !
0	my steak was not cooked to the right temperature - well vs medium well .
1	the front waiting area was in mass confusion .
0	none of the pastas had any flavor .
1	the pool area was difficult to get into and out of .
0	when i walked in the place was empty .
1	this was after waiting _num_ minutes to get someone to the electronic area .
0	could n't you have just lied to me and told me you were out ?
1	and i had no clue just thought it was the standard pick up area .
0	the whole experience was absolutely ridiculous .
1	there were plenty of tables and rest areas they could have sat in .
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	common areas needed to be vacuumed !
0	just said to try back again !
1	but that may have been due to the two areas that were cooking meals .
0	`` again i ask oh really is there nothing you can do ? ''
1	ask another employee for help he said it 's not his area .
0	the new dentist could n't believe that !
1	i walk to the employee area he went to and waited .
0	i should n't have to ask for napkins at the point of need .
1	at the time , it was the premier cigar shop in the pittsburgh area .
0	it is very disappointing after having wonderful experiences here for over _num_ decades !
1	another guy in the kitchen area opposite him was facing me .
0	the service was terrible .
1	there were two dining areas and we were placed in the larger room .
0	service was mediocre but the food was poor .
1	the grounds are very poorly kept in places beyond the front office area .
0	the bus number is _num_ .
1	it had no shuttle to the airport and the area was not that great .
0	it was runny and bland .
1	unfortunately more than half the areas were closed due to private parties .
0	but this place was just awful .
1	the downstairs bar and dining area with the fireplace has been a winter favorite .
0	i watch lidia on tv and have a lot of her recipes .
1	clearly , this area does not get cleaned or maintained at all .
0	_num_ star .
1	the trash cans i saw in the seating area were also overflowing .
0	i 've had good meals here , and i 've had really bad ones .
1	the taxes are way higher than other hotels in the area .
0	she told me it would be awhile .
1	i had her re trim several areas that looked very uneven .
0	this stuff looked and tasted more like doughy noodles .
1	stopped by during a brief trip to the area .
0	i can not recommend this company .
1	petsmart shaved her too far up , in the stomach area .
0	i got a fill and a fix because i broke a nail .
1	not a huge fan of the area either .
0	real bad .
1	bottom line is i 've had better bbq in the madison area .
0	however some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross .
1	walked into the smallest waiting area i 've ever seen in a sit-down establishment .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	not a great presentation of the dining area .
0	we will not be going back !
1	smelled delicious and there was people eating in the dinning area .
0	the hallways smell as do the rooms and they are not clean at all .
1	we do n't need this type of store in a nice family area .
0	they ended up making a new one and the wait was over _num_ minutes .
1	_num_ minutes later , i was given a car in the gold parking area .
0	the wait staff was not that great either !
1	surrounding area with picnic tables was nice though .
0	the waiter was horrible and barely checked on us .
1	there are many better options for mexican food around this area .
0	is this what italian food in pittsburgh has come too ?
1	i do not even walk down certain area .
0	it all had no taste !
1	a little ghetto in areas .
0	wo n't go back or recommend it .
1	however once i stepped out of the reception area , i was instantly uncomfortable .
0	you have been warned ... stay away !
1	they could n't find it in the `` on holds area '' wth ?
0	there 's nothing about this specific location that is bad .
1	i walked to a nearby shopping area and waited the two hours .
0	from my first bite it was missing something ... flavor .
1	the sitting area was a nice size and the kitchenette area was clean .
0	too bad .
1	every time we are seated in the dining area it 's a bad experience .
0	let me start off by saying , i hate the dentist .
1	the whole area was pretty rude .
0	_num_ .
1	i was a long time customer and left the area ten years ago .
0	it sure is n't the food .
1	there are so many better restaurants in this area that are less expensive .
0	and again naturally , no return phone call .
1	the rooms are outdated and the gym / pool area are small .
0	in addition to being condescending , they hung up on me .
1	there are other better pizza places in the area .
0	my problem is that the hotel double charged me for my stay .
1	by the way , the showers in the spa area are terrible .
0	i ordered a drink _num_ times and never got it .
1	also , garbage was overflowing in the breakfast area .
0	my reuben sandwich was just okay .
1	the worst part is that this is the corporate store for the area .
0	unacceptable .
1	considering the options in the area , i wo n't be back .
0	unless you 're a local do n't go in there .
1	the canned foods in the grocery area are dusty .
0	so that was weird .
1	he missed the problem area due to poor testing .
0	time warner cable is awful .
1	the common areas were really filthy .
0	i said no thanks .
1	the area around the complex is n't safe for going on walks .
0	consider where this place is , the prices are really really high .
1	i am new to the area and i wanted a dive bar night .
0	completely disappointing .
1	first off , the seating area for continental airlines is really small .
0	i have never been so disappointed with a company .
1	worst service in the area , by far .
0	there 's a reason why there are only two reviews currently for this place .
1	i sat at the bar area and my service was not as usual .
0	very poor management .
1	and suggested i spend more money to have another girl wax these areas .
0	probably wo n't be back .
1	there 's tons of better restaurants in the area and in the city .
0	let 's start with having a _num_ sanitation rating .
1	the bar area felt cramped and made me uncomfortable .
0	place sucks .
1	worst baggage claim area i 've ever experienced .
0	we will not be back .
1	the main waiting area is also empty .
0	but unfortunately they had already sold out of the special .
1	we were in an area with a server , but the service was terrible .
0	i will never go back to this place , to many other options uptown .
1	a _num_ star hotel should keep up all areas where guest view .
0	the second time , though , was tonight , valentine 's day .
1	they should move the waiting room away from the sales floor area .
0	no management present that we could see .
1	i decided to stop in for lunch since i now work in the area .
0	thee buffalo chicken sandwich had no lettuce or tomato on it .
1	for me , there are plenty of better thai places in the area .
0	i was hard put to give _num_ % tip to be honest .
1	i am not surprised that this store is the lowest rated in the area .
0	the place was mostly empty .
1	ok atmosphere drinks are overpriced for the area .
0	took nearly two hours for everyone in our party to get our food .
1	it was ridiculously hot in that area .
0	i would n't wish this place on my own worst enemy .
1	-- why is this _num_ block area of thomas stuck in _num_ ?
0	avoid this crap hole at all costs .
1	it sucks that this is the closest chinese restaurant in our area .
0	i rarely write negative reviews .
1	we wandered around and went in the back area where all the cages were .
0	waitress wiped off table and pushed crumbs into my lap .
1	just because your in the biltmore area , does not mean you have class .
0	for the very first time the food was awful .
1	they hired people that had to be required to do certain areas correctly .
0	this is by far the absolute worst furniture experience i have encountered .
1	if you stand near the soda fountain area it will smell like sewage .
0	sad , very , very sad .
1	i leave the lounge area and stand by the checkout area .
0	however , there were three hostesses at the bar chatting and seemingly doing nothing .
1	find the other pizza joints in the area , i 'll not be back .
0	yep , that description of their `` chorizo '' comes directly off their menu .
1	do n't even bother unless you need the area for convenience !
0	i wish i would have taken a picture .
1	not a table in the bar area had been cleaned in that period .
0	seriously , terrible .
1	the dining area smelled like a bait shop , the bathrooms smelled even worse .
0	at eat n ' park , free cookies are a staple .
1	the dining area is extremely shabby : ripped cushions and dingy tables .
0	however , the reaction that we received was unacceptable .
1	this place is in need of some serious updating in all areas .
0	we walked out and still nobody noticed .
1	desert area of buffet was never stocked and was dirty .
0	fail !
1	unfortunately , their waiting area is very packed and does not hold _num_ comfortably .
0	_num_ coke = $ _num_ .
1	tried a different chinese restaurant in the area and wish i did not .
0	this was some of the worst food i 've ever had .
1	the dining area is brighter than the rest of the restaurant .
0	too late to back out .
1	i saw _num_ women chatting in the work area and another near the counter .
0	gross .
1	maybe the staff in other areas is decent but the er is just awful .
0	terrible service .
1	the child care area and i followed .
0	btw , no one ever showed up to fix the air .
1	try another restaurant in the area .
0	i told him we would like our $ _num_ back .
1	an adult area would change all this .
0	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
1	this used to be our favorite restaurant in the area .
0	but why support a business that really does n't care about you .
1	the general seating area has nothing in the way of privacy .
0	i would rather have eaten a mcdonald 's burger and fries .
1	nothing worse than you 'd find in the sf bay area .
0	all the white people get to eat , we do not ?
1	want to sit in the bar area ?
0	we were disappointed in this hotel .
1	we would n't return , even if we did live in the area .
0	cool sports bar , pool tables and ample flat screens .
1	too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
0	service is incredibly slow .
1	aka they are charging for non existing ink in a tattoo area .
0	he did nothing to compensate us for the long wait .
1	there is too much competition in the area for this kind of sloppy service .
0	i could n't understand why people raving about it too much .
1	i thought it was odd how many empty tables were in the bar area .
0	both were not unique in flavor or presentation .
1	there are about _num_ of them in the charlotte area .
0	the food ranges from mediocre to bland .
1	instead , if you like this area , i would recommend the boulevard apartments .
0	_num_ cents per slice for every topping ?
1	however , he is supposed to cover this area .
0	this was a mistake .
1	never ever stay or use the phoenix and surrounding area locations .
0	waitresses do not make much of an effort .
1	this used to be my favorite taco bell in the madison area .
0	tried to buy a book and have it shipped as a christmas present .
1	delivery is slow and not even close to the best chinese in the area .
0	the other day someone asked me ... where 's your favourite vietnamese food ?
1	outside of the freezer is the prep area with a large gray garbage can .
0	my advice : locals must not know shit from their asshole .
1	after i walk in , the bar area was filled , restaurant portion wasnt .
0	slow service and a mediocre meal .
1	the staff is still incompetent in the mri area .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	dogs also get some time to run in a huge play area outside .
0	when we showed up , it was like i 'd never called .
1	if you live in the area , i guess you have no choice .
0	i do n't have that problem at other arby 's .
1	not enough seating in terminal area .
0	that will be ignored and you will wait like everyone else .
1	i needed this script asap so i killed time in the area .
0	we would be paying several hundred dollars to get the doors installed .
1	it was lacking in all areas of its life .
0	in fact , it was awful .
1	too many other fine mexican restaurants in the area .
0	noisy , dirty , poorly renovated and the worst customer service known to man .
1	i urge you to get other estimates especially in the tucson area .
0	_num_ more minutes to get plates .
1	no one or nothing was in the manicure area .
0	this was our first time trying this place since moving to castle shannon .
1	go to domino 's if this is your papa johns for your area .
0	so far really slow food service .
1	ok but would not choose it over other great restaurants in the area .
0	my husband and i left and i said we would n't be coming back .
1	the bathroom opens to the dining area , so that made it seem worse .
0	it 's clear that cleanliness is not a priority here .
1	she said nothing and ran off into another area of the restaurant .
0	_num_ .
1	no one in dining area .
0	the menu is n't extensive , so keep in mind your options are limited .
1	go somewhere else for lunch , there are many better options in the area .
0	no call , nothing .
1	it makes me wonder how clean the kitchen area really was .
0	the way you are treated is sub par .
1	to begin with , they have only two chairs in the waiting area .
0	i will not return to this place again .
1	four confused people look over to a pretty empty bar area .
0	service was just awful .
1	i walked in and was greeted as i walked back to the boots area .
0	terrible experience here .
1	they need to upgrade and build areas where you can charge your phone .
0	the entire staff was rude .
1	roy 's invited this by setting up this seating area .
0	for many , many years i had the same massage therapist .
1	why are there security cameras in the men 's locker room shower area ?
0	both drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol .
1	a breakfast place that has been in the area a long time .
0	i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
1	then we saw the back area where they have the boarded birds , etc .
0	pretty disappointed in my service here the other day .
1	stopped here because i was in the area .
0	i will never have another mri done there .
1	the area of the hotel is not good .
0	mens room did n't have any paper towels to dry hands with .
1	however , there are better places to dine within the southpark area .
0	for a store the size of giant eagle , i expect more .
1	but restaurant always clean in dining area & staff always friendly .
0	why in _num_ are hotels still doing this ?
1	no spa area .
0	it was late at night near closing , only thing i could find open .
1	first , the area is sketchy at best .
0	the food is ok but it is really more or less chinese food .
1	their area code on an online advertisement said _num_ ( n scottsdale ) .
0	never going back .
1	you should hang around the waiting area and pretend you are a customer .
0	my boyfriend ordered the hot fish , but it was way too salty .
1	no problem , so we sat in the waiting area with the others .
0	although i love the store , this store has horrible customer service .
1	dining area is sparse , basic tables and booths .
0	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
1	confusing terminal approach and rental car return area .
0	why the hell was there a wait ?
1	we went at lunch and the waiting area was packed !
0	i ca n't begin to express my disappointment in your establishment .
1	fortunately it was only a few small areas , but it 's still unacceptable .
0	by 6:30 , there were still a number of empty tables .
1	i generally love papa johns , but this one is lacking in all areas .
0	will not come back here .
1	the area is a complete nightmare , do not live here .
0	the young man who greeted me seemed a little turned off by my coupon .
1	air did n't work correctly in the bedroom area .
0	ugh .
1	just too many other good places in the area to eat .
0	their foods are not that tasteful .
1	the range hitting area was bare dirt .
0	i personally ordered the lobster and shrimp tacos and they were served cold .
1	nothing else around the area was open at 5:30 am .
0	the bartender never came back to me to take my drink order .
1	if you sit around the bar area you wo n't always get good service .
0	rude !
1	you would think it would be a little better in a area like this .
0	the first half dragged .
1	i will not return to this establishment again when in the area for business .
0	i see why this place is hurting for business .
1	on a tuesday night at _num_ , the lounge area was packed .
0	when make turns , there is noise from front wheel .
1	the attitude of the staff was unlike anything i have experienced in this area .
0	horrible food .
1	worst airport in the area .
0	i was not impressed with my sandwich there .
1	they 're actually worse than some large corporate stores in these areas .
0	first off , our waitress just was n't good .
1	there are better hibachi options in the area .
0	the shop is n't that great anyway .
1	sticky floors , dirty tables , soda area a wreck - yuk !
0	i am giving it _num_ stars only because the manager was nice .
1	waited a bit before getting shown upstairs ( where the bridal area is . )
0	no offer to refill drinks or for water .
1	dirty sticky kitchen area counters .
0	i was not impressed at all .
1	i am brand new to the area and never ordered from this location before .
0	_num_ hour and _num_ mins is ridiculously long to wait !
1	the grocery area is where you order lunch .
0	but the burger was n't memorable at all .
1	clt needs improvements in the drop off and pick up areas .
0	the place was noisy and it was pricey .
1	most modern games area priced more than $ _num_ each play .
0	very poor service .
1	this is the worst pharmacy in the area !
0	the only thing worse than the food is the service .
1	on my way home from the pv area i stopped at this party city .
0	`` no , it 's not ready yet .
1	there are better prices at almost any other smoke shop in the area .
0	the food is crap .
1	plenty more in area to choose from i will not be back !
0	it was so spicy i could n't really taste anything .
1	there has to be better gyms in the area .
0	not laid out well .
1	the play area was just a few balls and some toys and a tv .
0	however , i wo n't be back .
1	i have not eaten in the dinner area yet .
0	it 's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food .
1	the dining area is too dark and the lunch buffet is mediocre .
0	_num_ minutes later the delivery guy calls and says he 's on his way .
1	worst starbucks service in the general area .
0	the room are _num_ stars .
1	however , it was more expensive than other shops in the area .
0	do n't believe i will be returning here unless it 's free !
1	there are too many good restaurants in this area to tolerate the rokerij .
0	giant eagle should be ashamed of this establishment .
1	the rest of the restaurant was fine but the entry area was insane .
0	the chicken piccata was flavorful , but not as expected .
1	it has a huge outdoor patio area , plus balcony , plus indoor seating .
0	most of our bill was the wine .
1	she was n't too happy i had to go back to the grooming area .
0	i walked in and was a little surprised .
1	also , the lanes and the area around are really poor .
0	so why just a `` _num_ star '' rating ?
1	for the price they are asking there are several better options in the area .
0	i could n't believe it .
1	carpets in rooms and common area are dirty as well .
0	mixed in with this were some dried herbs - maybe an italian mix ?
1	one of the very worst security areas in the country .
0	there was absolutely no care or thought put into this salad .
1	lots of other hotel choices in the area .
0	extremely disappointing and appalling .
1	upstairs and outside areas are tight too .
0	terrible service !
1	worst taco bell in the area .
0	finally , _num_ mins later ... that 's one hour , folks .
1	i sat in the little snack area and drank it .
0	but i would have sent it back if i were on my own .
1	they fail today in both areas .
0	neither of us were n't very happy about this .
1	so many fountains , open areas , gardens to visit .
