0	and meats were not cooked to request and the servers forgot the eating utensils .
1	i asked the waitress ... did n't this come with the mango salsa topping ?
0	i do n't even see how time warner is even in business !
1	ordered steak and waiter did n't ask how wanted it done .
0	that has no chicken .
1	i asked wth and they told me , management change .
0	we both got martinis and the nachos and buffalo spread apps .
1	brittany came back and only asked to refill my friend 's drink .
0	oh , and the lunch special pricing is not bad at all .
1	so we called back and asked for our money back .
0	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
1	it is definitely not _num_ days free with no questioned asked .
0	the pittsburgh auto show was held at the david l. convention center .
1	i asked for a full refund , i was not spending my money here .
0	the pricing is ridiculous .
1	he apologized and asked me to come back as he was gone .
0	breadsticks and meatball sub for my mother .
1	at one point , they even asked me not to use the shower .
0	for a $ _num_ dollar meal , it was n't worth $ _num_ .
1	do n't bother asking for management .
0	they made us wait simply because they ca n't staff correctly .
1	i then asked to see what they had in the price they offered me .
0	she told me it would be awhile .
1	five minutes later my waitress returns asking me what i ordered .
0	whatever the case , they have cold guinness .
1	never did she ask not offer to fix it .
0	the first half dragged .
1	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
0	i am extremely disappointed and will never order or recommend them for anything !
1	you 're probably asking why order that when at a fish market .
0	i got a medium _num_ topping and this pizza was very bland to me .
1	i did n't get the extra buffalo sauce i asked for .
0	food was average , service very bad .
1	not a huge deal , but annoying since we asked them to do that .
0	if i could give negative star rating i would .
1	asked if they would guarantee it would be here this time ?
0	are u kidding me ?
1	when i asked to speak with manager , she was not taking calls .
0	looks great from the outside but everything else about it is terrible .
1	could someone have asked us if we wanted a drink ?
0	my hope is that they fix their problems .
1	i asked if he is a doctor and she replied , `` no .
0	i 'll stick with trader joe 's for my alternative market , thank you !
1	party involved said it was fine and asked me not to say something .
0	this was the most absurd display at a restaurant i have ever seen .
1	then the waitress asked me if i knew the chicken itself was spicy .
0	potato pancakes taste like they had vinegar in them .
1	it was actually so bad that we asked to talk to the manager .
0	not a table in the bar area had been cleaned in that period .
1	i asked for a refund and left immediately .
0	and questioned why it was cold .
1	delivered our desert in a to go container without us even asking !
0	i was originally told it would take _num_ mins .
1	no chop sticks or soy sauce unless you ask for it .
0	do n't waste your time at the fish market .
1	nothing but excuses from this place when called to ask .
0	our server , from beginning to end , was slow .
1	there was dead silence , i asked again and she hung up on me !
0	highly recommend that no one ever goes here .
1	kind of gross if you ask me .
0	we were rushed through our meals like we were n't wanted !
1	waited _num_ minutes before someone asked if we needed something .
0	the fried chicken was straight forward .
1	i asked if it was out for delivery and she could n't tell me .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	i felt like i was asking an enemy for a favor .
0	its a dry dough too , very dry .
1	i asked our server why they had n't mentioned this when we came in .
0	all the regular stores , plus some of the more trashy ones .
1	the customer next to me asked three more times very nicely for the water .
0	i did n't appreciate it , understand it , or like it at all .
1	our drinks were refilled often without being asked .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one .
0	the staff was rude .
1	unfortunately yelp asked to provide more details on review .
0	i waited .
1	he asked us immediately after sitting down what we wanted to order .
0	it was loud , but expected that on a friday night .
1	i asked for a delivery time and it came _num_ mins early .
0	how disgusting .
1	also he asked me if i wanted a menu ... ... strange .
0	we quickly found out why .
1	i asked for a pen , not a kidney .
0	my soul purpose to coming here was to get my license picture taken .
1	he was very weird -- asked personal questions that were none of his business .
0	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
1	so you ask why _num_ stars , simple it was location location .
0	and def not as good !
1	if you asked me if i 'd return , i 'd probably say no .
0	she returned not long after and said she was alright .
1	i asked again , and he had to go get his manager ?
0	Neutral
1	i also asked for my eggs to not be runny and they were .
0	i am disappointed .
1	i asked how long as my husband was picking her up .
0	whoever recently took over , should be ashamed .
1	i did n't bother to ask if anything was organic .
0	_num_ .
1	when i asked her for chopsticks , she just walked away .
0	breakfast options in the immediate area are almost nonexistent .
1	_num_ ) what carts you ask ?
0	the portions are tiny , and the pho broth leaves you unsatisfied .
1	is that really too much to ask ?
0	the fries were cooked to perfection , but lacked flavor .
1	never asked us if we wanted another drink nor if are food was good !
0	there is such a thing as food too fast .
1	i never once got a refill , even when i asked .
0	no ... these bagels are about the same you would get anywhere .
1	i asked for my check and barely ate anything .
0	and the veal was dry .
1	but then he asks if he can see the earrings and necklace .
0	disgusting .
1	but , they act as though i 've asked for the world .
0	fortunately , i 'd gotten that info when i ordered .
1	no offer to adjust my membership so i ask for $ _num_ refund .
0	overall , this joint was not that great .
1	he offered no explanation , and i did n't bother to ask why .
0	i only gave them _num_ stars because the pizza itself was pretty good .
1	i 'm not asking too much .
0	can i give this place zero stars ?
1	i asked for medium cooked and they gave me burnt .
0	man was this place packed !
1	the other day someone asked me ... where 's your favourite vietnamese food ?
0	zero stars for service .
1	did n't even ask for my money back i was so disgusted .
0	the food you need to be careful , because sometimes they are expired .
1	way too expensive if you ask me .
0	furnishings and bedding from the _num_ 's ... if not _num_ 's !
1	however , we were not asked if we wanted more .
0	the portions here are huge ( the one constant ) .
1	we managed to flag down another waitress and asked for silverware and napkins .
0	disgusting .
1	each time , i ask myself , `` why am i going back ? ''
0	okay , i know what you 're thinking why not just leave ?
1	i stopped by to see them , asking them to give me a price .
0	i showed the lady the picture of my desired bang .
1	unprofessional when owner says go to hell to a customer asking for refund !
0	i did not have internet for about a month .
1	then he asks for my address so he can send me a gift certificate .
0	unfortunately , the entrees were no better .
1	comes back a minute later and asks for my keys .
0	i hardly ever send food back or complain but this was really bad .
1	i asked for my money back and left .
0	absolutely horrible service .
1	she asks me what i ordered .
0	are you kidding me time warner ?
1	when i checked out , no one asked me how my stay was .
0	this was a horrible experience .
1	i 've got to ask myself why do i keep doing this .
0	i will not go back again .
1	when i called and asked to speak to a manager no one spoke english .
0	they used to have a white mocha but not anymore .
1	i asked for a glass of wine .
0	drama , drama , and more drama .
1	_num_ minutes later ... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there .
0	the only good part was the bacon , which was ok at best .
1	i asked why there is a wait as nearly all the tables were open .
0	i was forced to stay a night here and it was so disgusting !
1	i asked for ketchup and was handed _num_ packets .
0	well it is a sunday night and the crowd is not here .
1	okay , shame on us for not asking .
0	i was quickly greeted by paul - who was great !
1	i did n't have anymore time and asked them to check my order .
0	the soup tasted spoiled , the tomatoes in my salad were frozen and mushy .
1	i gave him my drink order and then he asked for our dinner order .
0	i 've been going to this bar randomly over the last _num_ years .
1	if i asked the price , she did n't know and did n't look .
0	i could understand if they were worn a lot , but they were not .
1	she did n't ask me , she told me to come back tomorrow .
0	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
1	had to ask for dressing , the cook apologized saying he forgot .
0	and it was cold - did n't even take my winter coat off .
1	asked to have it reheated , still came back cold .
0	it smelled awful inside .
1	i asked for no mustard on my club pita and it had mustard .
0	my sandwich did n't even have true tomato slices .
1	i had asked for the manager to call me and he did n't .
0	the fourth got his about _num_ minutes later and his food was terrible .
1	we also asked for extra ice and such , but our waitress never remembered .
0	battered and fried .
1	we never got asked if we needed anything else and received no water refill .
0	i 've been here twice and i 'm just not crazy about it .
1	i asked for my salad with no olives , it had olives .
0	the fish itself was bland .
1	i was confused asked to speak tho the manager by another waitress .
0	walking through this mall just creepy though .
1	the food was horrible and they included the tip without asking .
0	the team went out of their way to get us in quickly and efficiently .
1	we complained the salsa was too hot and asked if she has something else .
0	it was sad , really .
1	he asked me if i had $ _num_ cash on me .
0	we love japanese steak houses and this was our least favorite meal in pittsburgh .
1	then she gave it to us before thinking to ask if we wanted another .
0	but apparently , mama has left the kitchen .
1	i asked for an estimated wait time , not how many appointments there are .
0	soups were borderline offensive .
1	i took a _num_ lb package to ups and asked for a quote .
0	bland .
1	i asked for a refund and she said how much was it ?
0	i mean , there was oil dripping out of the inside .
1	the waiter did not even bother to ask if everything was okay .
0	i have never dealt with such poor management in my life .
1	first off , i asked them for a exterior detail .
0	so it was no discount at all .
1	i got nowhere until i asked that a count of the register receipts .
0	she had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for _num_ years .
1	i asked for a refill on my drink , never got one .
0	i had the pasta trio .
1	she was n't helpful at all never asked how our food was .
0	i brought my order home , found three pieces of chicken , overcooked .
1	i made sure i asked for extra sauce ( just in case ) .
0	we ordered just soup and eggrolls for takeout .
1	wrong , not if they do n't ask you if you want more .
0	was someone else supposed to bring it , did she forget ?
1	no one asked us anything .
0	i was really hoping that this place would have good food .
1	no one ever greeted me or asked if i needed help .
0	my room came with an awesome jacuzzi .
1	the phone was answered and i simply asked : do you carry time magazine ?
0	finally , we felt like the whole restaurant clientele has declined .
1	am i asking for too much ?
0	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
1	the cashier had no idea what we were asking for .
0	she took my bottle of wine and did not mention the price or anything .
1	i asked for a cappuccino for dessert and was told the machine was broken .
0	unfortunately , we threw out most of our entrees .
1	if anyone had asked , i would have shared these comments .
0	this fast food place almost always gets my order wrong .
1	i got a flounder dinner there recently , asked for some extra tartar sauce .
0	it took _num_ minutes just to get our waters .
1	my cousin asked for sour cream and waited another _num_ minutes for it .
0	the girlfriends sushi meal was a bit over priced for a lunch menu .
1	they asked if i was sure i only moved in five days earlier .
0	no checks .
1	so i asked how to return it and he did n't know .
0	just had the panang tofu for lunch , and was crazy underwhelmed .
1	however , be sure to ask for a tour and see the space .
0	until then she was just missing .
1	no one asked us this .
0	this mcdonald 's is so bad it 's amazing .
1	asked for risotto and got some pasta , not sure what .
0	so now i have a very sick kitten on my hands .
1	i asked for a mount and balance from them and had a good laugh .
0	_num_ .
1	_num_ minutes later he calls again and asks where we are .
0	slowest deli department in town .
1	she was helpful and asked if she could get us anything else .
0	_num_ .
1	so i asked for two pints , nope , out of pints too .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	she asks employee to scale back .
0	the beer selection is n't that great and the upstairs bar is not full .
1	i called the salon and they asked i return and have the shellac redone .
0	we left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food .
1	asked for a manager , she never came to the table .
0	my server was horrific .
1	the lady almost asked for the double price after doing the job .
0	this explains why i got my haircut there so many times .
1	i had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce .
0	yes , but only if it is convenient .
1	and i asked for cheddar on top - what the hell ?
0	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
1	and if that does n't work ask `` what restaurant is your favorite ? ''
0	this restaurant has really gone downhill over the last few years .
1	when i asked for one , they said they did not have any .
0	what i got was dry and totally tasteless .
1	i showed him my coupon , and asked him if he accepted them .
0	even the chips and salsa are n't terribly good .
1	i 'm not even asking much .
0	the salad was nothing special .
1	this is was far from a hot breakfast if you ask me .
0	just do n't expect to get anything else out of it .
1	we walked in and asked for a table for two .
0	the cleanliness of the bathrooms is less than desirable .
1	they refilled our glasses only once , after we had asked for the check .
0	so why not actually make a decent public transportation system ?
1	then i specially asked whether the rick comes with dishes or not .
0	all the techs are nice except the man ( andy ) he is horrible !
1	no big deal we did n't ask for it .
0	like i said , i wo n't be back .
1	i asked for ranch and never got it .
0	avoid harris grill .
1	waitress did n't even ask how my food was .
0	gave me a texas number .
1	dude - here 's a tip - do n't ask for a tip .
0	i just do n't get how anyone could like it ?
1	asked for manager and no manager ever came .
0	but i 'm sure the mall 's rent killed them .
1	but was a winning season too much to ask for ?
0	only another _num_ minutes until he brought one martini over .
1	i asked if she had pbr , and she replied she did n't know .
0	them stood behind some policy that they could n't sell parts .
1	i ask again , are they hot ?
0	i ordered the chicken kabob .
1	sometimes i guess expected good customer service is asking for too much .
0	the service as mentioned was poor .
1	i even asked my husband to check in case i missed it .
0	that 's _num_ minutes to be next .
1	however while waiting two hours , we repeatedly asked our server about our dinner .
0	my girlfriend had a similarly bland meal .
1	she asks my husband to reschedule .
0	i am positive this bakery used to be better ... something has changed there .
1	i asked her for honey mustard , she didnt even hear me .
0	rude !
1	i 've filled tires 2x since so i asked them to check on tires .
0	like i said maybe just an off night but we wo n't be back .
1	i never asked for it and do n't know why it was done .
0	it looks like they do n't vacuum very often .
1	oh , and we did ask to order many times , but just ignored .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	so she asked for a little more from the server .
0	gross !
1	is that too much to ask ?
0	he was there for approximately _num_ minutes .
1	i asked for a root beer and a burger with no onions .
0	they do n't care about anyone .
1	i asked about late hours but the latest appointment is at _num_ pm .
0	i had spaghetti and meatballs and a caesar salad .
1	no host and the bartender asked if we were going to eat .
0	but also way over prices .
1	i purchase those passing pittsburgh , not really possible asking for refund .
0	sorry , i grew up in pgh .
1	my acrylic nails are crooked and shorter than i asked .
0	very disappointed .
1	at 1:30 i asked about my vehicle and was told i was next .
0	even the server commented on the lack of a sauce .
1	asked to leave my card at the bar .
0	the drinks were n't anything special either .
1	i asked them three times to please try and they refused all three times .
0	wo n't be back .
1	cashier asks me to repeat my order to him .
0	im _num_ from ohio .
1	finally i flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager .
0	we had to flag down our waitress just to get refills .
1	_num_ hours before close and i asked for the grilled chicken bites .
0	i have terrible foot pain and can barely walk .
1	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
0	not crispy at all assuming thats why it was so fast .
1	i asked for a milkshake , not once but twice .
0	the fries were generic .
1	i should n't have to ask for napkins at the point of need .
0	the waiter said she only comes to town twice a year .
1	so , i just asked her , what do you have .
0	but do n't feel this way .
1	took two bites and asked for our money back .
0	i threw my mean in the garbage .
1	i tried to ask for some , but she walked away .
0	our bill was over $ _num_ .
1	the staff would not know i had once asked for that room .
0	and this was an early lunch with very few customers around .
1	called to ask for an additional van , were told _num_ minutes .
0	stay away from time warner .
1	she did n't know the warranty plans when i asked her .
0	_num_ - a lot of the drinks did n't have prices on them .
1	a rip off of you ask me .
0	i will give them hell . ''
1	neither one greeted me or asked me what i would have like to order .
0	i wish i could give less stars .
1	even when we asked for more towels they said only _num_ per room .
0	i did not find the venue pleasant .
1	he then asked me what i needed .
0	i 'm not even sure where to start .
1	i even asked for low salt , low sugar , and low msg .
0	it was such a nightmare .
1	they may ask you where the food came from ?
0	but after what happened i will never be back .
1	female manager on duty asked for $ _num_ in exchange for a pizza .
0	i went here after a car accident that was not my fault .
1	ridiculous planning if you ask me !
0	real bad .
1	pointed out the problem and asked them if they would eat something like that .
0	its _num_ and they still do n't take credit and or debit cards .
1	he did n't bother to ask me if i was done with it .
0	extremely disappointed .
1	we sat down no waitress came to ask for our drinks or introduce herself .
0	the place is dirty too .
1	i usually do n't ask for a receipt unless i donate electronics and such .
0	nor good signs and we should have walked out then .
1	so , why only _num_ stars you ask ?
0	_num_ .
1	here 's a tip , do n't ask for a tip .
0	third , i 've personally had issues with meat quality here .
1	nobody even bothered to ask me if i was waiting for my appointment .
0	they were significantly cheaper .
1	i would always suggest it when friends asked me where to go .
0	i went into dean of shadyside salon to get my hair colored .
1	she did not ask us anything when we were shopping .
0	either case , i 'm not thrilled .
1	i asked what time they close tomorrow , he said , `` 8:30 '' .
0	the customer service at this location is terrible .
1	at _num_ pm i asked for my car .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the beer selection .
1	we asked ... should we get out own menus ?
0	done in less than _num_ hours .
1	he got angry and slammed away when i asked him who he was .
0	do not go to this restaurant !
1	he could n't explain why he was asking the question either .
0	water temp on the chair got too cold too fast .
1	i asked where it went and she was n't sure .
