0	- original pretzel appetizer .
1	no one was around when my husband was in need of medical attention .
0	i do n't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff .
1	very long waits between the courses with no attention from server .
0	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
1	it just needs a little attention .
0	very disappointed in this place .
1	it was outstanding with all the attention to detail .
0	i had very little meat in mine , and more coleslaw that anything else .
1	the service is top notch and the attention to details is on point .
0	do n't order from this shop if you want a timely delivery .
1	yeah idiot i just checked in _num_ minutes ago ... way to pay attention .
0	was going to try the buffalo pizza .
1	their low class behavior was brought to the staff 's attention .
0	some rude nasty woman answers the phone !
1	might have to take my business elsewhere now , due to lack of attention .
0	that should have been my first clue to walk away .
1	she was rude and clearly did not pay attention to her job .
0	i was meeting up with _num_ other people there .
1	apparently , i did n't pay enough attention to the reviews online when booking .
0	nevertheless , this place in the westin hotel is no different .
1	i certainly appreciate the personal attention .
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	also , my cat is now perfectly healthy and needed no medical attention whatsoever .
0	no offer of water , or a drink .
1	great service , attention to detail , spot cleaning and special requests .
0	i figured palace like this would have made their own strawberry topping .
1	and the wait staff does n't pay attention .
0	mmm not too happy with my recent experience at harris grill .
1	i tried to get his attention but he was ignoring us !
0	i 'd recommend stopping in another giant eagle if you can .
1	for the food quality and attention to detail the prices are also extremely reasonable .
0	this used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat .
1	they do such a great job and pay amazing attention to detail .
0	i 've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced .
1	no massage , no attention to detail , no love , awful paint job .
0	i get it .
1	we tried to get her attention to no avail .
0	unimpressive food .
1	i walked around hoping to grab the attention of someone working there .
0	it 's a shame , because it was a beautiful gift .
1	i still feel it should get the same attention , especially at $ _num_ .
0	but , the fast part for this location has struggled for a while .
1	the lack of attention to detail is apparent .
0	two seconds later , they come to want to clean ?
1	they completely stop paying attention to what 's going on around them .
0	she served us our drinks then immediately left for another table .
1	their attention to detail was poor .
0	i wish i could remember the other thing , but it was better .
1	sullivan 's is lacking in attention to details .
0	we went on a sunday and i expected a wait , which was fine .
1	terrible , no , no attention or service after 10:30 .
0	ps the maintenance staff are fabulous and deserve _num_ stars !
1	there was absolutely no attention paid to us .
0	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
1	wonderfully charming place filled with attention to detail and comfort food !
0	the steaks came and were both overcooked .
1	the attention to detail just was n't there .
0	but rather good could n't complain .
1	the owner of this place should pay more attention to their customers .
0	and fallen far .
1	only then did they pay attention .
0	after a noticeable drop in quality , i started ordering elsewhere .
1	the owners were constantly over our shoulders begging for praise and attention .
0	wo n't go back or recommend it .
1	the shot selection was bad and the attention to detail was poor .
0	what a disappointing easter dinner .
1	some of the employees do n't pay attention .
0	costco was closed so i went to giant eagle .
1	if they payed attention to there job i would have a better experience .
0	worst elevator system i 've ever come across .
1	so i see no excuse to this lack of attention to its customers ... .
0	a year later , the ceiling in my bedroom began to leak .
1	great level of personal attention from a great doctor .
0	i would recommend capital grille over morton 's .
1	sometimes i need to repeat myself because they are n't paying attention .
0	the store itself seemed really outdated and stinky .
1	and when we finally got her attention she gave us attitude and horrible gesture .
0	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
1	i am extremely disappointed in the lack of service and medical attention i received .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	too bad the crew creating the food does n't pay attention .
0	it 's lettuce , cheese , and pine nuts !
1	service was of the top , and attention was n't lacking .
0	_num_ .
1	i needed usually needed to wait and attempt to attract her attention .
0	the owner ( larger woman ) is rude and dismissive of my questions .
1	looked my server in the eye to get his attention and he ignored us .
0	i start work at _num_ am .
1	rude yes , but nothing else got any kind of attention .
0	no one .
1	i 'll pay for the beer , just actually pay attention .
0	but i 'm really disappointed .
1	when we brought it to there attention they brought out more crab same thing .
0	something just feels wrong .
1	the care and attention that they gave to our girls was outstanding .
0	i guess all customers are n't equal .
1	unfortunately , it seems there is zero attention to food quality .
0	worst food in pittsburgh .
1	after finally getting her attention back , i asked to have it brought out .
0	overpriced and overwhelming .
1	i should 've paid closer attention to the bad reviews .
0	i also wish that i could provide them with zero stars .
1	still no attention from the bartender .
0	unfortunately , the entrees were no better .
1	_num_ minutes later , we finally got his attention to request the bill .
0	so go there instead is the best advice i can give .
1	only $ _num_ a piece but great attention to detail !
0	the food was decently made and the environment was welcoming .
1	but the lack of attention paid left me with a bad feeling .
0	sorry buds !
1	and if i had been paying attention she would n't have to repeat herself !
0	dead malls are sad , for some reason .
1	just wish management would pay attention .
0	the filet was decent but not $ _num_ worth of decent .
1	ten minutes pass as tables around us get hovering attention .
0	but i just can not bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here .
1	food is n't made with much attention .
0	okay , but wo n't be going back soon .
1	odd ... but did n't pay much attention .
0	i miss the old garden ridge .
1	could not get any clerk in screw area to pay attention to me .
0	poor customer service when trying to use reward from app .
1	i had to wait _num_ minutes until i got attention again .
0	recently it changed ownership and sadly the results are horrific .
1	the owners are extremely caring and the food shows their attention to detail !
0	i was in a time crunch , so paid anyways .
1	charlotte has amazing expertise , and she has great attention to detail .
0	sub-par sushi .
1	great guy , incredibly quick service with care and attention .
0	)
1	paul 's extreme attention to detail and creativity are what sets him apart .
0	so i do n't need to tell you how nasty that was .
1	he was very cordial and paid great attention to detail .
0	when we did finally get our food , it was ice cold .
1	when brought to the managers attention , he did not seem to care .
0	it 's happened everytime i go and it 's really unprofessional .
1	i 'm sure their variety of pizza will have your attention !
0	its really too bad , they are super close to my apartment .
1	the bathrooms needs extreme attention , it really smells bad in there .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	teachers do n't pay that close attention .
0	glad i tried this place but wo n't rush back .
1	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
0	it tasted like nothing .
1	amazing service & attention .
0	the food is bad !
1	i was pleased with his attention and caring for customers .
0	really , are they kidding serving store bought salsa ?
1	they attend one customer at a time and give them their absolute attention .
0	it 's a shame he could not assist me with some grace and respect .
1	no attention to detail .
0	needless to say none of us wanted to order another round of drinks .
1	on our last visit it took us _num_ minutes to get our waitresses attention .
0	it seems ridiculous , actually .
1	underwhelming - attention to detail is lacking .
0	i want to know what to expect , you know ?
1	very short and not paying attention to me .
0	she also split a small mushroom pizza with my dad which was above average .
1	if your seeking genuine medical attention i would strongly suggest another facility .
0	it all had no taste !
1	there was no attention to my body 's needs .
0	i also like the white cheddar mash potatoes .
1	very disappointed with the waiter and manager 's attention .
0	the crust was super doughy and the cheese was pretty gross .
1	however , it needs some serious attention .
0	in fact i was quite disappointed .
1	really needs attention from its chef owner .
0	ok , so they were n't bad , but the fish was dry .
1	impersonal and sometimes difficult to get the waiters ' attention .
0	asked to leave my card at the bar .
1	most people would not pay any attention and leave without knowing .
0	not my scene whatsoever !
1	the professional care and attention i receive is amazing .
0	this location though has horribly slow service .
1	if you are going to be cheap , at least pay attention to detail .
0	breadsticks and salad came out like expected .
1	she would have ignored me completely had i not called for her attention .
0	unfortunately the food was a let down .
1	we were never payed attention too and the waiter was never friendly .
0	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
1	obviously he is unhappy and does not pay attention to details .
0	they just wanted to work , i guess .
1	maybe i should have paid more attention to what i was eating .
0	today i gave them _num_ chance .
1	but your customer service and attention to detail is atrocious .
0	there has to be better gyms in the area .
1	do n't pay attention to what is listed on their website .
0	this was a no go for me .
1	just as the previous review stated `` no attention to customers '' .
0	the receptionist can not handle tips at all .
1	the staff was pleasant and attentive , clearly more attention is being paid there .
0	$ _num_ and we both left and ate pizza .
1	i tried getting the attention of three different workers and was ignored .
0	i have been here a total of four times .
1	the attention to detail was fabulous .
0	it is unfortunate .
1	i tried getting his attention but he did n't care .
0	why did n't i have to show some email to get the free treatment ?
1	the lack of attention and timely response from management is ridiculous .
0	i 've had way better chinese sushi at giant eagle of all places .
1	i 've been pleased with the service and attention i get .
0	i suspect it would be really delicious cold , for breakfast .
1	they were knowledgeable , helpful & also showed our puppy lots of attention .
0	i did n't finish it .
1	shape was uneven and no attention to details whatsoever .
0	i would n't go back .
1	no such attention here .
0	unless you have no other choice do not shop here .
1	rude , unhelpful staff who pays very little attention to detail .
0	no thanks .
1	attention to detail , just as awful .
0	just had the worst experience at a nail salon .
1	tried to get her attention but did n't want to make a scene .
0	they refuse to put anything on paper .
1	reasonably priced , attention to detail .
0	are we really hungry or really impatient ?
1	lack of attention to detail .
0	the size that i ordered required zero alterations .
1	the only way to get their attention is demanding answer from someone in charge .
0	man were they wrong !
1	worst customer service ever with people who are rude and do n't pay attention .
0	i also should have known that i should n't have cheated on my diet .
1	poor attention to detail , poor quality .
0	on the other hand , the fried pickles were great .
1	there is no attention to quality , or taste .
0	so , obviously , no free refills .
1	she talked to the other women that worked there she did not pay attention .
0	the light fixtures were too modern to be considered cozy .
1	i received very personal attention , and i found a gorgeous dress .
0	it was clear servicing customers was an inconvenience to him .
1	i was n't paying attention and wow !
0	and that its all the owners fault about the price .
1	of course driving by the name caught my attention , so why not !
0	to say the least , i was disappointed in my soup .
1	apparently i was n't going to drop enough money to get much attention .
0	this is not italian food - it 's pittsburgh italian food .
1	he paid very little attention to our order , getting it wrong .
0	the steak was so chopped that it kept falling out of the bun .
1	we brought it to their attention and the staff and management did n't care .
0	you can wait for _num_ minutes at the wine bar . ''
1	the level of service and attention to detail is top notch .
0	it was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable .
1	incredible craftsmanship and attention to detail .
0	but i am not rushing back .
1	the only medical attention i was given were x-rays and pain medication .
0	do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
1	i was so disgusted and tried to get the attention of someone , anyone .
0	everything is basic with a large price tag .
1	could n't get my servers attention for hot sauce or salsa to add flavor .
0	-they did not install tires correctly .
1	there were _num_ other tables - all of whom seemed to be getting attention .
0	now i had a $ _num_ salad and $ _num_ pasta trio .
1	if only they gave more attention and care to make their dishes taste better .
0	never again mad mex south hills !
1	our server paid little attention to us .
0	or it had just spilled and they did n't want to waste it .
1	not overly clean and not much attention given to the ambiance .
0	maybe i went on a bad day but the food was pretty darn terrible .
1	furthermore , it took forever just to get our waitress 's attention .
0	after _num_ minutes without getting closer to the register , i gave up .
1	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
0	attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this `` employee . ''
1	alex , attention to detail .
0	after almost an hour of waiting , i still had no pizza .
1	service was good , just enough amount of attention to the guest .
0	horrible service .
1	however i was really disappointed with the lack of attention paid to the interior .
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	i am so impressed with the service and attention to detail at this hotel .
0	unfortunately the atmosphere did n't make up for the sub par food .
1	this management must be more pay attention for this business .
0	what a complete waste of time .
1	incredible attention to detail .
0	this appetizer was recommended and was garbage .
1	please pay attention to the negative reviews before you experience carmel family physicians .
0	it took about _num_ minutes , minimum , to get our first drinks .
1	he gets to know all of his customers and gives attention to detail .
0	would not have my dogs teeth cleaned here !
1	we already burned over half an hour here trying to get anyone 's attention .
0	horrible experience .
1	but this is n't a place you 'd want that kind of attention .
0	plus my caesar salad had slimy wilted lettuce .
1	trust me , you 'll receive total care and attention !
0	to add insult to injury , the only restaurant in the hotel sucks .
1	when my food was ready she was n't paying attention .
0	maybe it is really just me who prefer cold sodas .
1	i guess i did n't really paid attention to it .
0	we also got a chicken ranch flat bread and this left us disappointed .
1	this is not what bothered me but it caught my attention .
0	ok , i 'm in !
1	servers are chatting , not paying attention to tables .
0	if it were up to me i would have never returned .
1	pay attention people or get off yelp .
0	no problems with my oil change .
1	this location does not pay attention to what their customers order .
0	$ _num_ for two fish tacos ?
1	we sat there waiting , trying to get the servers ' attention .
0	it was grilled chicken , french fries , a little cheese on chopped lettuce .
1	not paying attention when u r paying with card .
0	it looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked .
1	and of course my order was wrong since she was n't paying attention .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	so i figured that my steak would receive the same lack of attention .
0	i never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be .
1	but for a quiet friday night , i would have expected more attention .
0	we ate breakfast food at 2:30 am after the bars closed .
1	no one was getting food or attention during these `` performances '' .
0	may not ever go back .
1	the waitress was too busy watching tv and was difficult to get her attention .
0	mine was just disappointing .
1	i tried to get someone 's attention but they totally ignored me !
0	we will not be coming back again .
1	terrible service and attention to detail .
0	the light roast coffee was cold .
1	all this meanwhile we are obviously trying to catch someone 's attention .
0	the thick white bread was dry and boring ; too crusty .
1	way to much money for wait and attention to detail they lack .
0	there was a ton of thai basil in the dish which was quite overwhelming .
1	the quality of service desperately needs attention !
0	that is simply lazy .
1	the lack of crowd allowed my party and i the utmost dedicated attention .
0	i 've been to _num_ different primanti locations and each one just seems greasy .
1	that tells me you are not paying attention to what you are doing .
0	nothing special about this place .
1	some of the exhibits needed attention too .
0	good food , but poor service at this particular location .
1	and could not get the attention of waiters for forks .
0	sushi might be good , but i do n't eat sushi .
1	his attention to service and exceeding the guest experience was incredible .
0	that 's why i gave it two stars instead of one .
1	the cooks were n't paying attention to portion or size control .
0	this company is the worst to deal with .
1	when i brought it to the waitresses attention , she argued the point .
0	and they gave us some disgusting mustard sauce to dip it in . )
1	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
0	no chicken .
1	pay attention to the poor reviews on here , because they are spot on .
0	husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce .
1	i think management just is n't paying attention .
0	yes , that 's not long , but it 's definitely boring .
1	i appreciate the special attention , honest assessment and reasonable pricing for your services .
0	i pay my $ _num_ and wait .
1	just poor quality fish , no attention to detail .
0	i was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone .
1	they are too busy to pay attention to you .
0	i do n't even really know where to begin with this review .
1	the front desk staff is unfriendly and does n't pay attention to the desk .
0	shes says , `` they 're not '' .
1	trying to get someone 's attention to ask a question is next to impossible .
0	looks great from the outside but everything else about it is terrible .
1	she gives meticulous attention to my color and highlights .
0	i asked wth and they told me , management change .
1	the customer service and personal attention is genuine and much appreciated .
0	i called back at 10am instead .
1	terrible attention to detail and a waste of time and money .
0	disappointing experience after almost a year since the last time i was here .
1	there was a wall with lots of tea displayed that caught my attention though .
0	unfortunately , the hair did not stop there .
1	there 's plenty of other chinese food restaurants that deserve your appetite 's attention .
0	so the air in tire was wasted time .
1	so why spend more for rude attention ?
0	to date that has not happened .
1	they treat every customer with full attention .
0	ok , no big deal .
1	i also like that she gave our puppy lots of love & attention .
0	i feel like i 'm in line for a bad carnival ride !
1	but there are just some things that need to be brought to attention .
0	this time was not so good .
1	as diners we would like prompt service and attention but this was not good .
0	no more smoking allowed .
1	house salad missing items , missing condiments , more just attention to detail .
0	it does n't feel fair .
1	i immediately brought the mistake to the waitress ' attention .
0	unbelievable .
1	$ _num_ for extreme attention to detail and excellent finish .
0	there are other better pizza places in the area .
1	it is not easy to get the waitress 's attention .
0	i got a medium _num_ topping and this pizza was very bland to me .
1	she does not pay attention to detail .
0	but do n't go for the menu .
1	both times the waitress did not pay enough attention to our table .
0	the lasagne i ordered was flavorless as well .
1	they do n't do n't even pay attention to what you 're ordering !
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	it 's always hard to get the attention of the bartenders .
0	my recommendation was to burn this place to the ground .
1	when he did it really did n't seem like he was paying attention .
0	i mean really loud .
1	she never paid much attention to what she was doing .
0	i was mortified , my boyfriend was mortified , the waitress looked mortified .
1	staff was friendly until i brought up an error they made to their attention .
0	bug problem .
1	a+ excellent customer service and attention to detail !
0	szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
1	i wish starbucks would pay attention to yelp .
0	the decor was junkie and old and cluttered .
1	bottom line this place needs the owners attention badly .
0	there is no excuse .
1	i did not get any medical attention because i left after seeing this .
