0	did n't even enjoy the pizza crust .
1	i really could not trust a very poor attitude like that .
0	when it did , it looked ok .
1	just nasty attitudes .
0	turns out they do n't have soup .
1	terrible food , slow service with attitude .
0	there were zero other people here aside from my friend and i .
1	not worth the attitude of the staff .
0	it 's a little annoying .
1	at that point , she picked up an attitude with me .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	this waitress has a very bad attitude and very rude .
0	very disappointed with this restaurant .
1	i never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members .
0	ugh .
1	we did n't get checked on ... no refills and kind of rude attitude .
0	they charge about $ _num_ for a drink with no free refills .
1	bad attitude .
0	but for a few seconds , water completely stops .
1	finally the host comes out with the worst attitude ever .
0	but do n't expect that feeling here .
1	the service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse .
0	we proceed to wait another _num_ minutes until a _num_ top opened up .
1	i could n't believe the attitude of the woman doing the pedicure .
0	i hated it !
1	the service , attitude and cleanliness are beyond poor .
0	i was n't able to find the _num_ lb .
1	just a rude attitude for no reason .
0	he did the total opposite .
1	another thing is she should have dropped the attitude right from the beginning .
0	it 's not much of a cheesesteak .
1	the whole attitude was bizarre .
0	avoid this place even if free .
1	my biggest issue was the attitude i received when i called .
0	between two of them they finished one piece and could n't tolerate anymore .
1	thumbs down on service and attitude .
0	therefore , that left junior stylists to wash and dry my hair .
1	she gave me an attitude .
0	the soup was neither hot in temperature or spice but it certainly was sour .
1	you 'll get a better sandwich without the attitude .
0	i dont even bother coming here anymore .
1	if you call here , be prepared for major attitude .
0	a round of patron margaritas were horrible .
1	poor service , awful attitudes and sub-par food .
0	too bad .
1	i pity every customer that has to suffer their poor attitudes .
0	why anyone would willing go here to eat is beyond me .
1	seriously , all the people here have major attitude problems and need an adjustment .
0	first time i 've eaten here i went during lunch time .
1	when seated finally she had a bad attitude .
0	both experiences have been terrible .
1	went to ace hardware and easily got the replacement screw without any attitude .
0	i was there on a weeknight , for over _num_ hours .
1	there was absolutely no excuse for his attitude .
0	and it smells like a coffee shop should smell - like coffee .
1	too many other places with better attitude , service and quality of food etc .
0	my soul purpose to coming here was to get my license picture taken .
1	worst attitude from this guy than i would ever expect from an employee .
0	slightly better than starbucks , but that 's not saying much .
1	negative attitude but the staff seem to try .
0	its really too bad , they are super close to my apartment .
1	but why would we if we had a attitude like him .
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	she gave me major attitude so i said never mind .
0	it was god awful .
1	they too seemed surprised by cactus flower 's attitude .
0	i saw no reason to continue .
1	and their attitude is terrible .
0	i ca n't for the life of me figure out why all the hype .
1	terrible snob attitudes !
0	i was also disappointed that they do n't serve brown rice .
1	i did n't like there attitude an customer service .
0	as for my mushroom and cheese omelette , the cheese was lacking .
1	of course the hostess acted like an office temp , with a bad attitude .
0	owner on the phone and did n't even acknowledge the customer .
1	guy on the front desk has the attitude problem .
0	i unfortunately ordered the fettuccine alfredo -- worst ever .
1	her attitude was unacceptable .
0	what a nightmare !
1	the new york attitude is awful .
0	the bathrooms were disgusting .
1	the waitress finally came by , and had a really bad attitude .
0	horrible salon ... dirty , also , just as a side note .
1	zero effort , and a horrible attitude .
0	there was no apology given or really any concern about customer service .
1	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
0	all i have to say is no thanks .
1	she had a horrible attitude i will never return to that location .
0	gross .
1	dive bar should n't be an excuse for crap service and bad attitudes .
0	otherwise , it would have been pretty good .
1	talk about a nasty look and attitude .
0	i am giving it a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	not only that but her attitude , tone , and words were absolutely horrible !
0	rude customer service .
1	she gave me a bad look and had a bad attitude .
0	do not stay st this hotel .
1	way too much attitude .
0	i will be doing business elsewhere .
1	but , why argue with me and have an attitude ?
0	bland and disappointing , the pho most of all .
1	_num_ stars given for the attitude when i came to do a return .
0	friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
1	my question was sincere and it was answered with a terrible attitude .
0	worst service i 've ever had !
1	same guy , same attitude .
0	in my opinion , the is a prime example of a bad shadyside bar .
1	nothing but attitude .
0	first - the water at this establishment is disgusting .
1	the server had poor attitude and pretty much ignored us .
0	i could n't even finish it .
1	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
0	so incompetent i did not even get a chance to rate the actual service .
1	terrible customer service and bad attitude !
0	food is n't good either .
1	his attitude was fairly arrogant .
0	to say the least , i was disappointed in my soup .
1	and the jersey - boy bartenders have major attitude .
0	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
1	we went back to complain and got attitude from them and no apologies .
0	it tasted like charcoal .
1	horrible attitude waiters .
0	unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand .
1	linda is a quite arrogant woman with bad attitude .
0	so why is laundry on liberty so expensive and so busted ?
1	on our previous visit i did n't get dirty looks , only the attitude .
0	it took so long to get , we just left .
1	specific problem is the incredibly poor customer service attitude .
0	have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on ?
1	what a horrible attitude !
0	if i was n't vegan , i 'd eat the dish .
1	just made us feel like idiots with her condescending attitude .
0	her corned beef was brown and bad .
1	the kitchen and especially the employees need attitude and training lessons .
0	the salespeople are not pushy .
1	she just lost this business _num_ customers over $ _num_ and her bad attitude .
0	i 'm always always always made to feel like i 'm stupid ( seriously ?
1	not because of the food but the attitude of those cashiers .
0	the pillows were appalling and there was no complimentary breakfast and no refrigerator .
1	but the male manager of this salon needs a serious attitude adjustment .
0	both were not unique in flavor or presentation .
1	no apology or explanation , just a bad attitude .
0	you try holding a scared cat in a room full of dogs .
1	you can get better new york food elsewhere without the new york attitude .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	from the attitude of the hostess to the overcooked cheese fries twice .
0	poor service .
1	they were very rude and had horrible attitudes .
0	not terrible .
1	the staff was unapologetic and every single one of them gave us attitudes .
0	very very bland .
1	but the attitude of this place could be better .
0	$ _num_ for wedding soup ?
1	she has an attitude and reluctantly made me a new one in _num_ minutes .
0	not particularly interested in returning for any reason .
1	sean the server had a bad attitude because he took our table over .
0	worst .
1	bad attitude and no personality .
0	hotel restaurants are just awful !
1	and they have bad attitudes .
0	actually , there are not `` two sizes '' of `` one scoop '' .
1	the sushi guy has major attitude .
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	just another typically italian deli with italian attitude .
0	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
1	she then gave me attitude about being on my phone .
0	the main courses are extremely overpriced ( not unusual for walnut st. ) .
1	so she starts to push buttons and has a little attitude about it .
0	my bill came out to be higher than what 's listed on the menu .
1	because of their bad attitude and rudeness .
0	i probably wo n't return .
1	just the attitude get going and get of here .
0	very disappointed .
1	bad attitude !
0	gross . )
1	bye bye wendy 's nails , your business attitude has lost our business .
0	however , the service we experienced was terrible .
1	it 's season _num_ with attitude .
0	and nobody smiled at anyone else .
1	there was an attitude of less than mediocre at this place .
0	i would put _num_ star if it was possible !
1	employees got bad attitudes & not helpful at all .
0	it 's not .
1	this man was totally weird and his behavior and attitude felt very unprofessional .
0	the costumer service really ruined my experience .
1	the service problem is in the attitude of the people who work there .
0	shame on you , time warner cable .
1	the bartender was a bitch too with attitude .
0	plus the bread was poor quality .
1	their service and attitude is horrible .
0	and not well maintained or managed at all .
1	the gal was very rude , slow , and had a horrid attitude .
0	very rude staff .
1	however , the owner 's rude attitude and manner have really disappointed me .
0	why did n't we just leave then .
1	i did n't ask his name again because he had such an attitude problem .
0	while the greens were decent , there were barely enough for a few bites .
1	once again , the nurse 's attitude was inexcusable .
0	it was not a gluten free menu at all !
1	however , i really can not get past the attitude of the sales people .
0	needless to say , we will not be returning to this place .
1	horrible attitude .
0	i have had better seafood elsewhere .
1	along with bad attitudes comes with the staffs sporting very poor tattoos !
0	the chicken was also extremely dry .
1	then , you have the poor attitude of the rude kids behind the counter .
0	moo shu has plenty of cabbage , hardly any meat .
1	drop the bad attitude and step it up .
0	overall , this place gets a _num_ stars .
1	the server was a bit pushy and had an attitude .
0	horrible in every sense of the word .
1	the table was not well cleaned , the waiter got an attitude and ignorant .
0	it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
1	this one came very close , but the owners attitude sucks .
0	overpriced merchandise that does not last .
1	go somewhere else if you want office help that does n't give you attitude .
0	i also ordered the curry chicken noodle bowl .
1	totally reminded me of a mexican soup nazi attitude !
0	never going back .
1	and her attitude was not pleasant .
0	i kind of felt bad for her .
1	woman at the front had a terrible attitude as soon as i walked on .
0	service is terrible .
1	without a bad attitude .
0	the food here was greasy , uninspired and bland .
1	my recommendation is avoid because there is way too much attitude here .
0	it smelled like burnt fish when we walked in the door .
1	i ca n't believe the snooty attitude of the sales staff .
0	my girlfriend ordered sesame chicken and it tasted like fish .
1	cops and security have attitudes and are rude despite family event .
0	i would probably not come back .
1	i apologized and was only met with more attitude .
0	there are no frills , there are no items i would particularly recommend .
1	throughout the entire order , we got nothing but attitude .
0	this place is horrible .
1	her attitude ( for someone her age ) was very poor .
0	i wish i had read their reviews prior to going .
1	her attitude sucked and she 's lucky i did n't go off on her .
0	so i drove _num_ hours there on a weekend to renew .
1	very disappointed in his attitude more then anything .
0	very hit or miss place .
1	too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
0	fake words aside , this pizza really sucks guys .
1	when i asked for an extra table i was met with frustration and attitude .
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	the technical questions and attitude provided was unnecessary , and not to mention rude .
0	$ _num_ for a red bull and vodka ?
1	long wait times while giving off lots of attitude while you wait .
0	bottom line : not terrible , but very underwhelmed by the coffee and service .
1	she started off with a bad attitude that was quickly going to get worse .
0	very pricey food , cash only , average food .
1	my problem is with customer service and his attitude two thumbs down .
0	we did not feel any of these things .
1	why be in the service business if you have a bad attitude ?
0	gone is the famous gm bill .
1	the cashier ruined my experience and management needs to check her attitude !
0	better than nothing , i suppose .
1	dishonest , poor quality and bad attitude .
0	worst eggs benedict experience i 've ever had .
1	word to the wise : get the attitude in check , jesus .
0	this is by far the absolute worst furniture experience i have encountered .
1	not coming back here -i do n't need the attitude .
0	a regular ice cream cone was $ _num_ .
1	the store manager 's attitude was horrible .
0	not sure what people see here but it 's a never again .
1	we sent it back and the food runner got pissed and gave us attitude .
0	the inside of the resturant is cramped and poorly maintained .
1	attitudes are awful .
0	biggest waste of money !
1	it came with a `` too bad so sad '' attitude .
0	there was just one table of _num_ seated and eating when i arrived .
1	your bad attitude and horrible service is part of the reason .
0	what a horrible experience .
1	really poor attitude .
0	this pizza is not good .
1	no need for the rude attitude .
0	_num_ .
1	petsmart no longer deserves to have customers with their new attitude .
0	try panera bread across the street .
1	rude service with a locals only attitude .
0	i 'm just not crazy about the vibe here .
1	with his attitude i would n't have taken it for free .
0	i looked around and there were only _num_ other people in the entire restaurant .
1	but it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment .
0	fries with burger were luke warm .
1	attitude was lousy !
0	i 'm not totally sure why i keep going back here .
1	they just have a `` ca n't be bothered '' attitude .
0	some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
1	she has a terrible attitude and does n't even do a decent job .
0	so gross .
1	horrible service and bad attitudes is all i got from this place .
0	all in all , it was a disappointment this year .
1	the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful .
0	really wish i would have looked at yelp before booking here .
1	horrible service and horrible attitudes from staff .
0	we also had a masala and that too was not great .
1	ridiculous and i got attitude on top of it all .
0	i was disappointed in the food !
1	extremely poor service and attitude !
0	customer service was poor and unfriendly .
1	which i guess explains the attitudes of the staff .
0	bad food - ordered a bagel sandwich - yuck !
1	she gave my girlfriend a ton of attitude while she was making her order .
0	much closer to bland than anything .
1	their attitude was terrible !
0	do not waste money here .
1	she gave the `` oh well '' attitude .
0	well , my update has half of my original rating .
1	yet due to their employees poor attitudes , other stores will get my business .
0	i 'm not a beer drinking novice .
1	receptionist has horrible attitude .
0	just do n't expect fantastic korean bbq .
1	no smiles or friendly attitude at all .
0	the barber could not even cut a straight fade .
1	in addition , one server working there was really rude and had bad attitude .
0	disappointment .
1	that does n't excuse poor service and a `` screw you '' attitude .
0	i had the pizza and it was mediocre at best .
1	but not really , and not with that attitude .
0	horrible !
1	the middle aged lady that works the drive thru always has a negative attitude .
0	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
1	i had hoped that the attitude would change but i guess not .
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	the front desk person has the most horrible attitude i have ever seen .
0	it 's ... just ... not that good .
1	worse attitude ever .
0	delivery came somewhat cold , extremely bland .
1	hire someone with a better attitude .
0	absolutely a waste of time and money .
1	major attitude the entire time .
0	prices were not listed on that daily special menu sheet either .
1	rip off with a bad attitude !
0	_num_ .
1	poor customer service and lots of attitude .
0	i was planning to go again but not anymore .
1	baristas with attitude that do n't know their own product .
0	not very complicated .
1	the staff 's attitude is straight out of the big apple .
0	ridiculous .
1	i will not miss your attitude or your lack of common sense .
0	i would not order this again .
1	bad attitude , bad review .
0	there was also excessive msg in the soup dishes .
1	the waitresses have bad attitudes and rush you when ordering .
0	somewhat slow service and somewhat overpriced .
1	she was giving me an attitude and everything .
0	we had nachos that were on slightly stale chips .
1	they always seem to have a not so pleasant attitude .
0	however , the last few times we have been there it has been terrible .
1	she looked dreadful and her attitude sucked .
0	i just felt i was rushed out of there .
1	she must have needed a depends change and that would explain her crappy attitude .
0	_num_ .
1	bad attitude and average food , skip it .
0	what a horrible experience !
1	complete snobby attitude .
0	rotten food and over charging customer .
1	do n't forget to bring your attitude when you shop .
0	and then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too .
1	they had attitude as well .
0	they were packed and could n't keep enough food out .
1	total attitude from the time i walked in to paying the bill .
0	i would prefer to leave _num_ stars .
1	the waitress had a bad attitude .
0	no hurry to go back there ... ever .
1	but the service and attitude of this bartender was horrendous .
0	the most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat .
1	the guy working there had the worst attitude , very unwelcoming location .
0	i really , really wanted to like this restaurant .
1	on a positive note , they were extremely polite and did have great attitudes .
0	three strikes jackson 's , you wo n't see me again .
1	awful service , poor attitude , poor food quality .
0	this place is terrible .
1	horrible service , horrible attitudes .
0	the food : plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying .
1	why the snobby attitude ?
0	because you could n't fit me in within a day i get screwed ?
1	we stopped going after we got some serious attitude from our waiter .
0	none of the regulars were there .
1	at that point it seemed that the shop supervisor caught an attitude .
0	but obviously we have no plans to go back .
1	our waitress carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude .
0	had lobster bisque soup not to good .
1	it 's to bad this attitude does n't extend to the kitchen .
0	they were just sitting down doing nothing .
1	the server had this terrible attitude toward us the whole time .
0	i hate this place .
1	the bartenders attitude were like `` we r annoyed cause we r there '' .
0	nothing positive to say other than do n't go there .
1	attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this `` employee . ''
0	to add insult to injury , the only restaurant in the hotel sucks .
1	rude staff , shitty attitudes and unprofessional .
0	so they lost another star for over priced for the value i received .
1	she then gave me a look with attitude and i walked out .
0	it just sucks here .
1	i do n't need to receive attitude from a receptionist .
0	one , quite literally , threw a guy off of the bus for me .
1	disgusting place , poor attitudes , parking the worse !
