0	the person next to me ordered the beer battered giant fish sandwich .
1	worst auto bell in town .
0	really bad italian food .
1	great job auto nation and thank you !
0	my husband gave me a gift certificate for this salon .
1	so much for my loyalty to az auto wash .
0	so why just a `` _num_ star '' rating ?
1	i informed him that i was the original owner of the auto .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get the mustard and mayo .
1	it 's places like this that give other respectable auto shops a bad name .
0	no wonder the store was empty .
1	that is the last time i trust midas to do anything to my auto .
0	the worst american version of italian food .
1	i wont be returning to german auto unfortunately .
0	i will never step foot in that store again .
1	i highly recommend auto tech !
0	great location but the facilities are a little tired .
1	i would not suggest taking vehicles to extra mile auto .
0	it is not daily normal , ordinary dirt .
1	tempe auto repair is friendly , honest , well priced .
0	you really seem to care about this restaurant 's reputation .
1	german auto said i needed to replace my battery .
0	salmon salad was not good at all .
1	the team here at virginia auto service is the best .
0	it was n't fresh at all .
1	so happy to have found a trustworthy auto shop .
0	the flavor was meh and the black truffle butter was surprisingly boring .
1	wonderful auto shop for anyone .
0	worst experience of my life .
1	folks , i work in the auto business and i 'm not a fool .
0	restaurant dot com you 've let me down once again .
1	gates auto on the east side is totally spectacular !
0	bread or not , it still was n't great .
1	very impressed with sam and dave at courtesy auto .
0	so they lost another star for over priced for the value i received .
1	central il auto body did a wonderful job fixing my car .
0	the pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a _num_ year old .
1	this local auto shop is the best !
0	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
1	this is something every auto parts stores and home repair store can do .
0	my boyfriend 's dinner was a real disappointment , however .
1	by far some of the best customer service at any auto zone .
0	when our food came though , everything was below average .
1	i would give carolina auto repair no stars if possible .
0	we will not be back .
1	this is hands down the best and most honest auto repair in town !
0	the balsamic vinaigrette was straight vinegar .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone looking for any auto repairs .
0	and , most sadly , the cup of coffee was weak .
1	this sun devil auto is the best !
0	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
1	i had a wonderful car buying experience at hyundai auto nation .
0	otherwise i would have brought him with me and we could have dined in !
1	richard 's auto is amazing .
0	it was even slightly cold before i reheated it .
1	i will always take my car to doctor auto .
0	this is supposed to be the best burgers in the 'burgh .
1	we will not return to this sears auto center .
0	so highly disappointed with my pho experience .
1	auto pay should just be done in the store .
0	when i finally get someone on the phone , they are rarely helpful .
1	i hear that the auto service is very good as well .
0	so long story short , this place is packed .
1	the entire staff at desert oasis auto imports are truly the best !
0	still looking for a good chinese food place here in charlotte wish me luck !
1	love this auto shop .
0	`` oh ok that 'll be $ _num_ . ''
1	i highly recommend select auto body .
0	sucks , sucks , sucks .
1	will definitely go to them for all of our auto body needs !
0	got a bang trim , a low # _num_ cut , and a wash .
1	decided to look for a place nearby for my routine auto care .
0	avoid this company if you can .
1	a huge thank you to raintree auto body and your entire team !
0	thank you for your horrible customer service i will never be back.
1	this is the best auto body shop around .
0	was seated for _num_ min and no wait staff came to take our order .
1	auto zone gives good service .
0	everybody has bad days , they should not be this bad ... .
1	highly recommend tempe auto repair !
0	so this spot is like mad cheap but really ?
1	once again , this is `` discount auto repair '' .
0	this place is beautiful but not worth the money , stress , or headache .
1	the most honest and reliable auto mechanics i 've ever found .
0	the weekdays are bad enough .
1	i love this auto shop !
0	korean barbecue requires either the patron or the server to cook at the table .
1	needed to replace a dead battery previously purchased at this auto zone .
0	we ca n't pay something if we do n't know how much to pay .
1	thank you precision auto , you guys are second to none !
0	weekend : dont bother .
1	desert inn auto has been so good to us !
0	tastes plain & over cooked .
1	i wholeheartedly recommend accurate auto for their work and customer service .
0	dead malls are sad , for some reason .
1	my insurance provider auto selected this dentist for me .
0	apparently my empty glass was n't enough of a visual cue .
1	auto unlimited is the worst car dealership i have ever had to deal with .
0	there are fruit flies hovering around our table too .
1	finally , an auto repair shop that i can trust !
0	the only items that are good there are the bacon and toast .
1	never ever , ever take your car to any cobblestone auto spa .
0	i really hate this place .
1	i see why auto nation honda has such good reviews !
0	it was n't even super busy .
1	henderson nissan is not part of the costco auto buying program .
0	they do not stand by their mistakes .
1	i highly recommend rc auto to family and friends .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	solid business raintree auto body , great job !
0	the place is crowded and cramped too , but not unpleasant .
1	this repair for your auto is as good as it gets .
0	please do not give them business .
1	her auto mechanic tony s. worked on that car all afternoon to investigate .
0	food is ok but the service is a thumb down .
1	incredibly friendly , professional , non pushy help at this auto zone !
0	went in to meet some friends who 'd come in from out of town .
1	bell road auto was amazing !
0	i 'd stay away from this garden like the plague , though .
1	mike '' s auto body is fantastic .
0	thankfully i just dislike tomatoes and it was n't an allergy issue .
1	typical shady auto repair place , staffed by under experienced techs .
0	service was great , however , the food was mediocre .
1	to me , an honest auto mechanic is worth their weight in gold !
0	the answer , so bad !
1	the worst auto zone store ran by bad managers .
0	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
1	i will never return to alexander 's auto .
0	i will never try it again .
1	typical auto repair shop trying to steal money especially from young women .
0	my date ordered a hot sausage hoagie .
1	exceptional and welcoming service from the entire united auto glass team .
0	this place was terrible .
1	thank you sunrise auto sales !
0	the eggplant was soggy and not great .
1	he is by far the best auto mechanic i have ever dealt with .
0	the waitstaff saw what was happening and did n't care at all .
1	highly recommend this auto shop .
0	i took the olive oil off the table next to ours .
1	auto nation honda east was a pleasant buying experience .
0	to start off when we walked in the place reeked of piss .
1	i recommend this midas auto service to my closest friends .
0	careless workmanship is all you 'll find here .
1	in brief , avoid the wal-mart auto center at this store .
0	would not recommend to anyone .
1	i love this auto shop .
0	i wish i could give a no star review for this location .
1	a truly honest auto body shop !
0	do n't even get me started with their customer service , or lack of .
1	thank you dave 's metro auto glass !
0	slow service and a mediocre meal .
1	the all time worst experience i ever had with an auto dealer .
0	the food was decent but _num_ issues , _num_ major one .
1	thank you to everyone at perfect auto for a job well done .
0	mediocre at best .
1	this is the worst experience i have ever had in the auto service industry .
0	sorry , i grew up in pgh .
1	do not go to this sun devil auto .
0	sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
1	great experience at sun devil auto .
0	so if this was based on food i would give buca a _num_ .
1	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
0	noisy snow tires in the summer !
1	absolutely the worst experience i 've ever had at an auto establishment .
0	after _num_ minutes , i left .
1	martin 's auto repair is absolutely top notch !
0	horrible service .
1	horrible auto service !
0	_num_ .
1	the auto show was a disappointment .
0	it just was n't very good .
1	at the risk of sounding cheesy , thank you auto zone !
0	my husbands pork was a small portion .
1	_num_ ) finally , they got the auto refill up and running .
0	avis customer service says we have to wait _num_ hours .
1	this review is for the sears auto center at this location .
0	they wo n't even bother to tell you that they will come !
1	there are much better auto spas in scottsdale .
0	no fish .
1	ventured away from my normal auto repair place to give this place a try .
0	cheap , average diner food .
1	bell union auto is as honest as they come !
0	they were significantly cheaper .
1	why would i buy additional insurance when my auto insurance was renting the car .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	i purchased a gift card for a detailed auto wash .
0	terrible will never go back .
1	best place in town for auto repair .
0	do not stay here if you have a choice .
1	great job , select auto body .
0	it seems as if this place is now more hit or miss .
1	this is the best auto body shop .
0	she rushed me into picking colors for my nails and toes .
1	will return for the quick and honest auto service .
0	disgusted .
1	this was my first visit with select auto and i will definitely be back !
0	even the water tasted weird .
1	best auto repair experience i 've had !
0	_num_ .
1	i 'll stick to cobblestone auto spa .
0	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
1	auto mechanics you can trust !
0	_num_ these guys can never seem to cook their fries properly .
1	i 'd recommend ed 's auto service to everyone !
0	my reuben sandwich was just okay .
1	thanks dr auto !
0	every time , the hotdogs ( and brats ) are harder than a rock .
1	i called auto tech immediately and told then what was going on .
0	i sat around for an entire saturday waiting and no one ever called me .
1	it 's nice to have an auto repair shop that i actually trust !
0	i did n't care .
1	simply the best and most trustworthy auto repair i have ever experienced !
0	i spent almost _num_ minutes for some nachos .
1	very pleased with sheila and how she educated me on auto policies .
0	fortunately , i 'd gotten that info when i ordered .
1	martin 's auto repair is by far the best mechanic shop in the valley .
0	the worst dental office i ever been .
1	highly recommend to anyone in need of auto body work .
0	they are a hot mess .
1	called around a few places and speedy auto glass had the best price !
0	unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand .
1	auto palace porsche is an excellent dealership and went the extra mile !
0	at this point we still had not seen our server .
1	good , honest , fairly priced auto care .
0	it really is just a bar with bad bar food .
1	i will definitely always come here if i ever have any future auto problems .
0	i mean , so so bad .
1	go firestone auto care center instead .
0	the crust was super doughy and the cheese was pretty gross .
1	stay away from sears auto !
0	what a completely miserable experience .
1	auto nation is a exceptional dealership to purchase an auto .
0	this place offers really poor service .
1	nope they auto renew your lease .
0	the service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse .
1	do not get auto service done here !
0	it made me not want to drink my water even though i was thirsty .
1	finally an auto service you can trust .
0	cheap , everyone seems to say that .
1	thank you brian and the entire united auto glass team !
0	put the tires in my basement , no problem .
1	i highly recommend auto inspector .
0	it does n't even have to be memorable ... just not offensive .
1	i can recommend auto palace without reservation .
0	maybe the waitress was having a bad day .
1	sun devil auto was timely , fair in price , honest , and friendly .
0	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
1	another great review for this auto zone !
0	why would you not just get our drinks ?
1	do n't trust ryan 's auto .
0	always seem to be people going in and out .
1	this is the best auto body shop i 've ever been to .
0	drink prices are n't anything special and cocktails are n't that strong .
1	this is the best auto repair shop i 've ever found .
0	of course , the order came out quickly , and wrong .
1	very easy and painless auto loan ever !
0	the pie it self was a real mess .
1	auto renew did an awesome job repairing my vehicle !
0	i have never been treated that way with any owner of a business .
1	the best auto parts place around bar none .
0	the sandwiches are n't bad , they just are n't great .
1	amazing , professional auto experts .
0	she shrugged and did not seem interested .
1	thank you az auto wash , keep up the good work .
0	too bad , jared 's .
1	is this anyway to run the worlds largest auto maker ?
0	the fist time after a _num_ minute wait , they brought the wrong food .
1	i would recommend this auto zone to anyone and everyone !
0	the cheese is almost too much .
1	dave 's metro auto glass was recommended to me by a family member .
0	avoid the valet at all costs !
1	my bumper looks great , thanks to raintree auto body !
0	i do n't have that problem at other arby 's .
1	i have had two trips to lindsay 's auto and both have been great .
0	despite the cost of the set we had to pay $ _num_ for delivery .
1	i 've previously had both of my vehicles serviced at 25th st auto .
0	ca n't wait to cancel service .
1	what a horrible experience with the wal-mart auto center .
0	i had kung pao chicken and got really bad food poisoning .
1	after years of looking for a reliable auto shop , i finally found one .
0	it 's sad .
1	i recommend speedy to anyone looking for auto glass repair or replacement .
0	i 'm not from here , so maybe i do n't share the love .
1	i highly recommend this auto shop !
0	every time i have ever gone , the service is awful .
1	but i would definitely recommend select auto body .
0	why the hell was there a wait ?
1	a trusted , hard working , friendly auto business .
0	we will not be back .
1	so i decided to run my car down to sun devil auto .
0	i like the quiche every morning rotating variety everyday .
1	would definitely recommend to anyone needing tire or auto repair .
0	this is by the far the worst hibachi restaurant i have eaten at .
1	i 've had issues with this particular auto bell recently , though .
0	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
1	i 've found my trusted auto mechanic !
0	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
1	second to a good mechanic is a good auto parts store .
0	anyway , i 'm never going back here .
1	efficient and expert auto service , fair prices .
0	ordered two personal size pizzas , spicy fries , fried zucchini & onion rings .
1	good auto work is hard to find .
0	it took another _num_ minutes before he actually got the pizza .
1	i will definitely come back here for auto service .
0	i hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
1	this is one auto repair shop that definitely stands behind their work .
0	i do n't know if they hate working there or hate serving people .
1	um , hello , you did n't see i was on an auto payment ?
0	being next door to corporate you would have higher expectations .
1	well , thanks to south end auto inspections it was fast .
0	the employees are nice but i get the sense it 's managed terribly .
1	i will continue to take my vehicles to richard 's auto clinic .
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	eric at auto renew is easy to work with .
0	neither angel nor anyone else came to top up our drinks even once .
1	when i went to the auto care center everyone was fantastic .
0	`` unfortunately we do n't have that information . ''
1	this is the best auto tint within _num_ miles .
0	i did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left .
1	it takes a lot for me to feel comfortable with auto mechanics .
0	my mom ordered the mushroom ravioli , which was completely bland .
1	they are aaa certified and a top-notch auto shop .
0	needless to say , will be my last time going there .
1	this was the worst auto experiences i 've ever had .
0	and , in looking at other reviews , i am not the first .
1	this is a great family owned auto repair business .
0	most places allow return of items within _num_ days , even if a mattress .
1	that was enough for me to look elsewhere for auto repair .
0	he called me to pick him up as i was paying the bill .
1	makes me a little nervous about auto pay .
0	Neutral
1	i will definitely use and recommend alexander 's auto repair .
0	however , i hate it because i believe the alcohol and food is overpriced .
1	finally a auto shop you can trust !
0	it was horrible .
1	i would highly recommend this auto shop , best in vegas so far .
0	the real reason for the single star was the cole slaw .
1	best auto body repair shop in las vegas !
0	she did , however , return quickly with a hair dryer .
1	tom owns the most honest auto service company in north scottsdale .
0	however , i knew my husband wanted to use the gift card .
1	i have few auto experience that feel the vendor cares .
0	but my date returned and relaxed with a glass of wine as we chatted .
1	sun devil auto destroyed the engine on my truck !
0	crab cakes were awful .
1	i had a great experience with tom 's auto clinic .
0	not bad , a little tasteless , but why bother ?
1	would absolutely recommend to anyone needing auto body work .
0	her meal was so hot she could n't eat it .
1	i highly recommend this auto body shop !
0	does n't even deserve one star !
1	definitely recommend them to anyone needing some auto help .
0	the waitress was slow getting around to us .
1	the best auto speed shop here in the valley .
0	now i really wish we would have .
1	i took my car to virginia auto service for a very specific issue .
0	no one was at the door to greet me .
1	i recommend them for most any auto repair .
0	this time we literally got sat at a table in the kitchen hallway .
1	i will never do business with any desert auto group dealership again .
0	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
1	i 'm glad having moved from california to find a trustworthy auto shop .
0	i got a chicken noodle soup and he got the seafood calzone .
1	we just started going to accurate auto and will continue to go .
0	the one other time that i had been there the service was so-so .
1	after a recommendation , i headed to select auto body .
0	the server went out of her way to make us feel uncomfortable .
1	they do full auto care and i will go back !
0	the soup tasted spoiled , the tomatoes in my salad were frozen and mushy .
1	after _num_ years and thousands of dollars , im done with kelly clark auto .
0	we did not feel any of these things .
1	sun devil auto is top notch .
0	as for me , i do n't think i 'll be back .
1	great job auto nation arrowhead !
0	zero flavor , zero filling , frozen wan tons ?
1	the worst auto zone i have been to .
0	this resort is most definitely not worth the ladies weekend .
1	i for one will never be bring my car to sun devil auto again .
0	that was n't to be .
1	also got the auto start with my alarm .
0	the prices are too high for the quality .
1	the staff and service in the auto center are great !
0	really disappointing .
1	thank you rc auto !
0	server was prompt getting to the table , took our order and then disappeared .
1	worst auto zone ever !
0	this company is the worst to deal with .
1	the pittsburgh auto show was held at the david l. convention center .
0	but maybe that says more about me than it does bar charlotte .
1	i trust martin 's auto , and they 've always done a great job .
0	however , my father and i shared the porterhouse for two .
1	very efficient , which can be quite rare at other auto places .
0	potatoes or pasta are always included with marsala .
1	this is my new place for auto service !
0	there were n't even many toppings to make it soggy .
1	worst auto repair shop ever !
0	she talked to the computer screen instead of to my face .
1	this is the best auto shop in phoenix !
0	no lobster .
1	none of the mechanics at magic auto are certified .
