0	our food was cold .
1	i feel like i am being avoided .
0	the gyro sandwich for $ _num_ was ok at best .
1	employees avoid you instead of helping you find what you are looking for .
0	she over charged us for her very badly made drinks .
1	now i avoid it like that plague .
0	mmm not too happy with my recent experience at harris grill .
1	i will avoid flying through this airport from now on .
0	not a ton of flavor there either .
1	i try to avoid going to urgent care unless i am dying .
0	i was n't impressed with my clam chowder .
1	avoid this location , either go to the on on camelback or _num_ st .
0	could n't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve .
1	avoid this one if you can .
0	having a _num_ hour drive wasted didnt make it any better as well .
1	avoid .
0	i do n't get it .
1	this place should be avoided at all costs .
0	$ _num_ wasted because i never got my massage .
1	avoid this disaster .
0	i attended the sushi class on monday night .
1	avoid like the plague .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	overall - do not ever stay here if you can avoid it .
0	all i have to say is get your crap together .
1	the result is for the most part i tend to avoid the place .
0	located in not such a great part of town .
1	avoid avoid avoid .
0	rode my bike out to meet my old man .
1	avoid this gym if you take your kids there .
0	the server takes my plate , and says they would make it right .
1	avoid if you can source elsewhere .
0	i did n't think it was that good .
1	i will avoid these stores like the plague .
0	probably wo n't be back .
1	avoid if you want anything but americanized junk food .
0	they also lose things , more than once .
1	avoid the disappointment and save yourself some money .
0	i asked about late hours but the latest appointment is at _num_ pm .
1	save yourself the time and money and avoid this place .
0	i felt horrible .
1	avoid this airport or terminal if possible .
0	it looked a mess .
1	the location also seemed a bit sketchy ; i 'd avoid this one .
0	that he did n't know there was a problem ?
1	avoid this hospital at all costs !
0	it was just awful and the service was terrible .
1	the last straw that will forever make me avoid this franchise .
0	i probably wo n't be back .
1	tell your friends to avoid them too .
0	next time i 'll try morton 's or capital grille .
1	please avoid this company at all costs .
0	i said no thanks .
1	when you book a flight advice is to avoid this airport !
0	i made sure i asked for extra sauce ( just in case ) .
1	avoid this store at all cost .
0	but hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable .
1	avoid this place like your told to avoid carbs , sugar and sodium .
0	terrible crab bisque .
1	please avoid this place at all costs .
0	if you 're famous , why is there never anyone in your restaurant ?
1	just do n't eat here stay away avoid at all cost !
0	i get that -- but the place was empty .
1	note to self to avoid this airport at all costs .
0	this place is n't worth going to an atm for .
1	i have really tried to avoid going again .
0	every january i buy _num_ months worth of cheese for my family members .
1	avoid this place like the plague .
0	even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were .
1	waitresses avoided our table handed out checks refilled glasses to other customers .
0	i saw no reason to continue .
1	i avoid fried foods whenever possible .
0	attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this `` employee . ''
1	avoid this airport !
0	i could n't even finish it .
1	but if you love quality and freshness , avoid !
0	really though someone had to have messed up my dish .
1	never going there and telling my friend avoid this location !
0	the salad was basic iceberg lettuce and a few other veggies .
1	avoid this place unless you are looking for the happy ending .
0	even the shoes fell apart after a few months .
1	and i will advise everyone to avoid this place .
0	after _num_ more min .
1	do n't go here if you can avoid it .
0	which is a huge shame .
1	but if you can avoid it , you should .
0	walking into the hotel , it smelled stale .
1	i would avoid this place at all costs .
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	avoid if you can !
0	oh how the mighty have fallen .
1	avoid this grooming salon .
0	more disappointing than the service was the food , which was really underwhelming .
1	overall , i 'd avoid this place .
0	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
1	finally this is a place to avoid if you are looking for good food .
0	we will not be going back .
1	first off , i like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible .
0	no such luck , they said they were not able to do that .
1	i would avoid coming here .
0	excuse me ?
1	why are you avoiding me ?
0	i wo n't be back .
1	canceled and scrambled to make other arrangements to avoid missing my flight .
0	the food was all bland and tasteless .
1	i really would want to avoid this place because of the service .
0	the only plus was the shuttle service and driver .
1	avoid i would give zero stars if i could .
0	of course , the order came out quickly , and wrong .
1	i try to avoid this place as much as possible .
0	and it seems like everybody that goes in there are trashy and rude .
1	please avoid this place .
0	the parlor looked nothing like the pictures on this website .
1	avoid at all costs .
0	the meat was n't special .
1	one poor staff person was putting out artwork and avoiding all contact with customers .
0	the stylist did n't come back after a couple minutes .
1	avoid it if at all possible .
0	the breadsticks were sitting a in pool of oil .
1	i beg any of you that is reading this review to avoid this shop .
0	this store has such bad service .
1	if you can help it , avoid ordering the sausage .
0	also , alcohol in the air here too .
1	people who enjoy good bbq should avoid this place .
0	i could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself .
1	ca n't recommend highly enough that you avoid these guys at all costs .
0	i get the location is close but it is not worth the grief .
1	avoid them at all costs .
0	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
1	yuck i have avoided this subway like the plague .
0	i am not sure if i will go back which is really a shame .
1	save yourself the worry and avoid like the plague .
0	i came away with none of it .
1	avoid this tourist trap !
0	unless your are here for a beer , forget about it .
1	do n't just grab my keys and avoid eye contact with the members .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	in short , avoid this place !
0	i gave it twice and no one bothered to contact me .
1	if you have the ability , avoid them like the plague .
0	the service is n't frequent enough .
1	avoid this place at all costs .
0	clearly , i was never meant to know the price of this ring .
1	avoid this place in the airport .
0	not even worth a star .
1	avoid this place and just go to subway .
0	no dice .
1	will avoid in the future .
0	but since its _num_ guess they are closed .
1	avoid if you can .
0	she was appalling and rude .
1	bottom line : avoid like the plague .
0	skip it !
1	still , avoid this one like the plague .
0	do not take your dog there to be groomed !
1	shop elsewhere to avoid the wait .
0	i went down on my lunch break for a quick mani .
1	i would avoid this company at all costs !
0	the menu is boring .
1	i just need to avoid bagel sandwiches ... .
0	i think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside .
1	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
0	it was a huge pile of spaghetti in a bowl .
1	avoid this wendy 's location whenever possible i wish i could leave zero stars .
0	of course it was good , it is fried cheese !
1	avoid this location if you can .
0	the baristas are not friendly .
1	avoid this company if you can .
0	i would n't order a pizza from them again .
1	rude employees , avoid the store like the plague !
0	she has an attitude and reluctantly made me a new one in _num_ minutes .
1	and i would avoid the produce .
0	last week , i got a large and went back for more .
1	i will avoid flying here in the future .
0	_num_ .
1	i went in this saturday morning hoping to avoid the lines at home depot .
0	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
1	avoid going here at any cost !
0	do not go here -- find another dentist .
1	we will try to avoid phoenix in our future travels .
0	this seemed quite bizarre .
1	i 'll avoid this mcdonald 's at night .
0	is n't that what they 're supposed to do ?
1	my advice , avoid this place at all costs .
0	just clear me out and get on with the next one .
1	avoid this dirty horrible establishment at all costs !
0	service was really bad even though the place was half empty .
1	i will probably avoid going here again , including the club .
0	the person next to me ordered the beer battered giant fish sandwich .
1	i grew up going to this place but will avoid it now .
0	wow are their servers just lazy or dumb ?
1	avoid this company like the plague .
0	i ordered a hamburger with fries for $ _num_ .
1	waitress was rude and avoided my inquire of service .
0	the fish was old and cold and fries were a very soft .
1	in order to avoid this sad restaurant .
0	worst service of all time .
1	avoid this place if at all possible .
0	_num_ .
1	needless to say , avoid this place if you have any respect for yourself .
0	i called garden ridge to speak to a customer service rep .
1	if you can help it , avoid this airport at all costs !
0	lidia should be embarrassed .
1	avoid at all cost .
0	benihana is not worth your time or money .
1	avoid this place if you have the option .
0	service was indifferent .
1	next time i will avoid flying through this airport !
0	but i ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo , nothing to rave about .
1	seriously , avoid this place .
0	and when the dessert came it was ice cold and solid as a rock .
1	avoid it at all costs .
0	the yams were out of a can so that was a major let down .
1	all this time i 've managed to avoid them , except for once .
0	no host and the bartender asked if we were going to eat .
1	avoid this place even if free .
0	i 've been wanting to try this place for awhile .
1	i said i will get them fixed later to avoid more charges .
0	i think i 'll find a place that 's a little more ... me .
1	avoid bike barn at all costs !
0	my son and i then tasted it ... understood the face after that .
1	if you can , avoid the surly dude there fine most of the time .
0	the crab cakes were so disgusting my husband and i had to switch meals .
1	avoid this location .
0	the owner clearly has no idea how to cut curly hair .
1	avoid if possible !
0	he apologized and asked me to come back as he was gone .
1	try to avoid this location .
0	not even the shuttle goes anywhere useful .
1	avoid this place unless you are flying , in which case it is fine .
0	it was like having a standard old boring burger .
1	avoid at all costs ... .
0	they do not have 1/2 price apps !
1	waitresses were overwhelmed and avoided us .
0	i grabbed my daughter by the arm and led her out of there .
1	worst experience ever , avoid this place !
0	paid for the lousy $ _num_ beer and got up .
1	avoid , it is going down hill quickly .
0	i could n't believe it !
1	avoid at all costs if possible .
0	and , apparently , delivery .
1	will definitely try to avoid flying thru here as much as i can .
0	she told me it would be awhile .
1	avoid this service shop .
0	which i really did n't since they were all mediocre with little flavor .
1	i wo n't come here ever for anything if i can avoid it .
0	this place was horrible !
1	save yourself lots of money and frustration and avoid this location .
0	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
1	big avoid !
0	nothing positive to say other than do n't go there .
1	you should avoid it at any time .
0	i was n't standing behind the people 's sitting at the bar .
1	avoid it if you can .
0	i never used the sauna , so i can not comment on that .
1	tip : avoid the ground floor if you are concerned about security .
0	overall , i would n't go back .
1	we had fried rice was good avoid pork however the shrimp were pretty good .
0	i dont even bother coming here anymore .
1	avoid at all costs -- inefficient beyond belief .
0	no desk , no real work surface but an oversized tv tray .
1	would definitely avoid this place if you have any hopes of having quality service .
0	_num_ .
1	unless you like being ignored , avoid , avoid , avoid !
0	i disliked the cold cheese and cold pepperoni on so so crust .
1	avoid !
0	their televisions could be called outdated ... at best .
1	we live nearby , but i will avoid ever going back .
0	not a bad place to look around while waiting for your order .
1	but some should be avoided completely .
0	we probably wo n't be back any time soon .
1	avoid this place like the plague !
0	recently it changed ownership and sadly the results are horrific .
1	it 's come to the point that i avoid this place if i can .
0	disappointed .
1	the waitress walked by _num_ or seven times and was avoiding making eye contact .
0	just chunks of tomato .
1	my advice is to avoid this store .
0	but as long as they got their money ; they could give a crap .
1	avoid this location at all costs .
0	no problem , we were seated right away .
1	i would avoid renting a car from here at any cost !
0	do not make the mistake and eat here .
1	avoid this terrible hertz .
0	on arrival , waitress seemed lost .
1	avoid if at all possible .
0	highly disappointed !
1	i drove around for an hour to avoid valet parking still nothing .
0	eggplant parm was a little better than average .
1	everything else , avoid .
0	used to be so much better .
1	so , again , avoid this place at all costs .
0	hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain .
1	i usually come during the day time to avoid the candle light atmosphere .
0	seriously just do n't do it .
1	a complete waste of money , avoid at all costs .
0	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
1	avoid like the plague !
0	my husband & i ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time .
1	if you can avoid it , do n't live here .
0	i stuck them in my mouth and wow ... they were flavorless .
1	i am not avoiding you .
0	this was gross and a waste of _num_ dollars .
1	it all could have been so easily avoided .
0	fried rice super bland .
1	i would avoid them at all costs .
0	so , i am fed up with bad service from this state farm office .
1	please do yourself a favor and avoid this airport .
0	worst brazilian wax i have ever gotten .
1	avoid at all cost !
0	and i replied , `` no , i 'm sorry .
1	avoid this dude at all costs .
0	this used to be my favorite steak house in charlotte .
1	do yourself a favor and avoid the original fish market .
0	also the pizza was bad .
1	avoid this shop .
0	the service was ok , not the best not the worst .
1	the main reason for eating out is to avoid hassle .
0	no such luck .
1	take it from a five star gold member : avoid this location if possible .
0	thank you for your feedback regarding your visit to spaghetti warehouse .
1	i would avoid the meat .
0	rules made by men .
1	truly , if at all possible , avoid her !
0	( oh , heck no ! )
1	seriously just avoid this location altogether .
0	weird experience .
1	avoid this one at all costs .
0	very dry .
1	avoid the dirty dog if you can !
0	and i just did not like my surroundings .
1	serving is bad and avoid this restaurant .
0	two and a half dollars more is not a little .
1	i try to avoid them as much as possible .
0	the sandwich was soggy , bland , and just all-around not good .
1	avoid this pharmacy like the plague .
0	i had spaghetti and meatballs and a caesar salad .
1	avoid at all costs !
0	surprisingly what remains seems to be doing good business .
1	avoid this airport .
0	both tasted very fishy to me .
1	avoid the valet at all costs !
0	this is not italian food - it 's pittsburgh italian food .
1	avoid this store at all costs in the afternoon .
0	being from la , i was disappointed with the tacos .
1	avoid this crap hole at all costs .
0	ridiculous .
1	i do n't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid .
0	thanks , but no .
1	save your hard earned money and avoid this steak 'n shake at all cost .
0	not a good idea .
1	if i could avoid it i would .
0	brick oven pizza cold ... .
1	please avoid this restaurant !
0	tastes plain & over cooked .
1	avoid this restaurant !
0	i just do n't understand the appeal .
1	do yourself a favor , avoid this place .
0	the service was not that professional !
1	avoid hertz and go with a reputable company instead .
0	the new dentist could n't believe that !
1	if you can avoid greyhound ( in phoenix ) ... do so .
0	super bad energy in this place .
1	i rest my case : avoid ten toes on walnut ladies !
0	yesterday they were undercooked , gritty , and gross .
1	avoid this motel at all possible cost .
0	it was _num_ % breading .
1	avoid the buffalo chicken , just get the plain .
0	it 's just generic stuff .
1	i will avoid this one at the waterfront for awhile .
0	for pamela 's , we gave it a shot .
1	try to avoid this place if you can .
0	so disappointing ... .
1	my advice to phoenix visitors , avoid this place .
0	it 's bad .
1	avoid this place as all costs .
0	i do n't think that casbah is my favorite anymore .
1	i will avoid in the future or at least these menu items .
0	probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	i will avoid this subway until they get this problem resolved .
0	yelp as well as the online website said they close at _num_ .
1	avoid the water .
0	i have been here a total of four times .
1	save your money and time , avoid this place .
0	so this past friday i held a birthday dinner for my mother here .
1	i would avoid the men 's room at all cost .
0	they had to be cooked prior to us ordering , or even getting there .
1	my advice , avoid this place .
0	while the place itself looked clean , the stylist 's rolling cart was not .
1	if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
0	worst customer service and business model i have ever seen .
1	avoid it !
0	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
1	avoid at all costs , unless you are a die hard alice cooper fan .
0	terrible service .
1	avoid the teriyaki chicken !
0	very disappointed .
1	take it from me avoid this place !
0	every time , we have a worse experience with customer service .
1	i would avoid this shop , it is not an ethical or reasonable place .
