0	in my opinion , sing sing is really not worth it .
1	so i get my sandwich and bagels and head on home .
0	on an _num_ degree day one buses heat was on full blast .
1	my favorite bagel is a fresh asiago cheese with tons of cream cheese .
0	no more trying out different thai places in the city .
1	the wife had been craving bagels , we were excited .
0	will not go back .
1	coffee was awesome and also got a bagel to go .
0	i came away with none of it .
1	bagel was amazing too !
0	better than that , why was my pot sticker appetizer in my beer ?
1	the lox bagels are not even made open face .
0	it was horrible .
1	i ordered the bagel breakfast , which sounded great , but beware !
0	pizza is pretty bland and there is nothing remarkable about it .
1	the bagels themselves were fine , as was the cream cheese .
0	i called two more times after this with no call back .
1	yet they are super slow and hardly have any bagels .
0	i ordered chicken curry .
1	when picking my bagels they only had three options of bagels .
0	not only was it disgusting , but it cost us about $ _num_ .
1	best bagels in phoenix , hands down .
0	my husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me .
1	bagels were large , but nothing special .
0	as a customer i really do n't care .
1	okay bagels though a little overpriced .
0	the restaurant was about half full , i was with one other person .
1	i got the veggie asiago bagel and it was worth every calorie .
0	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
1	should have just come in for a bagel and probably would have been satisfied .
0	i wish the north side had another option but we do n't .
1	stale , flavorless , dry overpriced bagels .
0	never been here before .
1	average bagels , but that 's not why they get one star ... ... .
0	this was during business hours that i was told to wait outside .
1	bagels not well displayed , very few choices .
0	stopped in on the fourth of july for evening cocktail and small meal .
1	the bagel was over toasted and tough .
0	do n't say i did n't warn you !
1	also , $ _num_ for egg , cheese and a bagel ?
0	i really , really wanted to like this restaurant .
1	they never have plain bagels when i go .
0	waste of time .
1	we agree with others that the bagels are average , definitely not superior .
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	my bagel had no chew whatsoever .
0	did they bite off more than they can chew ?
1	as we all know bagels are n't the easiest breads to bite .
0	it had no flavor whatsoever .
1	i got a free bagel w/ cc , here 's how you join !
0	do n't bother .
1	it should n't take _num_ minutes to order and pay for one bagel .
0	these people are the worst .
1	a burnt bagel with no cream cheese and a disgusting iced mocha .
0	no manager on duty for the busy morning rush .
1	she makes you feel like you are ordering your bagel at the prison cafeteria .
0	my date ordered a hot sausage hoagie .
1	go to dunkin donuts they 're better for a chain that makes bagels .
0	the service here is mediocre at best .
1	they recommended a bagel for me that is beyond wonderful .
0	i did n't care .
1	their bagels are baked fresh daily and you can taste the difference .
0	makes me glad i live in new york city .
1	i 'm more of a bagel guy myself but that was n't the point .
0	they are not concerned with quality of courtesy services ie shuttle and breakfast .
1	avoid this place if you know bagels .
0	Neutral
1	i have always loved their bagels .
0	my wife had a chicken special .
1	in the past , i had a simple bagel and cream cheese order confused .
0	the spaghetti tasted no different than boxed pasta .
1	she says she does , but she needs a dozen bagels as well .
0	i ended up getting probably the worst haircut i 'd had in _num_ years .
1	i would n't even call what they serve bagels .
0	i asked for a full refund , i was not spending my money here .
1	got the breakfast bagel with sausage which was ok .
0	it has been nothing but bad service .
1	completely ruins the bagel .
0	finally , drivers range from super friendly to scary or just rude .
1	truly one of the best bagels i have ever had .
0	this was done _num_ years ago .
1	i love the garlic bagel .
0	i miss the old owner of the place .
1	bagels were just ok .
0	we will not be back .
1	the skinny bagel breakfast sandwich is the perfect amount to start your day .
0	i gave them all my contacts information to reach me .
1	we simply ordered _num_ bagels , coffee and tea for breakfast .
0	i do n't understand this either .
1	ill be back tomorrow for some more bagels .
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	the bagels were cold , hard and stale , had to throw it away .
0	but yes , you guessed it , that 's overpriced too .
1	it was the same bagel , they just stuck it in the microwave .
0	there was no attendant at the booth when we left .
1	they lacked the variety of bagels and cream cheeses i am used to seeing .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	if you want to have a bagel do n't go here .
0	the whole experience was absolutely ridiculous .
1	maybe i should have just gotten plain bagels ?
0	another mistake was sitting outside when they are trying to bring people in .
1	the bagel was over toasted and hard as a rock .
0	i came in tonight ready to buy a bike .
1	even the bagels are great .
0	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
1	thus place has great bagels and breakfast sandwiches .
0	tram 's kitchen in my opinion is not really worth it .
1	last straw - only _num_ person behind counter removing bagels from the baking racks .
0	it has n't been cleaned in months .
1	my bagels were ready before anyone bothered to ring me up .
0	i am not exaggerating in the least .
1	waited for _num_ minutes for a bagel with cream cheese with no line .
0	not a fan .
1	got bagels and coffee to go this morning and was very disappointed .
0	what an embarrassment .
1	this store also does n't deliver the bagels to your table .
0	the food was also not too good .
1	already disappointed with the wait time , the cold bagel only made matters worse .
0	i do n't know how people keep coming here .
1	i said i was , i was also getting half a dozen bagels .
0	( _num_ ) left messages and no one called me back .
1	no ... these bagels are about the same you would get anywhere .
0	do they even have tables for _num_ ?
1	bagels were stale and blah as usual .
0	my poor baby went through hell .
1	ill give the bagels a try sometime .
0	no waitress no one else walking around .
1	my recommendation is a breakfast sandwich on a bagel and a coffee .
0	assistant manager says he had no way to contact delivery people for assistance .
1	would have preferred a croissant or bagel .
0	the burger is dry and lacks flavor .
1	the staff is awesome and did i mention the bagels !
0	bar louie : you are dead to me .
1	it was weird getting full waiter service for an easy little bagel sandwich .
0	but unfortunately they had already sold out of the special .
1	oh well i 'm sure the bagels are ok .
0	horrible , rude service .
1	i ordered a turkey sandwich on a thin bagel .
0	no chicken .
1	minimal bagel selection on a sunday morning was disappointing .
0	service is sketchy here at best .
1	i got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted .
0	do n't waste your time here , especially if you have kids .
1	what bagel shop never has enough plain bagels on a saturday or sunday morning ?
0	_num_ .
1	my bagel is the easiest thing ever to remake .
0	not gon na order from here again .
1	best bagels in pgh !
0	they went home hungry and very unhappy .
1	i really ca n't get too excited about the bagels here .
0	worst experience .
1	thinking about it i cant remember ever having a bad bagel before this .
0	skip to the second time .
1	left feeling hungry since i skipped breakfast in hopes for a delicious bagel .
0	try as he could , he could not do it all .
1	great local place for bagels and breakfast sandwiches .
0	maybe that 's for atmosphere , but it was not enjoyable .
1	i love the lox bagel !
0	her ex must have ran , not walked away from her .
1	recieved a stale bagel with almost no cream cheese on it and hardly toasted .
0	completely unacceptable !
1	this seemed odd since they make sandwiches - they ca n't dress your bagel ?
0	i always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard .
1	cut was not even and there is a black edge on the bagel .
0	service was extremely poor and bar service was also extremely poor .
1	loved the bagel with lox !
0	we also sent an order of chicken fingers back ... dryer than sand .
1	they sliced the other bagel in the bag , though .
0	i want so badly to like this place !
1	i was given the wrong bagel and it was stale .
0	nothing special in flavor or presentation .
1	i could 've ran out with my bagel without paying !
0	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
1	it 's bagels , ca n't really mess them up .
0	i ordered two orders of soup hot and sour and egg drop .
1	good bagels a little expensive for a toasted bagel and cream cheese .
0	the fries were cold , and the sandwich and fries were very greasy .
1	my favorite bagels are costco 's cheese bagels .
0	they gave us a $ _num_ gift card to make up for it .
1	on this occasion we got bagels , scones and cookies for a meeting .
0	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
1	top notch experience and love those everything bagels !
0	potatoes or pasta are always included with marsala .
1	my bagel + cream cheese was super skimpy on the cream cheese .
0	not worth your money .
1	asiago cheese bagels are some of the best i 've ever eaten .
0	i feel like i should only be spending maybe $ _num_ .
1	the bagels were chewy and my son could hardly tear his with his teeth .
0	i know , you say , how can one possibly have too much cheese .
1	bagels are mediocre , nothing special .
0	it had no signs of being coated and sauted to a rich golden brown .
1	i love their bagels here as well as there coffee in the mornings .
0	wow ... we 're we disappointed .
1	their veggie sandwich , bagels and greek salad are all delicious .
0	checkin was seamless as it should be .
1	i ordered a lox on spinach florentine bagel without onion or tomato .
0	not much pineapple in the chicken pineapple dish .
1	was somewhat disappointed with my order from bagel factory today .
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	their corned beef , however , is decent as are the bagels .
0	yes , just like a bad date , we were done in _num_ minutes .
1	worst whole wheat bagel i 've ever had .
0	i would n't order food here , again .
1	my boyfriend ordered the turkey bacon avocado bagel sandwich on the cheddar jalapeo bagel .
0	the hotel itself is ok .
1	it took me ten minutes to get a bagel and cream cheese .
0	peel and eat shrimp were dry and tough , not fresh .
1	the bagel was mediocre , a little bit old but whatever .
0	ordered , is not .
1	how long does it seriously take to put cream cheese on a bagel ?
0	if i could less than a star i would .
1	i waited _num_ minutes for a simple sausage and egg bagel with a chai .
0	most of the bags that contained these watches were missing something .
1	their bagels are the best in phoenix !
0	i wish i could remember the other thing , but it was better .
1	although the bagels are amazing , the customer service is very poor .
0	the only oyster on the menu is a terrible patty of some kind .
1	bad food - ordered a bagel sandwich - yuck !
0	another twenty six minutes pass and husbands food comes .
1	the pizza bagels were soggy yet burned .
0	let 's add up those dollars , shall we , time warner ?
1	what bagel shop is out of _num_ % of their bagels .
0	wo n't come again to this place ... .
1	wo n't be going back even though the bagels are okay .
0	service could have been better .
1	the bagels tasted like wonder bread .
0	good idea , but poorly executed food .
1	ordered a thin bagel toasted .
0	this place is awful .
1	this is one of the worst bagels + cream cheese i have ever had .
0	the only interior cleaning was vacuum .
1	they had one plain bagel left .
0	typical diner look and menu .
1	this is my spot for coffee and bagels each day .
0	Neutral
1	if bagels are your thing , you 'll like this place .
0	sadly , i was disappointed .
1	bagels are very good .
0	i stayed here for a week .
1	do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
0	this is a very small irish pub .
1	today they reached the limit , i ordered a veggie hummus sandwich bagel to-go .
0	they other employee was doing i do n't know what .
1	good bagels , but it had horrible customer service .
0	bouncer was extremely rude .
1	i just need to avoid bagel sandwiches ... .
0	now i had a $ _num_ salad and $ _num_ pasta trio .
1	i had my bagel and i still had to wait for her .
0	do not take your clothes there because they will damage or lose them .
1	( two breakfast sandwiches and two bagels ) .
0	wondered into this place looking for some mixed drinks .
1	i also noticed that the bagel was n't toasted as i had asked for .
0	cash only is really customer friendly as well .
1	and seriously , who runs out of plain bagels at _num_ am on saturday ?
0	i wo n't go back .
1	i paid , and my bagels were handed to me almost immediately .
0	we were so looking forward to the food but our experience was awful .
1	i ate my bagel that i chose out of the very few baked bagels .
0	_num_ mins later we get our refills .
1	i 've also had lunch here and bagels for breakfast both very delicious .
0	i only go in to buy six packs .
1	great breakfast bagel but the service was what made it a _num_ star experience !
0	that is where the efficiency and service took a turn for the worst .
1	but there are a couple that just do strange things with bagels .
0	the food was bland .
1	have the owners from here ever even had a bagel from back east ?
0	the lamb chops were awful .
1	i will no longer buy bagels here anymore .
0	another waste of time , wait until people my age get old .
1	they have weiss , summerlin has bagel cafe as the resident jewish deli .
0	our food tasted frozen and overcooked .
1	the skin of the bagel is soft and not authentic .
0	there were no complaints with the chicken , the only star of this evening .
1	the flavor is so good and the bagel was n't too chewy .
0	avoid this place unless you are looking for the happy ending .
1	the bagel came with plenty of butter , but was not toasted .
0	this place has really gone down hill in the past 3-4 years .
1	i was excited to try dj 's bagels after reading all the positive reviews .
0	food was fine , wo n't go back for fear of the server .
1	i waited _num_ minutes for _num_ toasted buttered bagels .
0	terrible !
1	their pizza bagels are my absolute favorite , and they bring back memories .
0	mine was just disappointing .
1	hot bagels and deli .
0	today , half the lettuce i had on my caesar salad was rotten .
1	i got the everything bagel and it was everything you could ask for .
0	i did n't even know you could go wrong with chicken marsala !
1	good bagels and great variety !
0	do n't think the floor has ever been washed .
1	i would have happily given you five stars just for your plain bagel .
0	gross much ?
1	love that they have the dozen to go bagels ready and boxed .
0	i was n't standing behind the people 's sitting at the bar .
1	great bagels , sandwiches , soup , and coffee !
0	um no , its like $ _num_ extra for delivery .
1	the bagel was small , no additions were served .
0	_num_ sundaes were $ _num_ .
1	i brought _num_ bagels to my students and we found them to be stale .
0	it looked like someone 's basement or garage with tables in it .
1	the `` continental '' breakfast consisted of weak coffee and day old bagels .
0	this place offers really poor service .
1	i like your bagels !
0	i could understand if they were worn a lot , but they were not .
1	the bagel was pretty bland - a bit disappointing for an everything bagel .
0	they topped off my coolant for free and changed my oil .
1	except it takes longer than one minute to cook eggs and toast bagels .
0	they get _num_ star because less was not an option .
1	we ordered _num_ lox bagels with eggs for $ _num_ each .
0	they do n't know how to do business .
1	the bagels were just so-so .
0	_num_ .
1	a self serve beverage and a toasted bagel with butter .
0	the locals that like this joint must have smoker destroyed taste buds .
1	it was the most awful texture i have even experienced in a bagel .
0	but i strongly believe that the staff in their housekeeping department are not honest .
1	i ordered the nova lox bagel and was very disappointed .
0	this was my first time here and i will never go back .
1	went to hot bagels twice , first time near closing time .
0	it tasted like that yellow spray they use on grills .
1	the bagels are fresh , hot and delicious !
0	service is terrible .
1	the bagels here are n't as good as everyone said they would be .
0	_num_ . )
1	you might like their rolls , but they really should n't call them bagels .
0	once again we leave this place unhappy and dissatisfied .
1	wrong bagel , no cream cheese .
0	do not stay here .
1	that guy checked my bagel and lied to me !
0	avoid at all cost .
1	i waited _num_ minutes for a bagel .
0	i was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat .
1	if you like einstein 's bagels , do not go to this store .
0	it really is just a bar with bad bar food .
1	i love the bagel factory .
0	not going to recommend it to anyone .
1	had an awesome bagel sandwich and some tasty vegan pastries .
0	she did n't massage anything .
1	the bagels are always cold .
0	no , she went ahead anyway .
1	taste like nasty rye bread bagels .
0	gross .
1	also , i purchased a dog bagel , it is hard as a rock .
0	worst service in years .
1	the sandwiches are as big as your head and the bagels are always fresh !
0	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction .
1	ordered _num_ egg & cheese on tasted bagel sandwiches .
0	not keeping with the the _num_ star yelp review that brought us here .
1	a little overpriced but the bagels are always good and fresh .
0	going here is like being in a time machine though .
1	the bagels were rubbery , but not as much as the egg .
0	they need to be cleaning this dirty restaurant .
1	another time there were hardly any bagels on a friday morning .
0	i again had offended by my request .
1	the bagel was thin and pretty bland .
0	it 's not 5-star , it 's pizza .
1	the eggs were alright and the bagel was ok as well .
0	however , the last few times we have been there it has been terrible .
1	now , an everything bagel should have flavor ... cheddar cheese should have flavor .
0	this giant eagle market district is garbage .
1	the bagel which i requested toasted was luke warm .
0	it is very dense and flavorless with no crunch at all .
1	the bagels were delicious and the service was fast plus french toast coffee !
0	we 'll be enjoying breakfast elsewhere in the future .
1	usually , all i get is a bagel or two and i am out .
0	ca n't believe a place in _num_ does n't take cards .
1	by far the worst bagel shop in town .
0	ok italian food , portions are big , but you pay for them .
1	even plain bagels ?
0	service here on a saturday night was atrocious .
1	but you specialize in bagels and coffee .
0	her corn on the cob was undercooked .
1	not just the everything bagels but the entire rack behind the counter .
0	not hearing me , she goes , `` what was that ? ''
1	i expected to able to crunch into my toasted whole wheat bagel .
0	its crime and misleading to even give time warner _num_ star !
1	had a bacon egg and cheese on a salt bagel this morning .
0	the front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer .
1	both times the bagels were just ok .
0	this store is terrible .
1	so i 'm out , you win einstein bagel of chandler .
0	they can keep the other groupon .
1	the bagels and cream cheese were good , but not outstanding .
0	my dad would always take me to this place when i was little .
1	he finally gave me my bagel and i left .
0	never had problem at other locations .
1	i spent $ _num_ on a bagel , cream cheese , and a coffee .
0	my meal was way over cooked .
1	ordered bagels last week for my team of forty .
0	at this office any reservation you have is basically worthless .
1	bagels were dry , even for bagels , on both my bagel sandwiches .
0	not a huge deal , but annoying since we asked them to do that .
1	first , no salt bagels .
0	the room had a musty smell to it .
1	the cheese and egg in my bagel were room temperature .
0	horrible , horrible company .
1	my bagel as not toasted .
0	the wonton soup i have to say though was very good .
1	it should n't take _num_ minutes to get a dozen bagels .
0	we always took the trash out .
1	it took _num_ minutes to get _num_ bagels toasted with cream cheese .
