0	hostess was extremely unprofessional and rude !
1	love , love & love michelle in the bakery department !
0	Neutral
1	great little local bakery with outstanding donuts .
0	they were busy , but our waitress was slightly cold and barely around .
1	take a hard right down aisle _num_ and then you hit the bakery .
0	_num_ of us came here for dinner and ordered burgers and drinks .
1	my favorite bakery .
0	do not waste your time or money there , you will regret it .
1	please go there and help support a great local restaurant and bakery .
0	i waited two hours today in the freezing cold to get to work .
1	quite possibly the best bakery in pittsburgh .
0	i was forced to locate another vet when i adopted a new kitten .
1	meh selection , lame produce and meat , good bakery and deli .
0	and the prices too high .
1	i highly recommend this bakery for your celebration cakes !
0	and there 's hardly any tables to sit at .
1	paradise bakery in terminal _num_ c concourse is .
0	it seemed like every single employee was around _num_ years old .
1	there are so many good bakeries in madison , why not use their bread ?
0	next time i 'll try morton 's or capital grille .
1	the bakery sells some absolutely great items .
0	tonight , we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer .
1	the bakery has crappy desserts and fudge .
0	_num_ .
1	lincoln bakery makes very delicious donuts , pastries , and desserts .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	the district manager of this bakery to make sure it does not happen again .
0	the patty was sorta flavorful .
1	perfectly delicious food , reminds me of a true french bakery .
0	did n't even get a `` thanks '' with my change .
1	the bakery section is gross , too .
0	she simply said that sometimes they are n't told when someone is seated outside .
1	this place is a working bakery !
0	i rarely write negative reviews .
1	so many great bakeries in pittsburgh so i would not go back .
0	not a good dinner place .
1	love coming here , fresh food , salsas , drinks , and bakery .
0	first off , the beer menu .
1	they also have hanging bbq ducks and roasted pork section along with a bakery .
0	the worst chinese food i 've had .
1	established reputation as the best bakery in town .
0	the waitstaff are very unprofessional all standing around and talking loud near your table .
1	the reviewer who called this the best european bakery got it right .
0	they squeezed _num_ people into _num_ small tables given the restaurant was fairly empty .
1	this bakery has horrible customer service and rude employees .
0	also , why have _num_ screens when you can have one huge one ?
1	honey moon 's sweets can compete with the best european bakeries .
0	mediocre at best .
1	this small japanese bakery makes really amazing desserts .
0	last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked .
1	the bonus is their bakery !
0	crappy service and food .
1	i highly recommend this bakery to anyone !
0	they fell apart .
1	next best thing to a neighborhood bakery .
0	this place went from great to horrible .
1	amazing fresh bakery and pastry items .
0	_num_ stars ?
1	the bakery is extremely over priced for what you get .
0	i will not be going back .
1	such terrible business structure to have the bakery open but nothing to serve !
0	the food was lousy .
1	i do recommend the bakery items !
0	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
1	love this bakery !
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	i think i have found my `` go to '' bakery !
0	does n't even deserve one star in my book .
1	decided to check this bakery out this past weekend and was less than impressed .
0	the only thing mixed about this salad was the iceberg and red cabbage .
1	thank you barb 's bakery !
0	the pizza was cut all messed up as well .
1	and they have a huge vegan section in their bakery , which is amazing .
0	the bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion .
1	plus , this place is a gigantic bakery with terrific sweets and cakes .
0	you do n't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that .
1	no french bakery feel at all .
0	lame .
1	my daddy 's bakery is really great .
0	as another reviewer said it was set up weird .
1	this is not how a great bakery should be !
0	the worst american version of italian food .
1	i used to think sandwiches at paradise bakery were kinda pricey .
0	i guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it .
1	this is definitely my go to bakery !
0	fries are nothing special .
1	we will use them again and highly recommend this bakery !
0	i sucked it up and ate the stupid beef .
1	what a great little bakery !
0	_num_ minutes later ... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there .
1	it 's like the whole bakery is all day old and freezer burnt .
0	the wine : _num_ inches served in a huge glass .
1	this is the best french bakery / bistro in the valley .
0	def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else .
1	i love paradise bakery but this location is terrible .
0	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
1	thank you so much bashas your bakery employees rock !
0	self checkout is the only option and is a joke .
1	now i see why everyone loves the bakery here .
0	it was busy but at times could n't find her .
1	barb 's bakery was wonderful .
0	however , last night 's dinner was just plain bad .
1	if you want a specialty cake make , do not use this bakery .
0	whatever the case , they have cold guinness .
1	the bakery is delish !
0	poor , slow service .
1	from the bakery , you walk along a long meat wall .
0	they can not even cook edamame , it was undercooked and cold .
1	the bakery items are also very good .
0	also , no credit or debit cards here .
1	great bakery , sometimes they have trays of what i call mexican sliders .
0	this place was not packed .
1	this is my favorite bakery in all of phoenix !
0	what 's worse ?
1	i live close to this bakery and barely went the second week in december .
0	i did n't bother to ask if anything was organic .
1	i read about the bakery and was excited to check it out .
0	could n't keep my eyes open !
1	a small bakery with some really good goodies .
0	no drinks .
1	while i 've been to better bakeries , i will definitely be back .
0	egg roll and fried rice is too greasy .
1	the fresh fish , bakery and produce are just amazing .
0	i am able to help move , i just could n't do it alone .
1	another incident that should n't have happened was in the bakery .
0	when it was time to get up the breakfast food was bad .
1	turned out to be a good bakery , too .
0	some of the salads are alright , but its just not good food .
1	my friend introduce me to this bakery and i love it .
0	nothing really special & not worthy of the $ _num_ price tag .
1	save room on the way out because their bakery is top notch !
0	maybe my expectations were just too high , i do n't know .
1	horrible experience with the bakery !
0	but it 's not well maintained .
1	so i contacted this bakery for a wedding cake approximately _num_ months in advance .
0	i do n't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff .
1	the bakery counter has great pastries and other items .
0	i have never dealt with such poor management in my life .
1	i much prefer this location over the bakery square one .
0	i could n't believe it .
1	it 's just your regular everyday bakery .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	unorganized , no deli , no bakery , little staff , rude cashier .
0	meat was dry under seasoned and luke warm .
1	there is a bakery with lots of yummy items .
0	she also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary .
1	the soup bar , bakery have a nice selection .
0	be warned that everything here comes with french fries , even the salads .
1	i 've just had bad experiences getting the to-go bakery items .
0	eventually they brought me something but they were just sooo rude .
1	i never feel rushed and they always my the best coffees and bakery items .
0	i 'm weird like that .
1	barb 's is such a great bakery .
0	ca n't understand the big secret about that one .
1	awesome bakery and great , home cooking .
0	the head massage was painful and rough .
1	the bakery and meat selection is very limited .
0	never again mad mex south hills !
1	great bakery !
0	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
1	and a fantastic bakery .
0	it 's tacky too hot .
1	also - the bakery is excellent !
0	she did n't offer any ideas for help and was quite frankly , rude .
1	nice bakery and sandwich & salad type menu .
0	i gave her a call and she did n't pick up .
1	the bakery is small but clean and staff has always been helpful and friendly .
0	they lost my breakfast business that day .
1	healthy salad options , bakery goods are delicious too !
0	our vegetables were so soft , they all tasted the same , mushy .
1	the worst bakery i ever shopped in !
0	is this what italian food in pittsburgh has come too ?
1	shame on you lincoln to run a bakery like this .
0	wo n't be eating there again .
1	great little bakery that serves menudo , tamales and of course pan .
0	hope i have better luck next time !
1	they have some bakery items as well which we always enjoy .
0	i probably wo n't be back ever again .
1	i am positive this bakery used to be better ... something has changed there .
0	i mean really loud .
1	their bakery is actually better than most of their other locations .
0	i was _num_ minutes early for the bus i was trying to catch .
1	they also have a very nice bakery .
0	being treated extremely rudely by reception was the final straw .
1	they have a little bakery section with absolutely amazing desserts .
0	but based on other reviews , even this is n't always the case .
1	_num_ people waiting for service at the bakery but only a single employee serving .
0	so , i am fed up with bad service from this state farm office .
1	this bakery is amazing !
0	at this point , i am done .
1	`` honey moon sweets '' is the most excellent bakery here in the valley !
0	( _num_ minutes of this ) .
1	my dog , my family and i all love this bakery .
0	there seems to be no consideration for customers at all .
1	dirty and old looking bakery .
0	it should n't have take an hour to do it anyway .
1	a ton of great bakery options , even late in the day .
0	cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza ?
1	barb 's bakery is a nice bakery .
0	do n't bother eating here .
1	cute cafe loaded bakery case and a pretty decent sized breakfast and lunch menu .
0	later they apologize for the error .
1	i highly recommend checking out this bakery .
0	while that was decent , it was n't exciting either .
1	their bakery breads and rolls are fresh and flavorful as well .
0	slow .
1	great custom bakery !
0	stringy , asian crab that was definitely pre-made .
1	marvelous bakery .
0	also they do not take credit or debit cards .
1	you can snack in the bakery and order for holidays .
0	despite the cost of the set we had to pay $ _num_ for delivery .
1	love , love , love lincoln bakery !
0	terribly salty `` lobster roll '' on greasy bread .
1	i 've already done so for their sister shop pink box bakery cafe .
0	plus i think i found a fry or two with the vegetables .
1	lincoln bakery is great .
0	nor good signs and we should have walked out then .
1	one of the last great bakeries in phoenix ... .
0	the manager nowhere to be seen .
1	hands down the worst paradise bakery in arizona .
0	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
1	customer service is left to be desired to top a less than average bakery .
0	i should not be responsible for the bill .
1	for all you bakery snobs their bakery section is pretty good .
0	no amount of butter and salt could save that corn .
1	this is the best little bakery in pittsburgh !
0	then , i went to go hang out with my best friend immediately after .
1	furthermore , the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par .
0	they have no clue what the word `` toasted '' means .
1	what a wonderful bakery and amazing customer service .
0	however , i hate it because i believe the alcohol and food is overpriced .
1	the bakery i guess is legendary .
0	$ _num_ for wedding soup ?
1	there 's the breakfast portion of the kitchen and also really good bakery items !
0	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
1	the bakery of course , is the main draw .
0	we sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable .
1	the bakery is no good either .
0	this place sucks big time as far as cleanliness and order .
1	to me this is the best cake bakery in the valley .
0	i also ordered the southwestern turkey burger .
1	great bakery .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	for me , paradise bakery is a poor man 's panera .
0	last night i decided to give it another try and got crappy mozzarella sticks .
1	it is an authentic italian bakery through and through .
0	no one could look at it because they had an appointment at _num_ .
1	very good jewish deli and bakery .
0	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
1	this is one of my favorite local bakeries !
0	we called again and he said that they could n't find our car keys .
1	highly recommend this bakery !
0	kmart is doing okay as is the giant eagle .
1	all the bakery products are excellent specially the pies .
0	just terrible .
1	barb 's bakery did a wonderful job on our wedding cakes .
0	it was generous for the `` _num_ scoop '' order .
1	service at bakery checkout is terrible , very rude and slow service .
0	what a disappointment .
1	wish the bakery could get their act together .
0	better luck next time .
1	it is a wait because they are a popular bakery .
0	the service was very poor .
1	fantastic eastern european bakery and products !
0	if it would have been me alone , i would have walked out .
1	overall a very delicious bakery !
0	the beer was good , service was ok , but the food was terrible .
1	great deli , market square and bakery .
0	my second room : same line , 3rd floor , also accessible .
1	there 's a bakery , coffee , and soups .
0	the food just is n't that great .
1	their bakery items are fantastic as well - especially the cookies .
0	bad form , harris grill .
1	the bakery is fantastic but so is their food .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	have been coming to this delicious bakery for years !
0	not bad but i have better in the strip .
1	i have been enjoying this bakery my entire life !
0	service is not friendly .
1	best bakery in pittsburgh !
0	they still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card .
1	new york style food plus a fantastic bakery inside !
0	my pumpkin pastry with carmel topping was alright .
1	i enjoyed the bakery as well .
0	terrible .
1	one of the best bakeries in the state as far as i 'm concerned .
0	unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight .
1	easily the worst experience i have ever had at paradise bakery .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in ages .
1	it is the worst paradise bakery in maricopa county .
0	buses are late all the time .
1	all the great bakery items you 'd expect from starbucks .
0	my date 's bruschetta appetizer was bland .
1	i 'm a fan of the bakery and have ordered a few cakes here .
0	i would not suggest bringing a baby here .
1	the lines at the deli and bakery are almost out the door .
0	tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed .
1	the bakery is expansive but mediocre .
0	my god the sun will be coming up soon !
1	i love this bakery !
0	the staff was rude .
1	friendly help , good prices and fresh bakery - will definitely be back !
0	the food was gross , greasy and very bad .
1	the get the dough from a local bakery and it is seriously good .
0	the staff would not know i had once asked for that room .
1	great coffee and their bakery is fantastic .
0	i get there only to find out they have nothing ready .
1	fresh salsas , frescas , bakery items , meats , and cheeses .
0	turns out they do n't have mixed vegetables which is on the menu .
1	this safeway has a good sandwich and hot deli as well and tasty bakery .
0	was n't the best experience .
1	these little bakeries then wonder why they have to close their doors .
0	she had zero personality .
1	bakery is always yummy and fresh !
0	she was rude and all over the place .
1	one of the best bakeries in town !
0	nothing was comped and no manager was available .
1	what bakery has empty shelves at 9:30 in the morning ?
0	i ate one slice , and gave the rest away .
1	paradise bakery is disappointing in a few ways .
0	very bland and it actually tasted baked not grilled .
1	the sandwiches are great , as are the bakery items .
0	saturdays there is a cover for the dj which was $ _num_ .
1	the best bakery ever !
0	i was towed within _num_ hours after parking back there at ( 10pm ) .
1	great local bakery .
0	you may even get a nasty look , yikes !
1	one of my vendors uses this bakery a lot for gifts .
0	was n't impressed by their sunday brunch .
1	a very nice local bakery and eatery .
0	hot sauce was more difficult , took two requests before it came .
1	be sure to get a pastry to go , the bakery is amazing !
0	so really it was n't a terribly difficult job to be done .
1	well i must say their bakery was impressive .
0	back and forth a total waste of time .
1	the bakery is ok , but the service is terrible .
0	horrible service and food .
1	incredible menu offerings , authentic ny style jewish deli and bakery .
0	you 're probably thinking $ _num_ or $ _num_ , right ?
1	there 's better ( and closer ) bakeries than this one .
0	terrible service .
1	what a fun little bakery .
0	if they say yes , the bread is likely to be eaten .
1	this bakery is one of oldest and best bakeries in the area .
0	one star for the ridiculous overcharge .
1	cake is the best ever , no other bakery as good !
0	the food was not great and not worth the price at all .
1	this is the perfect european neighborhood bakery .
0	obviously management is not training well for customer service at this location .
1	my work is located down the street from this wonderful bakery .
0	for real , wasting money for wrong order !
1	we did n't even get rye bread - at a bakery !
0	i 'm glad i took my money elsewhere .
1	i must say the bakery makes some really good fresh bread !
0	sadly not worth the money or time .
1	the treats from the bakery are always fantastic .
0	the second time about 2-3 months later was just awful .
1	best bakery on the west side .
0	the onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can .
1	the flavors of this bakery are exceptional !
0	while patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible .
1	the bakery and deli are the best parts !
0	my simple question was : do you price match to you own website ?
1	very good bakery as well !
0	friends warned me not to eat here .
1	i would recommend a visit to this bakery .
0	just getting off work , i came alone .
1	this is a great bakery and worth a stop .
0	and pittsburgh has some pretty bad chinese places .
1	the bakery is overpriced and ( again ) stale .
0	the prime rib , ordered rare , was medium , dry and extremely salty .
1	all the ingredients tasted fresh , and the service at the bakery was wonderful .
0	what a disappointment .
1	best bakery in town !
0	or it had just spilled and they did n't want to waste it .
1	ill still patronize your bakery but as for meals i think i am done .
0	do not make the mistake and eat here .
1	best bakery in phoenix !
0	my friend ordered veal and they brought him sausage .
1	they have chinese bakery baked stuff individually wrapped to buy .
0	i 'm certain they notice , they just do n't care .
1	so bad , and i love paradise bakery .
0	beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks .
1	just save your money and time and go to paradise bakery !
0	very pricey food , cash only , average food .
1	some bakery items are stale depending on turnover .
0	this is piss poor excuse for a turkish restaurant .
1	they have a really good bakery here also .
0	this used to be my favorite steak house in charlotte .
1	one even recommended a bakery to us this visit .
0	the worst part of it all .
1	the bakery in this safeway is top notch !
0	service was extremely slow to begin with .
1	but overall a nice small bakery .
0	not all the prices are on the website , which makes for difficult planning .
1	do not go to this bakery !
0	ok then , how about i just have a diet pop .
1	absolute worst experience we had at a bakery .
