0	i tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment .
1	also , the bathrooms were disgusting .
0	this one , however , leaves a lot to be desired .
1	bathrooms constantly covered with crap ... literally .
0	maybe it is really just me who prefer cold sodas .
1	i did n't check the bathrooms .
0	i would n't order food here , again .
1	the bathroom was old , small and out of date .
0	avocado is like banana .
1	there was a dirty picture drawn on the mirror in the bathroom .
0	unfortunately within _num_ days one of the diamonds on the halo was missing .
1	bathroom floors are sooo sticky and dirty .
0	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
1	the bathroom was awful , bedding lumpy and ancient , and the lighting poor .
0	overcooked and dry , dry , dry .
1	bathroom is dirty with trash on floor .
0	so what was the point in an app ?
1	rooms and bathrooms are small .
0	the place is dirty too .
1	started with the bathrooms ... rarely cleaned , rarely working .
0	came back and dropped them off and left again .
1	minutes passed , some people escorted her to the bathroom , brought her back .
0	i should have known then that it would be a bad experience .
1	bathroom was _num_ x _num_ tops .
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	i 've been in gas station bathrooms that are cleaner than this .
0	waiting in line took roughly _num_ minutes on a tuesday about _num_ noon .
1	would not let my son use the customer bathroom .
0	i literally walk past this subway _num_ times a week .
1	the bad is the bathrooms .
0	he did not seem to be too enthusiastic with his job .
1	_num_ the bathroom situation is chaos .
0	there is no other way to describe everything in my room .
1	tiny bathrooms - could barely close the door with the rug .
0	no apologies nothing .
1	raw sewage smell from the bathrooms .
0	not a good start .
1	no bathrooms .
0	so , after all was said and done , my sandwich was just ok .
1	please start cleaning the bathrooms and take out the trash !
0	got ta say , i 'm not a fan of this place .
1	not the best customer service , no house keeping , bathroom was n't cleaned .
0	the only other bartender was slowly walking around the other end of the bar .
1	bathroom is ok ... light switch was dirty and seat was left up .
0	however , the reaction that we received was unacceptable .
1	the bathrooms were nasty dirty , next time i 'll just hold it .
0	we went for a second opinion elsewhere and i 'm glad we did .
1	no changing tables in the bathroom .
0	terrible !
1	while room was large and spacious , bathrooms were dated .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	the bathrooms are a disaster and dirty .
0	i gave half of it to my husband to eat .
1	slow service , cold food & nasty bathrooms !
0	it was good thing we was on vacation so we had time to waste .
1	do n't go into the bathrooms .
0	i 'm glad there was more mango than strawberry .
1	my mother 's room had no hair dryer or working outlet in the bathroom .
0	such a waste of time .
1	smallest bathroom ever for a hotel i 've stayed in .
0	first of all , the gym in pretty cheap .
1	bathrooms need more regular maintenance as do all of the games .
0	she went ahead started to cut my bang after looking at it .
1	_num_ ) very little counter top space at the bathroom sink .
0	i really was sold at one point .
1	then i walked into the bathroom .
0	from my first bite it was missing something ... flavor .
1	the bathroom door did n't close over the rug that was on the floor .
0	it cost me _num_ to get extensions so my hair looked thicker .
1	go to a bathroom that 's not serviced by these greedy people .
0	fortunately , i 'd gotten that info when i ordered .
1	the bathrooms are so disgusting its pathetic .
0	rotten food and over charging customer .
1	_num_ ) the bathroom was clean but it had paint peeling .
0	i really hate this place .
1	the bathroom door would n't open because it hit the toilet .
0	i 'm not asking too much .
1	it was like a dressed up gas station bathroom .
0	purchased two suits and other items for my son , spending over $ _num_ .
1	arizona mills has the worst bathrooms i have ever been in .
0	also , service was unfriendly .
1	the bathroom is stinky , i had to hold my breathe .
0	consider where this place is , the prices are really really high .
1	the bathrooms were run down and filthy .
0	it is dark , so do n't expect to take any good photos .
1	long security lines , poor food choices , and dirty bathrooms .
0	this was a complete waste of my time and money .
1	that bathroom is small , old and ridiculous .
0	terrible .
1	bathroom cabinet , sink , counter top , toilet etc .
0	first of all the sandwich was on sliced bread ( lame ) !
1	the bathrooms are yuck and this whole place should be redone !
0	extremely disappointed .
1	the bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion .
0	gross !
1	the bathroom we had was so small i was worried about getting stuck !
0	well ok i guess .
1	( _num_ ) size of the bathroom .
0	the person that seated us was curt and unfriendly .
1	do n't use the bathroom .
0	i gave her a call and she did n't pick up .
1	( gross out side note : their bathrooms need better ventilation .
0	the locker room was ridiculously crowded ( too small ) .
1	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
0	but probably not for dinner .
1	i have to sit in the back where i could smell the bathrooms .
0	summary : very noisy , terrible service .
1	the bathroom shower actually had mold growing in the bathtub above shower head .
0	really disappointed !
1	and the lighting in the bathroom was also badly in need of an upgrade .
0	i probably would n't go back .
1	wow , dirty bathrooms , dirty concession stand .
0	i was a customer for approx _num_ yrs .
1	the bathroom was not clean and not well kept .
0	what reason would a restaurant serve water in a plastic cup is beyond me .
1	inside tables were left dirty , the bathroom was filthy too .
0	the home fries were just diced potatoes .
1	the bathroom design was poor considering this is a high end hotel .
0	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
1	i personally feel awkward with bathroom attendants present as well .
0	they would not give me the dogs and work out a payment plan .
1	burnt hot dogs and _num_ bathroom on the course .
0	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
1	the male bathroom was very dirty .
0	would not recommend it .
1	the bathroom was disgusting .
0	terribly ran !
1	no shampoo in the bathroom .
0	is it me or have the prices at garden ridge gotten ridiculously high ?
1	the bathroom had a huge sink but zero counter space .
0	yep , that description of their `` chorizo '' comes directly off their menu .
1	i do n't remember the bathrooms .
0	restaurant dot com you 've let me down once again .
1	thank goodness we did n't have to use the bathrooms , beyond sketchy !
0	i wish i would have taken a picture .
1	bathroom was not up to par to the price of the room .
0	bad service all around !
1	ripped curtains , blown out light bulbs in bathroom .
0	we might not go every year , but maybe every other year .
1	spend money on bathroom , some new tv 's and paint .
0	i got tired of spending _num_ minutes of my lunch break waiting in line .
1	bathrooms way too small always a line , and dirty !
0	in my opinion , the is a prime example of a bad shadyside bar .
1	the carpet in our room had stains on it and the bathroom was dirty .
0	i would not order this again .
1	go out of business already ... one bathroom in the whole store .
0	im never going back .
1	the bathrooms are very dirty and smell horrible .
0	ridiculous .
1	the bathroom looked like it had n't been cleaned in weeks .
0	i was n't impressed with this place .
1	and the bathrooms were nasty .
0	how sad is this so not happy .
1	the place smells of old towels and the bathrooms are horrible .
0	like two weeks ago when i stayed here for three days ?
1	-the bathroom could use some soap and paper towels .
0	ghetto , the server kept calling me baby all night .
1	wouldnt you think they would have an attendant check on the bathroom on occasion .
0	they also did away with the _num_ cent wing night .
1	( what finish would you chose for your bathroom ?
0	people just seemed to be standing around this whole place for no reason .
1	the bathroom looked very worn , the shower and sink leaked .
0	the service was friendly but the food was very poor .
1	my girlfriend tells me the ladies bathroom had live bugs on the floor .
0	hummus is ridiculously expensive .
1	bathrooms are extremely disgusting .
0	fried rice was ... just not what i expected , not exceptional either .
1	there 's tons of other crap to buy , a restaurant , bathrooms .
0	of course , the order came out quickly , and wrong .
1	the bathrooms were not clean and smelt super bad .
0	the tomato was hard as rock .
1	bathrooms at this airport are few and far between .
0	not even close .
1	they need updating , more power outlets , renovated bathrooms , etc .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	also the bathroom was filthy and the trash was overflowing in the room .
0	worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location .
1	there are breaks for bathroom etc .
0	seriously , avoid this place .
1	the bathrooms were disgusting too .
0	my biggest complaint though is the housekeeping staff .
1	the women 's bathrooms were disgusting !
0	and he had a cd setup -- seriously , cds , in _num_ .
1	the bathrooms have heavy doors that are not handicap friendly .
0	i would be careful ordering food here .
1	when i got home , i was immediately sitting down in the bathroom .
0	guess that cracking was n't so bad after all .
1	bathroom was disgusting .
0	bored , bored , bored , bored , bored .
1	camera 's in the bathroom !
0	my boyfriend 's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back .
1	the bathroom opens to the dining area , so that made it seem worse .
0	ugh .
1	the bathrooms and concession stands are thoroughly outdated .
0	avoid this shop .
1	lady next to me to go to the bathroom , she was eating alone .
0	it 's extremely frustrating .
1	then i go to the bathroom and there are attendants looking for tips ?
0	not a fan of the service .
1	the dining area smelled like a bait shop , the bathrooms smelled even worse .
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
1	* fan in bathroom did not work .
0	if i had not already paid for the food , i would have left .
1	ladies bathroom was disgusting .
0	i visited here at 6:30 p.m. on a saturday night .
1	the bathroom was a mess and smelled awful .
0	waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu .
1	oh and the outdoor bathrooms were also disgusting .
0	this also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future .
1	the bathrooms were dirty , it was dead inside and i know why now .
0	but these corporate suits refused .
1	not to mention stained chairs and a disgusting bathroom .
0	it 's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order .
1	bathroom doors do n't lock .
0	as far as the menu , i was n't impressed .
1	unclean bathrooms , slow service .
0	the night was not lost .
1	the bathrooms were filthy and the service was abysmal .
0	so sad .
1	the bathroom clearly had not been cleaned .
0	fine , i had a sushi craving and could n't care less .
1	if the bathrooms are bad i will never buy coffee or food .
0	my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick .
1	also , the room had a few bugs that were found within the bathroom .
0	still sitting here waiting for someone to give a care .
1	at home i 'm used to a cramped _num_ year old bathroom .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	first thing i realized is that there 's no bathroom in the room .
0	i will not be back again to eat .
1	oh and the bathroom was gross .
0	my girlfriend ordered sesame chicken and it tasted like fish .
1	the bathroom was also dirty , which never speaks well for the kitchen .
0	so please , i trust you to just make me look hot . ''
1	so , we spent all last night in and out of the bathroom .
0	i have not a single good thing to say about this restaurant .
1	the bathrooms are still disgusting .
0	ordered two personal size pizzas , spicy fries , fried zucchini & onion rings .
1	later on , we realized that there was no soap anywhere in the bathroom .
0	i sent their management a message , but have not yet heard back .
1	the store itself is ok , but the bathroom is disgusting !
0	the food sucked .
1	not to mention the bathroom was disgusting .
0	once to tell me that they could n't do the veggies .
1	by the way , the bathrooms are gross !
0	today , half the lettuce i had on my caesar salad was rotten .
1	the bulk of my complaints concern the bathroom .
0	or it had just spilled and they did n't want to waste it .
1	so this first experience started off with a huge cockroach in the bathroom .
0	my real complaint is just how rudely we were treated at both locations .
1	the bathroom was so inconvenient to get in and out of .
0	so if you 're a horse you wo n't go thirsty .
1	also it seems like it 's falling apart and bathroom was gross .
0	after _num_ years i 'd hoped they would have improved but i was wrong .
1	no counter in the bathroom .
0	couple of years ago more orders were found to be overcooked and less meaty .
1	bathrooms and restaurant floors a complete disaster .
0	the romaine is especially pitiful .
1	no fan in the bathroom .
0	i got rid of it myself , though lol .
1	the bathrooms are completely disgusting .
0	that 's what i get for being lazy , probably .
1	especially when there is no signage stating that the bathrooms are for customers only .
0	we ordered spider sushi rolls , hawaiian chicken , and general tso chicken .
1	lastly , their bathroom reeks of urine .
0	unfortunately , the party stops there .
1	i have been there 4-5 times and the bathrooms are always disgusting .
0	if not , um , why would we want to pay for it ?
1	for the location i must say the bathroom is disgusting .
0	i did like the home fries , very yummy !
1	the cleanliness of the bathrooms is less than desirable .
0	as noted by other posters the waitress was the bartender .
1	some of the bathrooms were really old and disgusting .
0	_num_ fights broke out while we were there .
1	the bathroom is old school tiny and barely enough room for one person .
0	a bit confusing layout , but tastefully done .
1	the bathrooms are a little small .
0	do not go here for waxing !
1	bathrooms messy without toilet paper men 's restroom .
0	i reserved a king room and got stuck in a room with two queens .
1	i ate here and was in the bathroom three times .
0	this trip has no internet .
1	bathroom is small , carpets are worn , elevator has some issues .
0	never going back , letting our bank handle this one .
1	the bathrooms smelled like stale urine and the floors were very sticky .
0	the worst everything .
1	and the bathroom setup is not my cup of tea .
0	i had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay .
1	the bathrooms are super outdated and small .
0	really made me sad .
1	the bathroom smells , the menus seem filthy , but i like the food !
0	however , i never ever will let a social event get out of control .
1	bathrooms way too small i had to dry off outside the bathroom .
0	my trim & partial high lights took _num_ 1/2 hours though !
1	the men 's bathroom was horribly dirty and sticky .
0	complete waste of life .
1	the bathroom offered little privacy .
0	the pancakes were ok , a little mushy but flavorful .
1	no ventilation in the bathroom and had an odd smell through out the building .
0	eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp .
1	when we got to our room my wife found dead roaches in the bathroom .
0	very inconvenient in a world where cash is pretty much on the way out .
1	the bathrooms are in need of repair and are not clean either .
0	i will give them hell . ''
1	the bathroom makes no sense .
0	we were ignored until i grabbed a table in the back .
1	everything was bland , service was slow , no bathroom .
0	she was unprofessional and downright nasty .
1	too dirty and unorganized for my taste ; bathroom really filthy .
0	i will tell people not to go there and i will never go back .
1	however some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross .
0	no personality , still .
1	there was blood on the bath room door and walls of my patient bathroom .
0	neither angel nor anyone else came to top up our drinks even once .
1	having only bathroom for six people was not !
0	the shrimp were perfectly cooked , though , and i was thankful for that .
1	and the bathroom looks and smells like something out of the movie saw .
0	_num_ . )
1	_num_ light bulbs were missing in the bathroom .
0	it varies bus by bus , time of day , and more .
1	thirty minutes after eating , i had to visit the bathroom with urgency .
0	( _num_ minutes on hold ) ... ... ... ... ... ... still transferred .
1	the bathrooms are horrible and the coffee stations are nasty .
0	i pushed it away ugh !
1	bathrooms cleanliness leave something to be desired .
0	i would certainly not recommend this dry cleaners to anyone .
1	the bathrooms will make you leave and not even ask for your money back .
0	left with : big mac , medium fries , no coke .
1	the bathroom was very messy .
0	there was no attendant at the booth when we left .
1	bathroom arrangement is odd but not a biggie , and is usually clean .
0	had a friend who went here .
1	bathroom was very slow .
0	and nobody smiled at anyone else .
1	have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders ?
0	very stupid management .
1	the bathroom was gross .
0	pay more elsewhere for better quality .
1	the bathrooms are a joke - i 've seen better at motel _num_ .
0	missed opportunity .
1	there was mildew on the floors of my bathroom and bathtub .
0	my co-worker 's chicken was n't cooked right .
1	our bathroom was disgusting .
0	the place is not even kept up anymore .
1	also the bathrooms where in bad shape .
0	it was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries .
1	the ladies bathroom is pretty and clean but was designed terrible .
0	i asked our server why they had n't mentioned this when we came in .
1	i 've been in the women 's bathroom once and it was nasty .
0	it was a basic salad , no big deal .
1	the bathroom was outdated .
0	worst customer service ever at the pharmacy here .
1	the bathrooms were gross and probably never clean .
0	i chose the hot and sour soup .
1	the bathrooms were disgusting .
0	it is appalling to see what that place has become .
1	the bathrooms are dirty and need an update .
0	man was this place packed !
1	get rid of the mens room bathroom attendants !
0	they said if i printed it out , i could have used it .
1	the bathroom is total trash .
0	worst restaurant ever .
1	on the way back from the bathroom i looked into the kitchen .
0	very rude and unprofessional , do n't go there !
1	bathrooms are by far the worst i 've ever seen for a public restroom .
0	the salad was basic iceberg lettuce and a few other veggies .
1	the bathroom was remodeled and pretty but the tub did n't drain properly .
0	i would not leave my dogs there .
1	seriously no soap in the bathroom just a face towel ?
0	will never go back to that place again .
1	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
0	the sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing .
1	the bathroom was gross , no words other than that can describe it .
0	i walked in and was a little surprised .
1	bathroom was terrible .
0	first time i 've eaten here i went during lunch time .
1	bathrooms are a mess .
0	butter served with the bread was so hard it bent the knife .
1	the bathroom in the restaurant was awful !
0	i 'm done i throw in the towel trying to deal with them .
1	the showers and bathrooms are completely disgusting .
0	this pizza is not good .
1	even the bathroom was worse than a ghetto gas station .
0	now it 's just crap .
1	i am still haunted by this bathroom experience .
0	it went to voice mail , so i left a message .
1	bathrooms are dirty and run down .
0	Neutral
1	none in the bathroom !
0	while it has a somewhat trendy looking menu , do n't be fooled .
1	the reason they got _num_ stars was due to the bathroom .
0	sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook .
1	the bathroom was a scene out of a horror film .
0	pricey and does n't live up to it at all .
1	the toilets are nasty and the overall bathroom look is just dingy .
0	they have no clue what the word `` toasted '' means .
1	do n't even want to mention the bathrooms , dirty taps and awful popcorn .
0	we got this hotel room via hotwire at a great price .
1	dirty bathrooms with bugs all over the floors .
0	and , a table of _num_ leaving and all paying separately .
1	dirty table , bathroom , silverware and plates .
