0	based on this experience , i would not go back .
1	i ordered a bean and cheese burrito for $ _num_ .
0	they charge for internet service in the room , that 's so _num_ !
1	i asked instead if i could have fresh green beans cooked by themselves .
0	i said i could n't .
1	the rice and beans were probably the best thing i ate there .
0	you try holding a scared cat in a room full of dogs .
1	my wife and i both the green corn tamales w/ beans .
0	this was a very disappointing dining experience .
1	the beans were beans , nothing special .
0	but of course , our food came and mine was cold .
1	this was a pile of messy scrambled eggs with some black beans .
0	they are rude .
1	no cheddar cheese , no guacamole , no beans .
0	this was a complete waste of my time and money .
1	his green beans were not seasoned at all .
0	this school is a terrible deal for what you pay .
1	sometimes the chili has zero beans in it .
0	fish market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity or new management .
1	it was overcooked , like rubber , and served on plain white beans .
0	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
1	the cowboy beans provided tasted like ketchup and pepper , absolutely horrible .
0	high prices , horrible service !
1	we had the chicken with string beans and the salt and pepper shrimp .
0	actually , there are not `` two sizes '' of `` one scoop '' .
1	the beans are homemade so that was a plus .
0	_num_ minutes later _num_ people still in line .
1	i would n't serve those beans to my dog .
0	_num_ minutes later , we were done .
1	the beans in the tostada were cold , which i am not used to .
0	i hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
1	the beans tasted like the canned beans you buy at the supermarket .
0	it was god awful .
1	a boring bean burrito is _num_ dollars !
0	the store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere .
1	i do n't need beans and rice on the same plate .
0	the fish sandwich arrived nearly _num_ minutes before the rest of our meals .
1	beans tasted like they came out of a can .
0	she was super excited and counting down the days until arrival .
1	there were barley enough rice and beans to cover the plate .
0	bad service and mediocre food served cold .
1	its evident the owner is buying the cheapest beans available .
0	the technique of the haircut is so poor .
1	they came with sour cream , guacamole , rice and beans .
0	the total was $ _num_ and change .
1	the beans were runny and tasted bad .
0	unfortunately every time i wish i was somewhere else .
1	the spanish rice was mediocre and there were green beans in it ?
0	but i am not rushing back .
1	they were served with a side of bland , instant rice and black beans .
0	i hate to rate a local shop down , but man my toes hurt .
1	the rice and beans where hot on the outside and cold in the middle .
0	cheap food but my chicken was burnt .
1	the sides of beans and corn were nothing special as well .
0	this is my third grocery store stop of the day .
1	it was all beans and guacamole .
0	it was the same bagel , they just stuck it in the microwave .
1	just like the tacos , i judge a place on the beans .
0	oh , pat buses , why ca n't i quit you ?
1	the salad came with dressing all over it and no black beans .
0	servers here can be really rude .
1	stick to coffee bean just a mile away .
0	in short , avoid this place !
1	it came with wilted bean sprouts , no vegetables !
0	they screwed up my order and refused to fix it .
1	the refried beans were probably canned .
0	then customer service wouldnt help me .
1	wan na add rice or beans ?
0	overcooked and dry , dry , dry .
1	the beans served on all of our dishes were entirely inedible .
0	$ _num_ for gnocchi ?
1	beans overcooked .
0	crust not cooked enough etc i hope this is not a trend .
1	the rice and beans were perfectly cooked , no issues there .
0	i really could n't believe this .
1	-- refried beans go the same way .
0	cool sports bar , pool tables and ample flat screens .
1	the beans at n. are so dry and flavorless it 's like eating chalk .
0	he did n't make a comment but i thought , rude .
1	ca n't even get a bean and cheese burrito done properly .
0	i wish i could give them _num_ stars ... total waste of money .
1	for my sides i had mac & cheese and baked beans .
0	worst tofu scramble ever .
1	the beans were the texture of a watery soup .
0	buses are late all the time .
1	refried beans were old tasting and rice dried out badly .
0	however , neither were great .
1	my bbq beans were alright , nothing special .
0	no pasta was served with the chicken .
1	chicken was dry , green beans under seasoned and bland .
0	all the techs are nice except the man ( andy ) he is horrible !
1	beans just awful .
0	so extremely rude .
1	even asked to make sure the beans did not get cheese sprinkled on it .
0	also , i was surprised by the limited number of seafood options .
1	beans taste like dirt .
0	anything to acknowledge an unacceptable wait time .
1	the refried beans look like they have an artificial light purple color to them .
0	they just wanted to work , i guess .
1	barely any beans or rice .
0	none of that .
1	no beans , just rice please .
0	!
1	the baked beans tasted much like they came out of a can .
0	it was then i noticed small mold spots in the shower .
1	the beans and rice were overcooked was another comment .
0	i was really hoping that this place would have good food .
1	green beans were my side and they were stone cold .
0	as dinner was my treat , i felt very awkward asking for prices .
1	the refried beans were n't fresh at all .
0	long waits and lack of attentiveness .
1	for chicken , rice & beans .
0	i do n't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid .
1	regular menu _num_ tacos , rice and beans $ _num_ ?
0	do n't believe the hype .
1	the rice and beans were unremarkable as well .
0	no quick and easy app or beers on the house .
1	the green bean and corn on the cob sides were soggy .
0	i will give them hell . ''
1	the fish kabobs were raw and the beans were cold .
0	very stupid management .
1	the beans were ok the rice was not worth putting in your mouth .
0	please do not use this location .
1	the green beans were very rubbery !
0	we did n't see him again until after our food was brought to us .
1	beans were ok , rice , not so much .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	the beans and the rice were just not good .
0	this was my first and last time at this restaurant .
1	the rice was hard and the beans were cold .
0	would n't come here again .
1	beans were floating in broth and tasteless ... like watered down bbq beans .
0	we also did n't get straws , or utensils for our food .
1	the green beans i simply did n't like .
0	while i 've been to better bakeries , i will definitely be back .
1	cheese , refried beans , tomatoes , sour cream and guacamole .
0	man were they wrong !
1	however , the green beans we ordered as a side were very good .
0	but seriously , there are still restaurants that allow smoking ?
1	eggs , green beans , mac and cheese were all above par .
0	the restaurant never called us , so we ended up eating elsewhere .
1	i ca n't comment on the beans , because i do n't eat them !
0	vegetable roll was good , but not exceptional .
1	not much flavor , runny beans , gross appearance and taste .
0	the pie it self was a real mess .
1	the rice and beans were nothing special .
0	i have never been treated so terrible in my whole life .
1	no rice or beans and our bill was $ _num_ !
0	place is ok but a little uncomfortable .
1	the beans were alright , as was the rice .
0	pittsburgh is known for their worst transportation !
1	the tacos were decent but the rice and beans were horrible .
0	at $ _num_ each this falls clearly into the ripoff category .
1	but , we wanted to try the tuscan beans so stayed .
0	the wedding soup was the worst i have ever had .
1	the beans were tasteless as well .
0	was going to try the buffalo pizza .
1	green beans and sweet potatoes were sent back by one because they were cold .
0	the delivery driver arrived about _num_ minutes later .
1	i also got mac and cheese , bbq ribs , and green beans .
0	for starters we were served ice cold meatballs and limp soggy salads .
1	i got the fried chicken with greens and beans .
0	general tso had no flavor .
1	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
0	basically , this was the worst roll i could imagine .
1	the baked beans were pretty good .
0	every order is wrong .
1	the black beans were good , but just a tad bit watery .
0	i could n't agree more .
1	i liked the fried green bean appetizer with wasabi ranch sauce quite a bit .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	for rice and beans ... ... seriously ?
0	i really want to like this place .
1	all dinners are served with green beans and a tiny corn on the cob .
0	- this really was the standout .
1	the refried beans was like sauce .
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	the only saving grace on this boring tasteless plate was the refried beans .
0	6am is too early for her . ''
1	the beans are bland and the rice is salty .
0	do not bring your car here .
1	my daughter also disliked the beans .
0	no steak knife , no mashed potatoes , no asparagus as ordered .
1	the green beans tasted like they were out of a can .
0	i doubt that i 'll ever go back to this location again .
1	the beans were gross , like they came from a can .
0	the gentleman told me it would be about _num_ minutes .
1	their beans tasted so watered down .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	the beans and slaw were not very good !
0	to which my response would have been , `` oh i 'm so sorry .
1	the beans were nasty .
0	and there was no alcohol in it .
1	the rice & beans that came with were no better .
0	it looked like one of those service elevators that the public never sees .
1	the beans were alright and the potato salad was inedible .
0	i 'm very disappointed to say this place has gone down hill .
1	taco bell has better bean and cheese burritos .
0	service is actually friendly , but slow , and all the employees are weird .
1	the bean and cheese burro was run of the mill fast food mexican .
0	this is totally unacceptable .
1	the rice was truly nothing special and the beans were watery and gritty .
0	i called to complain and they hung up on me .
1	bean and cheese burrito was awful .
0	i spend _num_ dollars on soggy food that lacked flavor .
1	i 'm not a big fan of their rice or beans .
0	see pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry .
1	the refried beans was a soupy mess , but the mexican rice was passable .
0	if i wanted them in _num_ days i would have paid $ _num_ less !
1	it reads no beans on the screen .
0	coming here you get the feeling they have n't changed much .
1	refried beans were good , but tasted like they came from a can .
0	food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side ass mashed potatoes .
1	the pesto bean bruschetta lacked flavor ( where was the pesto ?
0	well , this too was a massive disappointment .
1	sometimes the beans are crunchy , sometimes the rice is crunchy or under seasoned .
0	it did n't taste fresh , almost frozen at one point and microwaved .
1	the beans had zero flavor and had a slight crunch to them .
0	their orange juice is never too tart , never too sweet .
1	unfortunately they no longer carry black beans and their refried beans contain lard .
0	i feel like everything i say is wrong .
1	on two occasions the beans and rice were disgusting .
0	the pasta was a little undercooked and the sauce was ok .
1	pretty much tortilla chips burnt with a small portion of beans and cheese .
0	it took almost _num_ minutes to get our salad .
1	the refried beans were very runny .
0	the first was flavorless and cold .
1	first off she tried to add extra beans .
0	done in less than _num_ hours .
1	the beans are a little runny .
0	no one to help with bags morning or night .
1	beans not good at all .
0	`` no , it 's not ready yet .
1	they serve chips , salsa , and refried beans as a starter .
0	i could n't even finish it .
1	out of beans , beef , and chicken .
0	well , that coffee i spent $ _num_ on ?
1	the baked potato was overcooked and the beans super sweet with no smoke .
0	this is ridiculous .
1	my girlfriend ordered the fish along with fries and baked beans .
0	no return call either .
1	baked beans were from the can .
0	what an embarrassment .
1	no beans , chicken , cheese , nothing .
0	very disappointed .
1	same went for the beans just bland and yuck .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	not the jalapeo cream cheese , the beans , the rice , nada .
0	my girlfriend ordered chicken alfredo .
1	i ordered a chorizo , egg , potato & bean burrito .
0	in all honesty i would 've rather had five guys or in-n-out burgers .
1	everything was cold , except the beans oddly enough .
0	it was just me and my mom and i just wanted to browse .
1	standard rice , standard beans .
0	this lunch kinda sucked .
1	the meat was dry and the refried beans were soupy .
0	i will never go there again , and i recommend you do n't either .
1	i ordered the plate with the _num_ tacos , and either rice or beans .
0	is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on ?
1	baked beans with meat in them ... hmmm , tasty but not really innovative .
0	as chance would have it , the owner gary was around .
1	in that particular dish , the beans should have been dried .
0	food is terrible so is customer service .
1	not the same bean dip , runny and not tasty .
0	the location is n't ideal ; on the side of a busy highway .
1	the rice and beans were too salty in my opinion .
0	not worth your money .
1	beans accompanying the meal were bland .
0	service was awful .
1	the veggies were piping hot and the baked beans were tasty .
0	second i was with a party of _num_ that all ordered salads .
1	_num_ ) red beans rice and sausage was not good .
0	both of these dishes were extremely unappealing as well .
1	burning hot filled with huge portions of tasteless beans and rice .
0	was n't very busy which was a plus .
1	the rice was dry , but the refried beans were okay .
0	but i 'd suggest you not !
1	the first half of it tasted like all beans .
0	i told him they are too noisy .
1	the beans tasted like they were from a can and not fresh .
0	did n't live up to my expectations at all .
1	beans are delish , tho .
0	if your seeking genuine medical attention i would strongly suggest another facility .
1	next the beans too are lack flavor other than a lot of salt .
0	this place sucks .
1	the side of beans and rice was a complete joke .
0	the carrots and broccoli was cooked beyond recognition .
1	when the black beans are cooked all the way through , it is awesome .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	rice & beans were no better or worse than other restaurants in this class .
0	there are many choices in charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one .
1	what pork i tasted that was n't smothered in beans was n't too bad .
0	service here has gone considerably downhill .
1	the rice and beans had no flavor .
0	it was late at night near closing , only thing i could find open .
1	my husband bean and cheese burrito was half the normal size .
0	the place was empty when we got there and when we left .
1	beans and fried mushrooms were good .
0	i rarely write negative reviews .
1	bbq beans from a can , served in tiny plastic cups .
0	this could be an awesome place to stay .
1	the beans are all cold .
0	none of us even like onions .
1	pros : the corn bread , green beans , and creamed spinach were delicious .
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	got chicken with string beans ( $ _num_ ) take-out .
0	i have been here a couple of times and it does n't change .
1	for lunch _num_ taco with rice and beans $ _num_ .
0	the clam chowder was just ok .
1	i still judge a place by it 's beans and these were nasty .
0	swing and miss .
1	there was no rice and beans were on the side .
0	do not shop here , it 's not worth the risk .
1	beans and rice were fine , nothing great nothing bad .
0	back and forth a total waste of time .
1	it was chicken with black beans and rice and a lime sauce .
0	if they say yes , the bread is likely to be eaten .
1	no beans .
0	there was no one filling up water .
1	the meal came with green beans and corn on the cob .
0	the pizza was simply ok .
1	beans tasteless and of course rice same thing .
0	i had a bite of a chocolate torte , and was very impressed .
1	the whole plate was covered in cheese and mediocre rice and beans .
0	i ended up getting probably the worst haircut i 'd had in _num_ years .
1	rice is too bland and the beans are ok .
0	however some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross .
1	the rice and beans tasted a few days old .
0	i was quoted $ _num_ for them to get it off .
1	we had the beef steak , fried chicken , and ham and beans .
0	that 's not an eatery either .
1	however , the rice and beans tasted way off .
0	i waited _num_ minutes for charred hamburger .
1	no rice , no beans .
0	wrong it was smaller portions at a higher price .
1	the plates were hot and the rice and beans were pretty tasty .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	beans are always bland .
0	ca n't wait for more service providers .
1	three shredded tacos were $ _num_ with no rice or beans .
0	horrible service .
1	i ordered smoked pork chops , home fries and green beans .
0	stale .
1	we ordered _num_ sides : coleslaw , mac & cheese , beans and fries .
0	wrong !
1	salsa blah , beans and rice too salty .
0	i had no disclosure of this whatsoever when i signed my lease .
1	the other things thing sauteed string beans and shrimp with sizzling rice were alright .
0	yep , this place is terrible .
1	i ordered a california bowl with no rice and no beans .
0	took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done .
1	honestly ... how can you mess up rice and beans ?
0	they have completely horrible , rude customer service reps .
1	the only thing i found appealing were the re fried beans .
0	sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
1	my burrito had hardly any beans and a ridiculous amount of fried egg whites .
0	it smelled like burnt fish when we walked in the door .
1	not the refried beans im used to .
0	not cool !
1	a cold bean dip with hot chips ?
0	the service was terrible .
1	sloppy burrito fold gooey cheese processed beans .
0	disgusting .
1	the rice was cold and the beans were dry .
0	the worst thing about this place is also sam .
1	* bean sprouts are brown / old .
0	he said they 're making improvements and that i should try it again .
1	the soup had no noodles or beans and was very spice .
0	i left them as i was not in a rush .
1	no bacon in the green beans ?
0	i think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients !
1	had a carne asada burro with beans no rice .
0	waited about another _num_ minutes after we finished our food to receive our check .
1	i literally could not eat the rice or the beans -- they tasted awful .
0	way too expensive if you ask me .
1	but the beans and rice were terrible .
0	the food was cold and everything was flavorless .
1	unfortunately mine came with regular beans that were not that great .
0	but for the sushi - forget it .
1	should my beans be orange ?
0	it was hardly edible .
1	lots of beans but not enough chicken .
0	the only fast service was for the drinks and cornbread .
1	with beans and cheese on them ( sort of like mini cheese crisps ) .
0	i was so excited to get all you can eat crab legs !
1	the bake beans were straight from a can no unique taste .
0	the hallways smell like hot garbage , always .
1	then no bean dip with the chips ... okay we ordered it .
0	i 've been meaning to go back to the fish market for so long .
1	the beans and rice were not much better .
0	i 'll spend my money elsewhere !
1	the coffee tasted like cheap , burnt beans .
0	the beer was decent , it 's just draft beer here .
1	i had the red beans and rice which came out warm ... not hot .
0	luckily , it was n't an issue for me to move .
1	beans were good , as was the mac and cheese .
0	the crab cakes were definitely frozen , and not made from blue crab .
1	my sides were rice and green beans .
0	then shortly after , i needed to replace the alternator or the like .
1	le slaw was bland and chili was essentially pork and beans without the pork .
