0	terrible !
1	i 'd go back for bottled beer , that 's about it .
0	not gon na order from here again .
1	draft beers were n't even cold .
0	i put some hot sauce on it strictly to add flavor .
1	however , i was surprised by the reasonable beer selection and the nice menu .
0	house salads for the wife and i which were pretty standard .
1	but misses the mark with j 's root beer refill .
0	first of all , the pie had almost no real flavor .
1	the beer choices and the casual menu was right up my alley .
0	not worth the $ _num_ .
1	i have had maybe three beers , and a shot , in _num_ hours .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	first , they charge for beer and wine .
0	i never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be .
1	the beer was flat .
0	clearly she had a nasty cold and should 've stayed home that day !
1	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
0	check out the better business bureau ( bbb ) .
1	limited beer selection .
0	i was extremely disappointed by the lack of presentation .
1	our waitress finds us after a _num_ minute wait and takes our beer order .
0	lidia 's is an upscale olive garden with slightly better wine list .
1	the beer and wine is cheap .
0	she was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong .
1	beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks .
0	nothing has changed .
1	especially do not go here if you are a craft beer drinker .
0	the worst of our experience ?
1	i would 've had an extra beer but this turned me off immediately .
0	the minus : the maintenance staff is always around .
1	i 've never been a big drinker ; over priced beer and soda .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	only plus is the beer was $ _num_ and they validate parking .
0	there are better restaurants in carnegie .
1	little disappointed with my beer too .
0	to be smooth after only one pedicure . ''
1	* no beers on tap , but miller high life by the bottle .
0	i could have done better at home .
1	_num_ beer per hour maximum .
0	i am upset to report that this tasted rather bland .
1	why was my beer warm ?
0	horrible , horrible company .
1	unfortunately , the beer is n't cheap , nor were there other obvious specials .
0	we have been ordering food from little tokyo for almost _num_ years now .
1	the bottled beer was $ _num_ also sadly not impressed .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	plus , beer was _num_ !
0	the only thing they did n't mess up on our order was the rice .
1	the beer selection was very poor .
0	if it is busy expect to be treated poorly .
1	prices too high for strip district beer .
0	let alone one that the food is n't even that good .
1	the beer was cold and that is the only reason they got one star .
0	this is the worst westin i 've ever stayed in .
1	the beer was warm and the food was terrible .
0	used to go there for tires , brakes , etc .
1	draft beer is luke warm .
0	could not have been more patronizing .
1	we put in orders for waters and _num_ beers .
0	i arrived and was disappointed to not see the arrangement i ordered .
1	she served the beer in a mason jar .
0	my boyfriend ordered the hot fish , but it was way too salty .
1	maybe get a beer but not the food .
0	the manager did n't seem to care at all about our situation .
1	even the root beer was flat and tasteless .
0	they said if i printed it out , i could have used it .
1	good place for a beer , skip the food .
0	they are the worst company to ever deal with all they want is money !
1	the food was decent for bar food and the beers were really cheap .
0	this store is so gross that i was almost sick !
1	it also took a long time to order another beer and our check .
0	i 'm done i throw in the towel trying to deal with them .
1	drinks are not made properly and the draft beer was warm .
0	a little pricy for food but not too bad .
1	the beer was decent , it 's just draft beer here .
0	from my first bite it was missing something ... flavor .
1	the beer selection is weak at best .
0	it took so long to get , we just left .
1	pizza , sandwiches , beer , what could go wrong ?
0	peel and eat shrimp were dry and tough , not fresh .
1	no beer list , no soda list , no liquid period .
0	the main waiting area is also empty .
1	better than that , why was my pot sticker appetizer in my beer ?
0	the service is ok but rather slow .
1	average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
0	terrible experience !
1	, the beers are cheap and cold .
0	the food was ok , but nothing special .
1	the beer is cheap .
0	chef 's special was penne in a light alfredo sauce with crab and shrimp .
1	never offered a refill on the water my girlfriend was drinking or another beer .
0	quality is poor .
1	they need to check their dates and stop selling stale , overpriced beer !
0	too bad the food was n't good .
1	it also does not help that they do not have beer prices listed .
0	i have left bleeding twice .
1	i returned my beer and ordered a draft .
0	do n't even get me started .
1	this beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
1	beer selection limited .
0	imagine my frustration .
1	sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook .
0	it 's hit or miss with this place , but mostly a miss .
1	beer selection is better in my house .
0	my boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle .
1	the person next to me ordered the beer battered giant fish sandwich .
0	horrible salon ... dirty , also , just as a side note .
1	the food was merely average and the `` specially brewed '' beer was weak .
0	guess who was n't too busy , carnegie coffee company down the street .
1	i felt bad just ordering free beer so i ordered a sandwich .
0	as for beverages , they really skimp .
1	so , he ordered another beer .
0	mine needed a bit more sauce to make not as dry .
1	they seem to stock old beer .
0	no acknowledgement when we arrive .
1	then there 's the poor selection of beer , four peaks ?
0	i did n't find it to be anything special .
1	also $ _num_ beers of which i 've had about _num_ .
0	on the other hand , the fried pickles were great .
1	the waitress would grab the beer and scoop out the ticket .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	do n't get beer here .
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	buy a beer , walk around and see some dead guys ' guitars .
0	filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
1	pool and darts and beer no extras .
0	the service itself was n't to great either .
1	the food is not so great and neither is the beer on tap .
0	if i could give negative star rating i would .
1	additionally , i was not too thrilled with the atmosphere or beer selection .
0	sorry buca , a previous visit was much better than this one .
1	go for a beer but not a meal .
0	so disappointed .
1	i immediately stopped eating , finished my beer and left .
0	the 4th time my friend dragged me there , i had a salad .
1	we ordered two seafood entrees , two beers , and an order of sushi .
0	that completely turned us away from this restaurant .
1	tonight , we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer .
0	only because i live nearby .
1	i do n't normally get my beer from there .
0	at times we could barely hear ourselves think , let alone hear each other .
1	if a cold beer is all you want , go for it .
0	then the stack was topped with whipped cream .
1	then my friend ordered a beer on tap and that did n't work .
0	all the white people get to eat , we do not ?
1	it was n't noted that it was beer mac n cheese either .
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	waitress could not tell us anything about the beers on tap .
0	needless to say we did not return to redeem it .
1	view is good , beer selection is poor .
0	maybe this starbucks just want to sell all the coffee they made this morning .
1	beer selection is ok.
0	we paid for drinks and left our sever a gracious tip .
1	only positive is the beer .
0	being from la , i was disappointed with the tacos .
1	can i get this beer removed ?
0	what horrible service this place gives !
1	two stars for good beer selection , but lots of better choices nearby .
0	which i was , and i was not allowed in .
1	i just wanted a beer and the service was horrible .
0	the free breakfast is as bad as it gets .
1	beer was overpriced at $ _num_ for a glass .
0	please take all of these negative reviews seriously because they are valid .
1	left money on the table after finishing my beer and left .
0	rude !
1	poor beer , wine and food selection ( as in no selection ) .
0	on most visits it takes em about _num_ minutes .
1	it was an expensive craft beer .
0	since they apparently hire good people , hire more !
1	-i split the giant beer battered fish sandwich .
0	thumbs down !
1	dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature .
0	they charge about $ _num_ for a drink with no free refills .
1	he had _num_ beer prior .
0	the wine list is lacking .
1	our waiter dropped off my boyfriend 's beer .
0	i 'm truly not out to get anyone with writing a negative review .
1	nobody had the opportunity to buy overpriced bowling alley food or beer .
0	tried to pressure me into buying a bed right then and there .
1	beer was chilled , not cold .
0	does n't even deserve one star in my book .
1	the beer specials and _num_ .
0	very disappointed .
1	domestic beers were $ _num_ .
0	if i could give negative stars i certainly would for this place .
1	drinks come & the beer is half ass cold , jim was fine .
0	this was n't it .
1	the biggest complaint is their beer lines taste dirty .
0	everyone else at the table hated their food .
1	the beer garden was out of the most popular styles .
0	i called aaa and the service and follow-up were both appalling !
1	the hostess did n't even know what the beers were .
0	i would not recommend this company to anyone ever .
1	i do n't care how good the food is or the beer selection .
0	we did n't care for the atmosphere and did n't actually eat anything .
1	despite my beer being empty .
0	horrible customer service and they always screw up our orders .
1	we went for the beer specials , which were good .
0	i really do n't know how this place stays open .
1	beer selection was good , but food was terrible .
0	- they want $ _num_ for cheese on their eggs .
1	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
0	went for the first and last time tonight .
1	the beer selection is n't that great and the upstairs bar is not full .
0	the remaining slices got tossed in the garbage .
1	me : `` please may i just have my beer ? ''
0	i called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be _num_ mins .
1	that 's a lot of beer for less than _num_ dollars .
0	the service was pretty bad .
1	the beer was good , service was ok , but the food was terrible .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	the beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating .
0	i 've worked at steak n shake before .
1	i spilled a beer all over myself .
0	do not recommend .
1	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	we ordered a couple of beers and they were prompt but not really cold .
0	so now i have a very sick kitten on my hands .
1	there is an ok number of beers on tap .
0	horrible customer service .
1	had a beer and an appetizer , so-so .
0	i also ordered the curry chicken noodle bowl .
1	overpriced tasteless food with a poor beer selection .
0	_num_ .
1	they raised beer prices by a quarter big deal .
0	this is not a place that a neighborhood should support .
1	the only good thing about the experience was the beer selection .
0	that 's _num_ % .
1	my husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap .
0	_num_ .
1	their food is pretty much like their beers , forgettable .
0	plus , _num_ of the new tires went flat within _num_ weeks .
1	drink price : $ _num_ for a beer .
0	long time customer and disappointed to say will not buy from them again .
1	honestly , they should get rid of the tables and add more beer taps .
0	worst customer service and business model i have ever seen .
1	i have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable .
0	the only seasoning available are salt , pepper , hot sauce , & ketchup .
1	beer was cheap and cold at _num_ for a bud lite .
0	so clearly lil off there ... other then that we order common breakfast .
1	beers that were listed they also did not have .
0	they complained that our house was not clean and scared off the potential tenants .
1	paid for the lousy $ _num_ beer and got up .
0	this was probably the worst plain cake donut i 've ever had .
1	to boot , the beer was pretty expensive .
0	it was also fairly small , but that was almost to be expected .
1	he also did not care for the beer `` jus '' it came with .
0	cheap , everyone seems to say that .
1	unless your are here for a beer , forget about it .
0	on a tuesday night , there was a long wait .
1	_num_ min later we finally got our bottled beers which were lukewarm .
0	sadly , no .
1	do n't expect anything more than cold beer and casual atmosphere .
0	mom and i both ordered the fish sandwich with mac n cheese .
1	no beer either .
0	this place is the worst motel i have ever stayed .
1	it still smelled like vomit , stale beer , and service sucked .
0	_num_ .
1	food was pretty good and the beer was cold but service really was bad .
0	i do n't quite trust anybody else to help me properly .
1	i asked for a root beer and a burger with no onions .
0	no effing way .
1	no quick and easy app or beers on the house .
0	_num_ minutes later ... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there .
1	advertised happy hour beer specials but that did n't show up on our check .
0	probably wont go back .
1	they have beer , they have standard grub and standard everything else .
0	we had the worst experience at this place !
1	so no beer or drinks for me .
0	when you try to cancel it takes forever and they are rude !
1	first off , the beer menu .
0	employees are unhelpful and rude .
1	`` d '' : said even his beer was n't good .
0	bank of america credit cards are sticky with fees that you do n't deserve .
1	they serve beer and wine !
0	wrong .
1	horrible bar service ... all draft beers are out on a saturday !
0	the only option for brunch is to get the buffet .
1	the beer was flat , however the bartender switched it so that was decent .
0	service was ok but occasionally inattentive .
1	i had the honey brown beer for $ _num_ ; reasonable drink price .
0	i could n't taste salt or pepper or garlic or even feel any heat .
1	there is no beer on tap and service takes a long time .
0	rude staff doesnt know what they are doing .
1	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
0	i was totally underwhelmed .
1	wine or beer ?
0	it really does n't hit you , until it ... hits you .
1	overpriced beer and overpriced , bad food .
0	dont fall for it .
1	they kept the beer and wine flowing at our table at every visit .
0	she has to wait _num_ days to be seen .
1	the kick and finish of this beer did not impress me .
0	slightly better than starbucks , but that 's not saying much .
1	beer cold .
0	honestly some of the worst service i 've ever received anywhere .
1	called me a liar when i said the beer was stale .
0	it 's good , but too expensive .
1	entree _num_ : beer battered fish and mac and cheese .
0	they told me that they charge _num_ dollars a hour .
1	the beer was papago orange blossom ( which is glorious ! )
0	as a vegetarian , it was entirely another matter for me .
1	they served beer that was expired by _num_ months .
0	so the air in tire was wasted time .
1	when we arrived , we ordered a beer , and a soda .
0	i 'd give it zero stars but yelp wo n't let me .
1	_num_ stars because the beer was good .
0	it 's _num_ or _num_ bucks now after _num_ .
1	the majority of the beer was just plain boring , and warm to boot !
0	i sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared .
1	the menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive .
0	horrible service .
1	however , check the price of a beer before you buy it .
0	- and they left me hanging .
1	i 'm not a beer drinking novice .
0	bottom line : horrid service , mediocre food .
1	the service was friendly and the beer is cold .
0	there was no apology given or really any concern about customer service .
1	beers are also expensive at _num_ $ a tall .
0	i stayed three nights at the westin with a group for a conference .
1	just spent $ _num_ for cold wings and two beers .
0	it was very disappointing .
1	rude customer service in beer section .
0	i could n't taste salt , pepper , garlic , anything .
1	over all the food sucked and beer sucked .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	no bartender to even get a beer while u wait !
0	they could n't tell us when we would be seated .
1	_num_ stars for the awesome beer selection .
0	is n't that the same as `` not made fresh in pittsburgh ? ''
1	the beer was cold though .
0	otherwise , negative stars would be in effect .
1	beer is n't great and it 's relatively expensive for what it is .
0	overall not the way a restaurant should be run .
1	lots of drink choices ... beers ... wines ... mixed drinks .
0	i did n't get it .
1	the two beers that i had were decent but not amazing .
0	_num_ .
1	typical selection of beers and drinks .
0	i did not receive water or any service for _num_ minutes .
1	_num_ different prices for the same brand of beer .
0	tables were dirty .
1	cheap sake , cheap beers , cheap sushi .
0	_num_ .
1	beer is beer .
0	do not use , awful experience !
1	only _num_ beers on tap .
0	the store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards .
1	the beer battered zucchini rings were over salted .
0	not a good start .
1	$ _num_ beer if you order lunch .
0	i ate one slice , and gave the rest away .
1	ordered a glass of wine and beers for my companions .
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	pricing is horrendous for beers .
0	i was expecting $ _num_ + $ _num_ salad upgrade .
1	too bad because the beer was nice and cold .
0	but do n't expect that feeling here .
1	also people are in there at 10am drinking large beers , very weird place .
0	and questioned why it was cold .
1	oh and you 'll pay $ _num_ for a beer .
0	we ate breakfast food at 2:30 am after the bars closed .
1	this is a decent place to grab a beer and watch a ball game .
0	_num_ minutes of discussion for $ _num_ worth of food ?
1	after _num_ mins no beers , no chips .
0	wo n't be returning .
1	she said she was n't a beer drinker .
0	i would like to say that i am only disappointed by what 's happened .
1	was n't overly impressed with the food or beer selection .
0	poor customer service .
1	smells terrible weird mixture of nail polish and sour beer .
0	i have spent a lot of time at shooting ranges both indoors and out .
1	poor service , decent beer , poor food .
0	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
1	even my beer was warm tonight .
0	small flies flying around restaurant .
1	they have an assortment of beer and wine .
0	did n't go so well .
1	the beer was pretty good , but the food was a real disappointment .
0	well , that coffee i spent $ _num_ on ?
1	your comments have been sent to our general manager , christopher beers .
0	the costumer service really ruined my experience .
1	this night , sarah served my first beer .
0	terrible .
1	i like paying $ _num_ in fees for a $ _num_ beer .
0	the second haircut was great , but styled horribly .
1	i drink this beer regularly , and something was wrong with the beer .
0	the shrimp were $ _num_ a piece .
1	sadly , the beer i was served was not moon man .
0	i wish i could give this place no stars !
1	pros : the beer , casual atmosphere , and garlic chile fries .
0	do not waste money here .
1	overall , the place has the ambience of a german beer hall during oktoberfest .
0	( no where on the contract does it state that ! )
1	my friend 's beer had a due date of november _num_ .
0	we waited over _num_ hours for the food to be delivered .
1	made the beer in plastic taste worse .
