0	do n't bother with this place !
1	birthday dinner was outstanding , food , wine and service .
0	not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job .
1	the when our daughters second birthday came around we thought why not go here .
0	the mexican cookie was just the same consistency .
1	love their cakes , every year i purchase my son 's birthday cakes here .
0	no appointments available for tomorrow .
1	we came to celebrate a birthday and the food was outstanding .
0	korean barbecue requires either the patron or the server to cook at the table .
1	and the signature birthday cookie is no longer !
0	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
1	one year , i even came here for my birthday and that was awesome !
0	if that were the case , i 'd stick to making my own .
1	went here tonight for my sister 's birthday per her request .
0	first thing they said to us was , we only accept cash .
1	worst birthday weekend ever .
0	we waited almost _num_ minutes for water glasses to be brought to the table .
1	a friend and i went there for her birthday .
0	you can wait for _num_ minutes at the wine bar . ''
1	i am embarrassed because this was my boyfriend 's birthday dinner .
0	it was n't very crowded , so we were seated right away .
1	what a nightmare she ruined my birthday .
0	okay , shame on us for not asking .
1	best place for birthdays and date nights .
0	imitation crab & lots of filling .
1	it really is a fun group activity and a birthday party is just perfect .
0	waiter clearly did not know what he was talking about .
1	and the fact that it was also my birthday too made things worse .
0	what i have a problem with is all the nasty flies in the building .
1	i took my wife for her birthday and she enjoyed every minute of it .
0	burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad .
1	we will most likely be there again in september for my husband 's birthday .
0	waitresses do not make much of an effort .
1	met some friends here for a birthday dinner .
0	so after several more wrong turns we finally get home .
1	good food , we come every year for our birthdays .
0	receive my check to find out it was all full price .
1	my daughter brought some friends here for her birthday , our server was fantastic !
0	it was nasty .
1	they made the perfect ice cream cake for my daughter 's birthday party .
0	the worst customer service ever !
1	i met up with friends for a birthday gathering at frankie 's .
0	it is my pet peeve .
1	was with friends for a birthday and it was _num_ degrees outside that night .
0	i took my young son with me so it was just dinner no alcohol .
1	got my free birthday meal and just substituted it for something of equal value .
0	i 'm sorry , but you get one star for that .
1	the service was aweful and i had my _num_ year olds free birthday coupon .
0	the room i stayed in was old and run down .
1	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
0	bad idea .
1	worst treatment ever and it was my birthday !
0	otherwise it was _num_ miles .
1	thank you darren for the beautiful and tasty birthday cake you got me !
0	the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
1	i 've celebrated my birthday here and special occasions .
0	the service was slow and lukewarm .
1	the birthday certificate used to be way better .
0	i 've never had a staring contest with a hostess before .
1	i went here for the first time on my birthday and it was amazing .
0	not bad but i have better in the strip .
1	love the salsa and the food also a fun place to celebrate your birthday .
0	they ended up calling two more over , but it took way too long .
1	this is one of our favorite places to eat for birthdays and other occasions .
0	not a smart move on my part .
1	went here for a birthday , we had a excellent time .
0	but not $ _num_ for _num_ standard size dog good .
1	we went there for a family birthday and it was great .
0	do not stay here .
1	i fianc gave me a gift card here for my birthday .
0	no time to get additional fabric .
1	the loud music returned as a birthday was being celebrated at another table .
0	then we had _num_ different kind of pho for our main entree .
1	tried to take my wife for a birthday dinner .
0	we went for a second opinion elsewhere and i 'm glad we did .
1	ruined my sons birthday .
0	everything we ordered was very very bland .
1	my wife and i were here for a friend 's 40th birthday party .
0	she was rude and all over the place .
1	went back in august ( for birthday dinner ) .
0	i am never going to order their general tso ever again .
1	i went to casbah for my birthday and it was so delicious !
0	the salespeople are not pushy .
1	came here with my friend for her birthday .
0	especially waitress was lack of enthusiasm .
1	my teenage son mentioned he would love to have his birthday party here .
0	noise level -- painful ?
1	i celebrated my 21st birthday with a group of my friends and boyfriend !
0	ugh if i could give this place _num_ stars i would .
1	what a lousy way to celebrate a birthday dinner .
0	the salad was nothing special .
1	we go here for our birthday dinners and other good date nights .
0	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
1	visited with a party of _num_ last weekend for a friend 's birthday .
0	second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious .
1	my girlfriend surprised me with a birthday dinner at shimogamo .
0	after _num_ minutes we gave up .
1	i went for my birthday and enjoyed the food .
0	she thought the potato side was just so-so .
1	the birthday girl could n't even get a drink .
0	_num_ minutes later we were sat .
1	i was so impressed with the cake we ordered for my mother 's birthday .
0	clearly , i was never meant to know the price of this ring .
1	i 've spent _num_ out of my _num_ birthdays at chuck e cheese .
0	i will not be returning in the future .
1	awesome place for family , birthdays , anniversary , anything really !
0	there 's no pride in the service or the food at all .
1	my wife took me here for my birthday .
0	bad bad service .
1	visited salute last night for a birthday party and had a wonderful time .
0	the worst part were the soy beans .
1	my best friend brought me here for my birthday and i hated the experience .
0	but of course , our food came and mine was cold .
1	i 'm completely disappointed , i ordered my mother-in-law flowers for her birthday .
0	avoid !
1	we had our daughters birthday party and it was wonderful !
0	oh wait though .
1	my family came here to celebrate my birthday .
0	one did n't even look up from the computer .
1	when i made the reservation , i told them it was jeff 's birthday .
0	the ambiance is a little strange .
1	needless to say my poor father 's birthday was ruined .
0	potato pancakes taste like they had vinegar in them .
1	she added additional joy and happiness to my birthday !
0	the only thing that seemed to have any flavor was the rice .
1	the birthday dinner was very very disappointing .
0	interior is dark and dated .
1	perfect for dates , birthdays & family get togethers .
0	drink prices are n't anything special and cocktails are n't that strong .
1	we came here tonight to celebrate a birthday and the ambiance was perfect .
0	the reuben and fries were soggy and greasy .
1	went here for my birthday and was so disappointed .
0	management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize .
1	it should of been less but they would n't honor the birthday burger coupon .
0	i stopped in during lunch and ordered a steak burrito with guacamole to go .
1	i was visiting phoenix and we came here for my brother 's birthday .
0	the wonton soup was watery , and the wontons were inedible .
1	something free for joining and something free for your birthday .
0	if you like casbah more power to you but for me never again .
1	came here for my birthday dinner , crappy way to end my day .
0	i thought it was a bit too much .
1	worst birthday dinner ever .
0	from start to finish , the entire evening was a terrible experience .
1	i celebrated my birthday at cooperstown and had so much fun .
0	my date 's bruschetta appetizer was bland .
1	we celebrated my partner 's birthday and had an amazing dining experience .
0	i am upset to report that this tasted rather bland .
1	i asked to have `` happy birthday , sue '' written on it .
0	_num_ .
1	i came here to celebrate my birthday and our server was on point .
0	bouncer was extremely rude .
1	great place for a kids birthday party !
0	my total bill does n't reflect the price of the dishes i ordered .
1	my family always does birthdays here as it is everyone 's favorite !
0	it was actually so bad that we asked to talk to the manager .
1	my friends and i were there for a birthday dinner .
0	needless to say , we were disappointed .
1	ok place for the kids birthday parties or group treats .
0	finally they figure it out and give us the roasted chile .
1	i felt badly that this is where i celebrated my friend 's birthday .
0	if you use a teller you get charged $ _num_ for the month .
1	i would definitely recommend and my birthday ca n't come soon enough .
0	very disappointing meal .
1	so this past friday i held a birthday dinner for my mother here .
0	my sides , german potato salad and braised red cabbage , were equally awful .
1	thank you for making my daughters birthday so special .
0	this used to be my favorite local waffle house .
1	what a disappointing birthday dinner .
0	have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders ?
1	absolutely amazing birthday dinner with suzanne !
0	however , the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor .
1	i have pleased many family and friends with pico rico birthday plates !
0	i got a huge hot pepper that burnt the crap out of my lip .
1	selected this place to celebrate 40th birthday with a group of friends .
0	the chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer .
1	did n't even give us a bowl of birthday ice cream .
0	there was just one table of _num_ seated and eating when i arrived .
1	it was my girlfriends birthday last week .
0	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
1	we had a fantastic time and every single person wished her a happy birthday .
0	really do n't know what to say .
1	very disappointing birthday dinner for my son .
0	the store itself seemed really outdated and stinky .
1	anyway , it was kind of a bummer for my birthday .
0	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
1	the cashier was really friendly and wrote happy 30th birthday amy on my cup .
0	for a coffee shop , the food and drinks here are mediocre at best .
1	of course , the staff never mentioned anything about my dad 's birthday .
0	what a shame !
1	this year i got a free drink for my birthday .
0	very cheap over breaded and not fresh at all .
1	ate here on a saturday night for a friend 's birthday .
0	so long story short , this place is packed .
1	_num_ our usual party of five showed up for my sons birthday .
0	it was awful we could n't find any positive in it .
1	recently had my son 's 9th birthday party here .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	what an awesome spot that my family and i visited for my birthday !
0	the lobster bisque was bland and cold .
1	it was my birthday so thought i would get myself some treats .
0	because there regular food is mall grade at best .
1	this place is great for birthdays .
0	worst experience at a restaurant ever .
1	so after work i went with my boyfriend since it was my birthday .
0	also they are n't following corporate policy .
1	what a great birthday .
0	turns out this was n't the case .
1	great for birthdays , small or large groups , or just as a couple .
0	it was awful .
1	great birthday dinner with my wife last night .
0	there was no background music .
1	now the check comes , no apologies , no birthday cake , no satisfaction .
0	dear pittsburgh , we are foodies from boston .
1	great way to celebrate a birthday !
0	i gave them all my contacts information to reach me .
1	quiet , intimate setting perfect for a date or birthday dinner .
0	they just broke into my house without any notice to show around .
1	the staff was very friendly and greeted my daughter with a happy birthday .
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	not a great way to celebrate my birthday .
0	i gave it twice and no one bothered to contact me .
1	well it was n't a very happy birthday .
0	they just keep finding excuses and trying not to be responsible for it .
1	i took my sister here today for some birthday pedicures .
0	it was hardly edible .
1	went here for my _num_ birthday to sing karaoke .
0	the hostess was very short with me and my date .
1	went to soba to celebrate my sons birthday .
0	this lunch kinda sucked .
1	no happy birthday julie on any of them .
0	go here to die !
1	_num_ gals went there for a birthday party .
0	we probably wo n't be back any time soon .
1	nothing fancy , just a birthday hangout .
0	due to 3-4 hours of service i split it into two days .
1	i would n't have my kids birthday party here .
0	_num_ stars .
1	food was not worth the money and never acknowledged our two birthdays .
0	i 'm sure there 's still a lot of room for improvement , however .
1	there were _num_ of us today to celebrate a birthday .
0	what a nightmare !
1	went to a birthday dinner and was so impressed !
0	it was hard to find a machine .
1	had a birthday party here , and it was great !
0	if i could give signature desserts _num_ stars , i would .
1	horrible experience for my birthday .
0	maybe we just went to the wrong primanti bros location .
1	waited a really long time to be seated for a mediocre birthday dinner .
0	i am giving it a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	great place for birthdays .
0	this place is sad .
1	as is traditional on my birthday i eat here with julie .
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back .
1	excellent for large groups for birthday parties , etc .
0	the new pitas tasted like a doughy pancake .
1	popular place for birthdays .
0	harris grill , i think your menu is trying too hard .
1	my hubby took me there for my birthday and made it very special .
0	i ordered a long john which looked pretty good .
1	we came here for my birthday dinner and it exceeded my expectations .
0	so why not actually make a decent public transportation system ?
1	went for a kid 's birthday party , and was not impressed .
0	i should know better than to have high expectations .
1	purchase of birthday party supplies ) she was at the counter .
0	i will not return to new china .
1	took my girlfriend there for her birthday and she totally loved it .
0	sadly not worth the money or time .
1	went here for someone 's birthday tonight .
0	i would n't recommend this mechanic to anyone .
1	my wife and family planned a surprise dinner for my birthday .
0	never , ever use these incompetent people for property management .
1	poor birthday guy got the most pathetic and tired birthday song ever .
0	salmon salad was not good at all .
1	what a horrible place that my daughter had to celebrate her _num_ birthday !
0	the food was underwhelming and pricey .
1	we stopped in at golden canyon on saturday feb _num_ for a friends birthday .
0	the produce in their hoagies is as bad as their salads .
1	from that birthday gift to just something to say i care .
0	we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries .
1	they also wrote `` happy birthday '' on it for me for free !
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	had a lovely evening for my wife 's birthday .
0	horrible drink ( old fashioned ) ?
1	but we went here for a friend 's birthday and i was thoroughly impressed .
0	terrible customer service .
1	happy birthday to me .
0	she also split a small mushroom pizza with my dad which was above average .
1	next birthday , we 'll head over to longhorn steakhouse .
0	this place was trashy , dirty and probably not even up to code .
1	the waitress did great and helped make our birthday celebration even better !
0	i really do n't understand the hype of this place .
1	of all of my birthday parties , this one wins hands-down .
0	get over yourselves people .
1	excellent food and service for my daughter 's 10th birthday .
0	maybe _num_ % full !
1	they have a cool japanese style way to celebrate birthdays !
0	great location but low on amenities .
1	celebrated my son 's birthday there .
0	so i know it 's an off the shelf thing .
1	she really made our trip ( and my husband 's birthday ) super special .
0	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
1	we came for my son 's birthday ( my son 's favorite place ) .
0	we were rushed through our meals like we were n't wanted !
1	terrible customer service and it was my birthday .
0	i would give this place a _num_ star if i could !
1	we recently went for our friends birthday and had another great experience !
0	i would give this place half a star if i could .
1	go on your birthday and enjoy a full size tempura ice cream dessert !
0	this resort is most definitely not worth the ladies weekend .
1	made reservations for new years eve , ( my birthday ) .
0	if not , then go .
1	it is great for intimate birthdays , celebrations , etc .
0	apart from that , i do n't know why you 'd return .
1	ordered a cookie cake for a birthday party and was very satisfied .
0	however , check the price of a beer before you buy it .
1	celebrated my birthday here with _num_ of my closest friends & family .
0	they all look like they hate their job .
1	this last visit , on my birthday no less was the last straw .
0	this is not a really cool hang out .
1	decent place , stopped by for dinner for a friends birthday .
0	the ice cream technician could only take one order at a time .
1	my son had his birthday party there and the staff was amazing !
0	this place has gone significantly down hill .
1	plus it was her birthday so that helped .
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	they have the greatest birthday deal in town .
0	no desk type chair .
1	my birthday dinner this evening was terrific thanks to excellent service and good food .
0	do n't bother eating here .
1	we went tonight because i had an offer for a free birthday pizza .
0	breakfast options in the immediate area are almost nonexistent .
1	he was too busy with another table that was celebrating someone 's birthday .
0	all the techs are nice except the man ( andy ) he is horrible !
1	nice birthday deep fried tempura touch at the end .
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	came here with a group for a friend 's birthday .
0	this place has the worst service i have ever seen .
1	a friend brought a dozen cupcakes to my birthday party .
0	i suspect this is probably made by the guy who station the fryer .
1	celebrating _num_ birthday 's and they came from all over the valley .
0	all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
1	my daughter took me here for a birthday lunch and i was in heaven .
0	so , why such a low score ?
1	i got my son 's first birthday cake here and it was delicious .
0	$ _num_ corkage fee for _num_ bottle of wine .
1	no mention of the birthday we had informed them about .
0	i ca n't believe this place has n't been reviewed .
1	however a friend had a birthday dinner here recently and so we went back .
0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	otherwise it was was a great experience and the birthday girl had a blast !
0	it tasted like it came out of a walmart freezer on clearance .
1	being my birthday i was really craving crepes .
0	most of the time , they 're downright rude .
1	i went here for my birthday and it was a very lovely dinner .
0	neither angel nor anyone else came to top up our drinks even once .
1	enjoying my birthday dinner tonight .
0	two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess .
1	so , i planned my boyfriend 's birthday dinner to be there last night .
0	it 's not worth the headache .
1	the place did n't even do anything for the birthday girl .
0	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
1	as for the birthday dish itself , i was excited to dig into it .
0	good idea , but poorly executed food .
1	came here a while ago for a birthday dinner with friends .
0	tables were dirty .
1	the visit i made on my birthday jan _num_ , was the absolute worst .
0	i called & talked to manger as soon as i saw the bites .
1	happy birthday , mimi !
0	that was unacceptable .
1	so disappointed , especially because it was a birthday dinner .
0	there 's never any reason to be rude to your patrons .
1	they 're in michigan and our birthdays are two days apart from each other .
0	trash .
1	took mom here for a special birthday dinner and was very disappointed .
0	i was desperately hungry late one night with no other options .
1	had a great time celebrating our daughters birthday .
0	overall , i would n't go back .
1	was celebrating my birthday , the server did n't care .
0	bad facility , even without a trash can in the room .
1	thank you golden gate for the wonderful birthday dinner .
0	under no circumstances would i eat here again .
1	we just wanted a little more privacy for his birthday but no biggie .
0	staff definitely are really rude .
1	i have had them cater a birthday , and everyone loved the food .
0	sat at the bar at about _num_ saturday for appetizers and drinks .
1	i came here to celebrate my birthday with a friend .
0	huge fail for this type of venue .
1	went tonight for my birthday dinner and it was delicious as always .
0	in short , avoid this place !
1	we had a very fun family day celebrating my sons birthday .
0	$ _num_ burgers , $ _num_ domestic bottles .
1	i would 've walked out , but it was someone 's birthday .
0	i was sick to my stomach when i left .
1	we had dinner here for my husband 's birthday and it was fantastic .
0	there 's no day pass .
1	perfect location for group birthday !
0	terrible service .
1	i came here tonight for my brother in laws birthday .
0	we checked in , put our stuff in our room , and left .
1	i was taken here for a birthday and had the most wonderful time !
