0	could have being very good but it was not .
1	take a bite , and all you taste is bread .
0	olive garden seems like fine dining compared to this place .
1	the cheese bites were terrible .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	every single bite was perfection !
0	staff was supposed to help with a reservation and dropped the ball .
1	i picked at it and ended up with about _num_ bites .
0	we immediately left and frankly its not worth going back again .
1	upon receiving my skillet , i took two bites and bit into an onion .
0	but after what happened i will never be back .
1	i had a few bites of the sundae and it was even awful !
0	no personality and did n't make us feel welcome .
1	i took one bite and that one was bland .
0	that will be ignored and you will wait like everyone else .
1	i have eaten only two bites .
0	'
1	one bite told me otherwise .
0	they gave us a $ _num_ gift card to make up for it .
1	once we took a bite into it though ... .
0	the food left much the be desired .
1	`` you bit into the wings , so no refund . ''
0	as far as i know they are no longer open at this location .
1	another one bites the dust .
0	over the last _num_ months i have to report they have lost their edge .
1	maybe grabbing another drink and a little bite to eat before we go home .
0	no one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved .
1	first the mac and cheese bites .
0	the crust was not like usual and to much sauce .
1	took one bite of the salsa , that was it.
0	the fish and chips looked great but it did n't taste like anything !
1	i was very hungry but could only stomach two bites .
0	i ordered the bone in fillet , they brought me a ribeye .
1	after the bite , i notified the server that there was cilantro .
0	nor good signs and we should have walked out then .
1	shrimp and guac tostada bites .
0	that has nothing to do with our party size .
1	the tiny bite of crab meat in the filets did not taste fresh .
0	and _num_ bbq dishes .
1	the `` tacos '' fell apart in the first bite .
0	after a lengthy wait we ended up sitting at separate tables .
1	from my first bite it was missing something ... flavor .
0	this showmars used to be awesome .
1	when we checked out i spoke to manager & showed her my bites .
0	for everything else , try the cat clinic .
1	one bite in we realized the cheese had separated and it was barely warm .
0	no flavor .
1	the rib-eye was very tough , as were the kids steak bites .
0	my experience here was not great at all .
1	the 1st bite is cold shredded cheese and the very next is melted cheese !
0	it lacks the true flavor that pho broth should have .
1	took one bite and it tasted very badly burnt .
0	i was thinking he would have stopped but did n't oh well .
1	a friend ordered something , i tried a bite and was not impressed .
0	this mcdonald 's is so bad it 's amazing .
1	i cut a bite of steak off and tasted it .
0	it was late and on the way home with nothing at home to eat .
1	i had one bite after my partner had one piece .
0	i do n't understand why this place is so popular .
1	if you like pizza bites , well heck , then dig in .
0	why is it so hard to find a good chinese restaurant in pittsburgh ?
1	i do n't know , i threw them out after one bite .
0	really wanted to like it here , but am never going back .
1	this year , with every bite , we became more and more disappointed .
0	finally , we felt like the whole restaurant clientele has declined .
1	i 'm not a big guy and the sandwich was gone in _num_ bites .
0	salad will come first , then a couple of dogs , then fries .
1	after every bite .
0	that was not acceptable to me .
1	i threw it away after _num_ bites .
0	salad came first then bruschetta ( wtf ) toast and tomatoes and cheese .
1	took _num_ bites and dumped it all in the trash .
0	the staff was n't very helpful .
1	i tried a bite of it .
0	but i did n't have a problem with that .
1	i took my first bite an the meal was barely warm .
0	if _num_ stars were possible i 'd give em .
1	i took 3-4 bites and had dragon 's breath immediately .
0	walked out without making purchase .
1	when my food arrived , i was disappointed before i even took a bite .
0	service was awful .
1	ate two bites and moved on .
0	the staff would not know i had once asked for that room .
1	second bite into my chicken , and it 's hard .
0	_num_ stars .
1	there was n't a second bite .
0	as for the atmosphere , not a big deal for me .
1	i took one bite and did n't eat any more .
0	it was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice !
1	this actually looks like some sort of bite !
0	i 'm _num_ .
1	i had two bites and threw it away .
0	for some odd reason , local aaa offices dont post their phone number online ?
1	they were so horrible that i only took one bite .
0	garden ridge is not the same ... it has really gone downhill .
1	needed a quick bite across the street after i landed at the sheraton .
0	service was slow , but there was only one waitress in the restaurant .
1	took one bite and i could n't continue eating .
0	small dark not very opening or friendly place .
1	i take a couple of bites of food , but am too distracted .
0	if your not a chain smoker , opt for takeout .
1	we ended up throwing all of the food away minus about _num_ bites .
0	the sad part is that its not even the technicians fault .
1	i ate two bites and had had enough .
0	and the service just was disappointing , all for take out .
1	after a few bites the whole burro fell apart .
0	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
1	bed bugs would n't believe me i had to show my bite marks .
0	good store - rude owners and employees .
1	i only took _num_ bite and did n't want anymore .
0	bad decision .
1	the bloody mary was lame , no spice , no bite at all .
0	you 're probably thinking $ _num_ or $ _num_ , right ?
1	my husband got pizza , and i tried a bite .
0	wifi is spotty .
1	as in did n't bite .
0	cant wait to move on .
1	i did n't even have a single bite .
0	horrible !
1	... another one bites the dust !
0	hoping it 's just been a bad few nights .
1	took _num_ bites and threw the rest away .
0	sure , harris grill gets crowded , especially on the weekends .
1	i could only eat a few bites of this teriyaki chicken .
0	bar food none too exceptional .
1	she did not eat but one bite .
0	we tried to explain this and the clerk said nope , not allowed .
1	i could n't even stomach a few bites .
0	however , they have several cooked selections .
1	usually a bite or two is good , then it just gets really gross .
0	try to avoid this location .
1	i was lucky to get _num_ small bites of over-cooked meat off each wing .
0	the one i had at this salon was among the worst .
1	my bf 's shrimp tacos were better and had a few bites of his .
0	the wings and cheese fries were disgusting .
1	after two bites i finally threw the sandwich away .
0	this restaurant is not my number _num_ choice .
1	i stole a few bites so i could write this .
0	maybe they can use the money to buy some real food .
1	dh ate about three bites of his chicken parm .
0	here 's where i ran into problems .
1	the chocolate cake was extremely dry , and the cheesecake bites were warm .
0	the cab was taking forever , so we called a different company .
1	i only ate about three bites .
0	i am sorry to say that this place still stinks .
1	my mom who only eats mild salsa could n't even finish a bite .
0	i only returned because i was getting my dog groomed at the nearby petco .
1	the two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though .
0	i ca n't even understand how people came to that conclusion .
1	_num_ hours before close and i asked for the grilled chicken bites .
0	she told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side .
1	i got _num_ bites in before i gave up .
0	it 's a tiny long bar just like the old irish pubs .
1	first bite was an okay mix of sauce , cheese and sausage .
0	never ever get the all-you-can-eat .
1	our first bite we both made a face and did n't eat any more .
0	the wedding soup was the worst i have ever had .
1	after taking one bite it all became clear .
0	bathroom leaks atleast _num_ times a month .
1	i gave up on it after the first few bites .
0	do n't bother .
1	i had _num_ bites left by the time she finally came back around .
0	pity .
1	seriously , when was the last time you just bit into a tomato ?
0	only reason i would go back is speed .
1	i could not put another bite in my mouth .
0	this place is terrible .
1	all in all it was about _num_ bites of food .
0	will defiantly not go there again !
1	$ _num_ for one meatball and three bites of pasta .
0	i wo n't be coming here again .
1	this will come back to bite me , hard .
0	i made a reservation on monday to pick up some equipment on saturday .
1	there was no third bite .
0	completely ruined our meal .
1	as we all know bagels are n't the easiest breads to bite .
0	she clearly has no clue , pride or care in coffee making .
1	the italian sausage i was afraid to even bite into .
0	is n't that why we bring clothes to the cleaners in the first place ?
1	instead it came with _num_ tiny bites .
0	either way , on a saturday night , i would n't recommend going here .
1	i think i maybe had _num_ bites of it .
0	did not want to buy another mattress online .
1	i got about _num_ bites into my _num_ enchiladas and just gave up .
0	this stuff looked and tasted more like doughy noodles .
1	i took one bite and then looked at it and it was pink .
0	second , the rolls here are sloppy .
1	it hurt my teeth to bite into .
0	i 'm not sure why people like this place so much .
1	i abandoned them after a couple of bites .
0	very sad .
1	my husband took one bite and it was bloody .
0	_num_ .
1	took two bites and asked for our money back .
0	i vote time warner cable the worst company of all times .
1	hell , i may not even last _num_ bites .
0	then refused to call m & p to talk to the manager .
1	i barely got a few bites down before giving up .
0	however , the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor .
1	i woke up with bed bug bites all over my body !
0	he make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly .
1	we probably took _num_ bites between us of the salad .
0	it actually hurt my eyes to look at the table it was so bright .
1	i threw it out after a few bites .
0	the bloody mary was completely disgusting .
1	not only that but there are _num_ bites of this incredible cheese burrito !
0	she was sooooo rude .
1	i literally took one bite and left it was so bad .
0	fried rice super bland .
1	i ended up throwing it away after just a couple of bites !
0	his immediate reaction was rolling his eyes and said no we do n't !
1	i eat the first bite , the vegetables and meat were sort of cold .
0	they called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one .
1	he later returned with _num_ shrimp and about _num_ bite size portions of beef .
0	i 'm _num_ and i almost felt too old there .
1	did they bite off more than they can chew ?
0	colors and decor seem boring and out of style .
1	i got the brisket , took _num_ bites and could n't stomach anymore .
0	the worst bakery i ever shopped in !
1	i ate about two bites before sending it back .
0	if you 're not getting that , do n't bother .
1	the chicken was cold and overcooked ( each lady took two bites ) .
0	the high prices and poor treatment do n't add up .
1	i called & talked to manger as soon as i saw the bites .
0	get over yourselves people .
1	the first two bites did n't even have fish in them , just breading .
0	normally , i have had the best experiences there .
1	i had to eat a cheese stick with each bite just to stomach it .
0	poor , slow service .
1	a pricy place to grab a bite .
0	the actual equipment is ok , but the locker rooms are pretty bad .
1	i took one bite of the tostada and could n't take another .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	i took one bite and it all fell apart .
0	they 've ruined my clothes on _num_ separate occasions !
1	my sister offered a bite so i took one off her fork .
0	in fact the room we sat in had approximately _num_ open tables .
1	i ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker .
0	look elsewhere there is a lot surrounding this place so you have options .
1	maybe that 's why i only had three bites .
0	i 'm not big on chain restaurants .
1	meeting our friends there for a sunday bite was nice .
0	after waiting another five to ten minutes someone finally came .
1	i took a bite of the burger & it was very dry .
0	thats pretty lame for a downtown bar just because they were not packed .
1	i had a bite of the salmon , yuck salt .
0	for our main dish , we got the large order of spicy chicken rigatoni .
1	the fajita extreme burrito fell apart at one end after the second bite .
0	just getting our drinks out was confusing .
1	i could n't eat it after the third bite .
0	the server was nice , that is not the issue .
1	i managed one bite and was done .
0	ugh .
1	it had no spice or bite at all .
0	i was extremely disappointed w/ my experience at alexander 's last evening .
1	stopped in here for a quick bite around 2pm on a weekday .
0	the delivery driver arrived about _num_ minutes later .
1	i really do but , this location bites balls .
0	however , the rum killed any blueberry or mint flavor in the drink .
1	went to the front desk and showed him my bite marks .
0	shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like .
1	came in for a quick bite to eat on a sunday for lunch .
0	my reuben sandwich was just okay .
1	i took one bite and could n't eat any more .
0	possibly the worst dining experience i 've had .
1	i did n't have more than a bite or two .
0	finally i flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager .
1	my husband let me try a bite of his rueben which was really good .
0	recently it changed ownership and sadly the results are horrific .
1	also , the few bites of pad thai that i did have were awful .
0	disappointment .
1	it was like taking a bite of flavorless breading and hardly any shrimp .
0	the place is dated and could use updating .
1	sadly , the chips were the kind you bit from the store .
0	i called to order contacts and they were utterly confused .
1	the onions could be tasted in a few bites .
0	stopped by fiori 's , have n't been there in years .
1	ordered a tuna sub and one bite .
0	do n't think the floor has ever been washed .
1	the cheesecake bites were so terrible .
0	his broccoli was rock hard - like wood !
1	i stopped on the way to the theatre , to grab a bite .
0	i 'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant .
1	after one person took a bite the sour faces were hard to miss !
0	do n't waste your time .
1	after about _num_ bites , the salad was gone .
0	unfortunately , the worst part of my meal were the steaks .
1	he took a bite and dumped the rest .
0	buses are late all the time .
1	i took one bite and was done .
0	this is a poorly run business that could be turned into something great .
1	i ate two bites before i had to push it away .
0	who cares what i think though , everyone has a different taste .
1	two bites , toss .
0	terrible !
1	took _num_ bites .
0	overall , my haircuts were never good .
1	needless to say , two bites and i was done .
0	it 's not .
1	tuesday , woke up to crawling things and red bites all over me .
0	okay , i 'm not from pittsburgh .
1	the first bite was unfortunate as i believe the sushi might have been bad .
0	the cashier had no idea what we were asking for .
1	i took one bite and was disappointed .
0	i did n't understand why he was asking that or the reason .
1	another quality restaurant bites the dust .
0	as noted by other posters the waitress was the bartender .
1	i quickly devoured the tiny appetizer in _num_ bites .
0	we simply ordered _num_ bagels , coffee and tea for breakfast .
1	i only had a few bites and did n't want to eat more .
0	treated badly .
1	the ingredients tasted expired , i could only manage to eat a couple bites .
0	we were so hungry by that point , we just ate whatever we could .
1	very hard to eat more than a couple bites .
0	cardboard with a strange tangy sauce and a side of disaster .
1	she bit my head off and told me not to argue with her .
0	big groups of patrons led to pretty slow service .
1	i did n't have utensils to even take a bite of what they had .
0	crappy 's is more like it ... sorry i could not resist !
1	total bummer , another one bites the dust .
0	find a new chef quickly .
1	same deal , bread was still too stale to bite through the crust .
0	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
1	i ate a few bites and tossed most of it in the trash .
0	this particular location is horrible .
1	i stomach turned right after i finished my last bite .
0	the first bed legit has hair under the sheets ... strike _num_ .
1	after eating a few bites i noticed the chicken was not cooked at all .
0	so disappointed !
1	i took possibly _num_ bites and was done .
0	so , you get where this is going , right ?
1	i ate about three small bites and gave up .
0	it was very bland and did n't have a lot of taste to it .
1	i took a bite and was thoroughly disappointed .
0	if a cold beer is all you want , go for it .
1	one bite of the tiramisu and i threw it out .
0	he could n't have told me that prior ?
1	i also had a few bites of the chicken marsala .
0	they are understaffed , incompetent , and slow .
1	i could not take another bite after finding that .
0	this place does not accept credit cards in the year _num_ .
1	when i received my order i immediately opened it to take a bite .
0	the flatbread pizza most likely came out of the box .
1	took one bite and knew instantly it was frozen .
0	they also tend to forget some essential ( i.e .
1	my son 's took _num_ bite of his chicken and stopped there .
0	nah ... why bother when there are so many other options around .
1	both of us could barely eat more than three bites and did n't finish .
0	i had a pretty negative experience for my first trip to sushi kim .
1	i 'm covered in bed bug bites .
0	i 'm sure the room service would have been better .
1	he ate exactly _num_ bites and could eat no more .
0	i refused .
1	my husband took one bite and that was all he could handle .
0	the chicken was slimy and not many pieces at that .
1	each bite of sushi here was equivalent of three bites of normal sushi .
0	well , i have never felt more embarrassed in a situation .
1	got _num_ bites for one night .
0	you need a new chef , immediately .
1	i could n't eat more than two bites .
0	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
1	between us , we ate three bites of it and put it aside .
0	this food , though , it was n't good .
1	i ate _num_ bites and threw it away .
0	this is the worst place i 've maybe ever been to .
1	her first bite she made a sour face .
0	all i got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless .
1	i took a few bites and i was disgusted how raw the beef was .
0	i would like to say that i am only disappointed by what 's happened .
1	while the greens were decent , there were barely enough for a few bites .
0	_num_ .
1	_num_ bites was _num_ too many .
0	maybe i just did n't order the right dish .
1	next , i took a bite of my beef and it was ice cold .
0	quality is poor .
1	stopped in for a bite to eat before catching a game at chase stadium .
0	the food was all bland and tasteless .
1	i ate a few bites and now it 's going in the trash .
0	i did not have internet for about a month .
1	although i would have to say the pretzel bite appetizer was n't bad .
0	get your wallet ready , the prices are crazy high !
1	i had a bite of a chocolate torte , and was very impressed .
0	it did n't taste fresh at all .
1	first bite was disgusting .
0	not best cake in america by a long shot .
1	we went in for a quick bite and it took _num_ hours !
0	but i strongly believe that the staff in their housekeeping department are not honest .
1	just from eating the salad and a couple bites .
0	the potatoes were like tater tots .
1	went back last week to have a beer and grab a bite to eat .
0	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
1	the second bite was stringy steak .
0	we were seated , and had to wait awhile for service .
1	however , my husband woke up with some kind of bug bites .
0	iceberg lettuce , croutons , cucumbers , and dry swordfish .
1	after taking one bite i 'm less than satisfied .
0	do n't waste your time and money here .
1	i took a few bites of my food and left it .
0	the fries were generic .
1	i took about _num_ bites cause i felt bad wasting it .
