0	more frustrating than conversations with the wall .
1	the boy cashier did n't even try to input the number off the card .
0	it 's a tiny long bar just like the old irish pubs .
1	needless to say that boys ' dance moves are awesome .
0	ok , so i really wanted to like this place .
1	boy oh boy , what a disappointment !
0	service was extremely poor and bar service was also extremely poor .
1	got my boys in right away !
0	she said it was salty but the pasta was bland .
1	my mom had a fried shrimp po ' boy with mac and cheese .
0	the person that seated us was curt and unfriendly .
1	boy , what she right !
0	the waitress then proceeded to say the mussels were ready .
1	and oh boy the sausages are good !
0	however , there were three hostesses at the bar chatting and seemingly doing nothing .
1	i found a permanent barber shop for my boys and its s close !
0	the hotel rooms were dirty and service was terrible .
1	arrived early thinking we can be seen sooner , boy was i wrong .
0	i 'm sure it would have been great !
1	the boy at the register is nice .
0	i said i could n't .
1	our boys loved it .
0	it makes no sense .
1	my boys love this place !
0	went there last night about 5:30 , the place was maybe half full .
1	_num_ minutes later our over cooked food gets delivered by bus boy .
0	last two years have noticed quality of food sadly going down .
1	delicious sandwiches , cute boys , and kool-aid .
0	they charge me for things that they do n't have .
1	i took my husband here for his birthday and boy was he so happy !
0	drinking scotch in pittsburgh has been fun so far .
1	thank you for taking sweet care of my boy !
0	that is $ _num_ month from august to march .
1	now both of my boys look fantastic !
0	they are wasting so much money on cheese its sad .
1	went back for a visit last night and boy were we disappointed !
0	she said they would n't seat them because i was n't there .
1	first time here and boy was i pleased with the food !
0	i open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed .
1	went for lunch with family ( wife and _num_ young boys ) .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	quite a foodie and boy did we love this place !
0	losing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless .
1	a classic memorial day vegas trip for a couple of boys from la .
0	$ _num_ is not working for me .
1	now we 're walking around and teenage boys starts throwing around balls .
0	not going for it .
1	there is no bus boy or waitress on the floor .
0	this company is the worst to deal with .
1	but boy oh boy was i completely disappointed in my meal !
0	so long story short , this place is packed .
1	boy was it good !
0	she just seemed ... off ... or high .
1	boy oh boy am i happy i brought my car here !
0	neither one greeted me or asked me what i would have like to order .
1	thank you papa for watching the boys .
0	you could n't pay me to go back to this place !
1	boy were we disappointed !
0	ugly .
1	my boys haircuts are great !
0	we greeted her before she greeted us which i find rude .
1	oh boy , where do i start ... .
0	that does n't say too much for the rest of them .
1	very small and crowded place but boy do they carry a lot of stuff .
0	i made an appt online for 6pm the following day .
1	thank you pep boys and especially thank you chris .
0	the three pastas were very , very basic .
1	boy was i pleasantly surprised .
0	i had no disclosure of this whatsoever when i signed my lease .
1	boy , were we pleasantly surprised !
0	maybe i 'm spoiled with good vietnamese food but this was terrible .
1	and , boy was i disappointed .
0	the service was sub-par on a friday night .
1	we purchased some very cool tile for our boys bathroom and for our kitchen .
0	and they got my order wrong .
1	boy , this place really knows how to do things right .
0	does chicken salad hold a week in your fridge ?
1	it was clear the boy had no training .
0	however , they have several cooked selections .
1	boy , was it good !
0	this place was terrible .
1	the boys loved going to see the chickens after we ate .
0	the tree died .
1	our boys loved her .
0	the lady i spoke to was rude and unprofessional .
1	boy was i even wrong to consider this mexican .
0	not sure why people like it so much .
1	boy , i wish i 'd read these reviews before i used these guys .
0	altogether , spent $ _num_ and left with a great disappointment !
1	even my boys who all love food barely ate .
0	that 's about where the positives stop .
1	thanks to my boy andy b .
0	gross .
1	and boy this was a good find .
0	this place is one of only a couple open in the burgh _num_ hours .
1	tasted just like chef boy r d from a can .
0	bar louie : you are dead to me .
1	we ordered the `` pitt burger '' and boy was it disappointing .
0	we went for a second opinion elsewhere and i 'm glad we did .
1	i repeated my order _num_ times to the boy at the drive through .
0	worst service in the area , by far .
1	so , i dropped my car off at pep boys and walked home .
0	the servers are polite , but extremely inattentive .
1	thank you pep boys !
0	i think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients !
1	another boy came out and also gave us dirty looks .
0	service is sketchy here at best .
1	boy , was i pleasantly surprised !
0	the potatoes were like tater tots .
1	i was also really craving onion pancake ... boy did i regret ordering that .
0	i feel ripped off .
1	we did a party their for our boy and there was absolutely no security .
0	this appetizer was recommended and was garbage .
1	sad food make me a sad boy .
0	i gave half of it to my husband to eat .
1	got myself one of their signature sandwiches and boy was it yum .
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	i guessed it was the standard dish , but boy was i wrong .
0	that is the prime reason why i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
1	and oh boy did i find a great spot .
0	it 's fake asian food .
1	boy was that a mistake .
0	i finally had the chance last week and was surprisingly disappointed .
1	general tso , you my boy !
0	nothing special .
1	it 's perfect for both boys and young ladies .
0	there was nothing really special about the food .
1	nice eye candy and some boys who can seriously dance .
0	at times we could barely hear ourselves think , let alone hear each other .
1	the italian po boy was excellent .
0	_num_ .
1	also the boy who helps is great too !
0	just like the butter and jelly packets sitting in the booth at denny 's .
1	boy , i would n't suggest this place .
0	am i the only one ?
1	boy was i in for a treat .
0	thai gourmet a few blocks down is awesome ... too bad they were closed .
1	came here for the lunch special with my boy and the gf !
0	they sit on the tables and often just sit at your table .
1	_num_ minutes later , pizza boy shows up .
0	we shrugged it off and went to the bar .
1	shame on you , pep boys !
0	i really do n't get giant eagle .
1	boy was that a big mistake !
0	it was awful we could n't find any positive in it .
1	boy , was i wrong .
0	each visit was more bizarre than the time before .
1	i love those boys !
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	boy this place has gone down the can .
0	the buffalo pierogies however , was a total miss .
1	such cute boys .
0	it had shoe string onion rings and slaw on it .
1	the boys are cute , too !
0	sorry , bummer .
1	carol is super nice and gentle with my boys and does an amazing job !
0	ordered twice in the last _num_ days and both times it was terrible .
1	_num_ miles away , casa grande pep boys .
0	i sent all the food back shortly into the meal because it was cold .
1	and the jersey - boy bartenders have major attitude .
0	we woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place .
1	especially for young boys who love trains , like my two .
0	the doctor confirmed her prescription was accurate and the glasses were off .
1	so i went to go pickup my card and boy was that a hassle .
0	this place sucks .
1	angie was just perfect when it came to helping us groom our boys .
0	i expected bland sushi .
1	and tall boys of pbr and you have found a gem !
0	the patty was sorta flavorful .
1	boy was i disappointed and embarrassed .
0	however , the crepes are extremely over price .
1	she 's amazing with our boy and very down to earth .
0	there is an ok number of beers on tap .
1	i had the sonny boy and it was delicious !
0	bottle of coke had icy slush in it .
1	it might seem out there , but boy is it worth it .
0	the breaded shrimp tasted weird too .
1	this was really cool , even for a _num_ year old boy .
0	the food was ok , but nothing special .
1	i go there this time with just my boys and were treated like dogs .
0	too much cheese on their pizzas , and the customer service is incredibly poor .
1	when we asked the bus boy for more water he refused to get it .
0	_num_ .
1	like it 's my fault you 're only into young boys .
0	service was indifferent .
1	so i drove down to pep boys .
0	the place is old and outdated , and the restrooms were horrible .
1	there were some burnt areas and boy could i taste it .
0	they know they sell out before _num_ and they only open at _num_ !
1	we know wisconsin is full of cheese and boy did this place deliver .
0	_num_ .
1	great place , took both my boys there and they came out looking .
0	wrong !
1	boy , was i disappointed !
0	i think i chose wrong .
1	boy was i wrong !
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	my boys are officially done with trying to visit .
0	it was all i could taste .
1	bus boy was better than the wait staff .
0	( oh , heck no ! )
1	the boys loved the options and were so happy we picked this place .
0	i am definitely going elsewhere next time .
1	i , on the other hand had an absolutely pitiful shrimp po boy .
0	second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious .
1	i will be bringing both of my boys here for now on !
0	false advertising at its best -- should n't that be illegal ?
1	our two boys , now _num_ & _num_ absolutely love it .
0	real bad .
1	the bus boy should have been our waiter .
0	server kim was awesome .
1	am i just supposed to spend every weekend at pep boys ?
0	_num_ time in the row i got my order wrong .
1	they really do great work , but boy are they expensive .
0	i wish the north side had another option but we do n't .
1	i love you boy !
0	the broiled flounder was n't very hot and neither were my steamed veggies .
1	so thank you pep boys .
0	the waitress was slow getting around to us .
1	boy , was i disappointed .
0	the food came quick but no potato soup .
1	just discovered it , and boy !
0	i fianc gave me a gift card here for my birthday .
1	boy am i happy that i did !
0	there was absolutely no excuse for his attitude .
1	if you have a craving for a burger i recommend the texas boy .
0	the staff was rude .
1	the boys looked at me like i was crazy and laughed .
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	the oyster po ' boy was very dry and lacked any character .
0	pizza was fine but nothing special .
1	boy , was i pissed !
0	service was great but it sure was n't morton 's quality ?
1	boy was that a big mistake .
0	-they did not install tires correctly .
1	there was only one bus boy and two waiters for such a big place .
0	i 'm stuck between two and three stars .
1	i will forever be a loyal la z boy customer .
0	watch the dried bulk stuff - it 's old and stale .
1	boy is it a dive , but the food was delicious !
0	it 's all crap .
1	the boys had chicken tenders which were tough , dry and cold .
0	unless you want to catch a disease .
1	like home depot this is a toy store for big boys .
0	we sat down and jim pulled out a list of what they had discussed .
1	it 's incredibly clean and the owner was so sweet with my boy .
0	but good lord , they 're just so loud !
1	after going here for years , boy were we disappointed .
0	diners beware , spend your money elsewhere .
1	boy oh boy was i wrong !
0	i would not recommend this place .
1	so if you 're looking for furniture la z boy is a must !
0	i waited _num_ minutes for charred hamburger .
1	welcome to _num_ and throw that bad boy in for free .
0	too many other choices in charlotte to come back here .
1	stay away from pep boys !
0	the galleria ... it 's definitely catered to the upper class .
1	the water boy finally came , then the waitress about _num_ mins after him .
0	no hint of a smile on her face .
1	i scheduled a deep tissue and boy she 's got some power !
0	tiffany prices with kay jewelers selection .
1	also , there is a really cute boy with glasses who works there .
0	too much dressing in a salad that did n't even fill the bowl .
1	highly recommend for men and boys of all ages .
0	the river view from the deck was nice , but the smokers were not .
1	great location and great dentist for my baby boy .
0	if i could give it _num_ stars i would .
1	plantains are wonderful as well so do n't be shy with those bad boys .
0	my first visit was to the one in south hills .
1	not even by la z boy .
0	cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza ?
1	they were very quick and did a great job with my boys .
0	today , half the lettuce i had on my caesar salad was rotten .
1	they have great shoes for boys and girls .
0	stay away , there 's nothing here to see .
1	first off , my boy is now _num_ 1/2 .
0	-i split the giant beer battered fish sandwich .
1	$ _num_ for my _num_ year old boy to get a buzz cut .
0	then the ultimate insult : _num_ kids came in selling candy bars .
1	great oyster po boy !
0	instead of _num_ .
1	the boys are fun and great too .
0	lame .
1	the cook recommended to order a cheese calzone , and boy was that good !
0	i have left bleeding twice .
1	these guys are low down little boys !
0	the `` lobster '' was sparse , tough , and flavorless .
1	i had some hot and sour soup and boy it was sour alright !
0	`` every christmas story ever told '' was slow and not that funny .
1	and oh boy , the store is full of wonderful party supplies .
0	i gave the management a heads up , and it was not fixed .
1	thanks to michael and the boys .
0	then the bill came to over $ _num_ .
1	a friend had recommended it , and boy was he right !
0	disappointed but not giving up , we ordered one of each and proceeded .
1	boy , was i in for a disappointment !
0	the ambiance is a little strange .
1	there 's a new boy in town !
0	it was just a bad scene .
1	and boy was it worth it !
0	was told there would be no problem .
1	and boy , it is good !
0	pretty obvious the waitress did n't know the table numbers .
1	i gave them _num_ stars because the boys working there were nice .
0	this place is sad .
1	sorry guys , you really let this southern illinois boy down .
0	self checkout is the only option and is a joke .
1	everyone from the hostess to server to bus boys were extremely nice and inviting .
0	limited menu .
1	as a parent with _num_ little boys this place hits the spot .
0	because i 'm not prepared to pay $ _num_ for a single visit ?
1	brooklyn boys ' alfredo blows this place out of the water !
0	we had dinner tonight and were so disappointed .
1	i take my boys there and they love it !
0	nothing special , it is kmart after all .
1	the birthday boy loved the cake .
0	the reuben and fries were soggy and greasy .
1	we always request angela for our precious boy .
0	no one .
1	what a joke pep boys .
0	the only thing that was efficient was the valet service .
1	very happy that i got to play with big boy toys .
0	the burger is dry and lacks flavor .
1	i got my flowers and boy were they beautiful and super fresh !
0	it does n't even have to be memorable ... just not offensive .
1	low and slow is the way to go boys .
0	talk about a nasty look and attitude .
1	my little boy is obsessed with train , so this is heaven for him .
0	we ate about a quarter of the food & could n't even finish it .
1	especially multiple employees , hostesses , waitresses , and bus boys .
0	even homemade wine and honey soaked cake wo n't bring me back again .
1	he got the po boy sandwich and i got the grilled salmon salad .
0	wrong .
1	stopped by randomly and boy was i surprised !
0	that 's just nasty !
1	a family friend introduced me to this place and boy do i love it !
0	the installers were knowledgeable , friendly and efficient .
1	boy was that a bad idea !
0	horrible .
1	boy was this a poor decision .
0	not the best dinner they have eaten .
1	boy was this the worst mistake i ever made .
0	it 's not even good bacon !
1	boy , was i sorry .
0	i spoke with brian at the desk who was very polite and professional .
1	the po boys are my favorite .
0	awful place , to bad i was looking forward .
1	never have i flown us airlines until today and boy do i regret it .
0	i used to love this place , but the service is horrible now .
1	i would recommend them wholeheartedly , and even big boy seems to like them .
0	the food was cold and everything was flavorless .
1	the bus boy saw this and immediately brought chips ... still no waiter .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	my friend got the po ' boy sandwich .
0	the blond hostess refused .
1	the boys each ordered two slices of pizza and a drink .
0	i got the shrimp and veal and my veal was dry .
1	waited approximately _num_ minutes and boy was it worth it !
0	too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
1	i paid for parking and boy was it worth it !
0	the ice cream technician could only take one order at a time .
1	_num_ more minutes go by , our bus boy comes again to refill waters .
0	she should probably get fired .
1	the little boy who said he was the manager was rude too .
0	it 's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows .
1	my boy ordered the salmon ... ... soooo good !
0	i do n't think i have one good thing to say about this place .
1	boy was i wrong .
0	it less than _num_ minutes to cook both the burgers and fries .
1	crab po ' boy is fantastic .
0	this place is not worth the price !
1	boy o boy was it good !
0	next up , the `` general tso 's bean curd . ''
1	if you like pep boys do n't go to this one .
0	i usually do not like posting negative reviews .
1	boy , were we wrong .
0	they turned no wait off and said they tried to call me .
1	he did not even turn on the tv for our boys until requested .
0	when was the last time you ate chinese food that was cold ?
1	boy , that was a mistake .
0	i sadly had to throw most of it away .
1	came in today with my family of three growing boys .
0	twenty mins to close but was told that the kitchen was closed .
1	i transferred in pittsburgh and boy was it an experience .
0	at noon on a friday i called getaway to place an order for wings .
1	this place is intimate , great for date night with the boy !
0	i was originally told it would take _num_ mins .
1	the boy eddie that works there is so sweet and nice and cute .
0	i also ordered the curry chicken noodle bowl .
1	they love to come by and peak at the boys or talk to them .
0	they brought mussels instead of our mozzarella sticks .
1	boy , was i wrong !
0	this is probably the worst business in carnegie .
1	dean is a little kid with braces trying to do a big boy job .
0	they just keep finding excuses and trying not to be responsible for it .
1	the boy who was serving us was not helpful in the least .
0	so i 'm not sure how much he 'd approve of this bar .
1	i bought wanted brand boys and they 're so comfortable !
0	are we really hungry or really impatient ?
1	plus over _num_ minutes on a simple boys buzzed cut ?
