0	do n't understand the hype .
1	maybe , to try the breakfast everyone seems to enjoy so much .
0	safe to say , i was really upset and disappointed when i left .
1	the free breakfast is not worth it .
0	it 's not a very good longhorn .
1	i bought a breakfast burrito and a vegetable omelet and paid $ _num_ .
0	my friend lives near here so i came to satisfy my deli sandwich craving .
1	it was like getting a shitty breakfast in a local sub dive bar .
0	avoid this tourist trap !
1	and the breakfast is n't very good at all .
0	hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain .
1	they also had stopped serving breakfast for some reason .
0	ravioli , chicken breast , sauteed greens and a seasoned broth .
1	the only really good thing i got there once was their big breakfast .
0	thank you for your horrible customer service i will never be back.
1	i did have breakfast here once before and it was n't this bad .
0	just a poorly laid out store which is showing it 's age .
1	the breakfast burrito was particularly boring .
0	being from la , i was disappointed with the tacos .
1	they do n't even really serve breakfast .
0	the bones are small and barely have any meat on them at all .
1	the service we had was terrible when we went for breakfast one morning .
0	it 's definitely gone downhill .
1	however , the breakfast cost more than $ _num_ and was basically disgusting .
0	employees show no sense of urgency .
1	ok breakfast for the money .
0	she was sooooo rude .
1	the food ( breakfast ) was ok .
0	there 's no day pass .
1	waited _num_ minutes for two breakfast sandwiches .
0	just all around disappointing .
1	it 's like breakfast at most any other diner .
0	last night we ordered take out and it left us disappointed .
1	my husbands breakfast sandwich was cold .
0	despite the cost of the set we had to pay $ _num_ for delivery .
1	i just found the worst breakfast spot in pittsburgh .
0	there 's nothing fast about this fast food .
1	even burger king does n't microwave their breakfast !
0	did n't see too much in particular that i loved about this place .
1	not a cheap breakfast , but not an expensive one where i felt robbed .
0	it 's sad to me that someone would open a coffee shop like this .
1	this restaurant reminds me of cute little hole in the wall breakfast places .
0	out of five orders , only two were done correctly .
1	we 'll indulge in a breakfast burrito every now and then .
0	_num_ .
1	i feel like this is a disgrace to all breakfast restaurant .
0	from the bakery , you walk along a long meat wall .
1	first they got my order wrong ( # _num_ breakfast combo ) .
0	i did n't touch anyone .
1	there was no refrigerator , microwave , or breakfast .
0	_num_ .
1	the boyfriend lives down the street and we went for breakfast today .
0	i really was sold at one point .
1	this has been over a month of getting breakfast .
0	_num_ ) the owner is pushy .
1	just had breakfast this morning ; the food leaves a lot to be desired .
0	this used to be my favorite place uptown .
1	i went in for the cheap breakfast for the first time at noon today .
0	original post written september _num_ - i do n't recommend this company .
1	breakfast plates hardly gave you potatoes and the prices kept climbing .
0	not to mention my allergies were in full effect .
1	breakfast mediocre .
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	if a manager had checked on us i would have sent my breakfast back .
0	the sauce was disappointing .
1	skip this place and try something else at breakfast .
0	what a horrible experience .
1	poor service below average breakfast and how do you even screw up breakfast .
0	not even a ceiling fan in sight .
1	anyway , i stood in line behind one other person to order my breakfast .
0	nails looked nice but only lasted about _num_ and a half days .
1	my breakfast was _num_ % correct .
0	egg roll was sour of all things .
1	a very unimpressive meal today for breakfast .
0	the crab cakes were also bad .
1	i almost just got cold stone for breakfast .
0	it is now grossly over priced .
1	i 've only ever tried breakfast bagel sandwiches .
0	very disappointed with this dry cleaner .
1	i went there and they did not have sausage for my breakfast sandwich .
0	at night it is a nightmare .
1	maybe breakfast is good but ... was n't willing to go back .
0	we were in a hurry because of limited visiting hours .
1	i was thrilled to go and get my oh so favorite breakfast bowl .
0	like i said maybe just an off night but we wo n't be back .
1	the breakfast experience started with two coffees and two waters .
0	the quality was horrible .
1	i ordered breakfast , which was just alright .
0	i was greatly disappointed by this restaurant .
1	ok , way too much for breakfast .
0	but i just can not bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here .
1	in the morning we had breakfast that was not good almost inedible .
0	_num_ sundaes were $ _num_ .
1	very poor breakfast .
0	i was disappointed in the food !
1	my entire breakfast was cold .
0	our greeting at the front desk was awful .
1	this is a breakfast place where people need to head to work .
0	i could n't eat it .
1	i personally do n't like their breakfast buffet .
0	we were ... disappointed .
1	breakfast gets a _num_ , dinner gets a _num_ .
0	there is no excuse .
1	staff are super friendly , free breakfast and evening cocktails and snacks were nice .
0	the food was not prepared well .
1	i 'm just not impressed with their breakfast .
0	we ended up with our glasses 3/4 full and a watered down juice cocktail .
1	breakfast ( mediocre food ) was $ _num_ .
0	i miss the old garden ridge .
1	do not fall for the free breakfast bit .
0	this place is overpriced and the service is not good at all .
1	the breakfast buffet was pretty weak .
0	i ended up buying american tires for the same price elsewhere .
1	so the room was a disappointment and the breakfast was n't a lot better .
0	the chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot .
1	the breakfast was gross .
0	and the women 's locker room was nasty .
1	a breakfast sandwich had weird burnt meat on it .
0	i will not be going back .
1	why does this place get voted best breakfast ?
0	it reflects poorly on the entire hotel .
1	but i would not go there for breakfast .
0	overall not the way a restaurant should be run .
1	this has been one of our favorite breakfast places for years .
0	_num_ .
1	my friend ordered a breakfast dish and it was terrible .
0	overall , not impressed .
1	halls were dirty , breakfast sucked .
0	i have never visited a store with such a bad staff .
1	trust me , you can find a better breakfast or lunch place .
0	a good family dollar this is not !
1	we had a cold hard breakfast , and restroom use was hardly allowed .
0	drinks are not made properly and the draft beer was warm .
1	we simply ordered _num_ bagels , coffee and tea for breakfast .
0	anyway , the food was not very good .
1	but seriously _num_ min for a slice of quiche and a breakfast sandwich ?
0	the sign says it , the looks of this place are not the best .
1	as a breakfast option : not fresh , low fruit selection , expensive .
0	the shrimp were $ _num_ a piece .
1	i 've eaten here twice for breakfast .
0	i was really excited to hear that they had smoked salmon .
1	the breakfast bar is lame .
0	decor and service were just fine , no issues there .
1	cheesecake factory does some things well but breakfast is n't one of them .
0	not sure what all the hype is about .
1	overall , probably wont be back for breakfast .
0	its just sooo unprofessional and annoying .
1	the complementary breakfast is not good .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	how hard is it to screw up breakfast ?
0	maybe they had a bad day .
1	coffee at the breakfast buffet tastes like it was out of said toilet .
0	this place has the worst service i have ever seen .
1	i 've been there for breakfast and lunch and it 's ok .
0	- mushroom pasta : again quite rich and salty .
1	they did not have complimentary breakfast anywhere i could see .
0	oh , but wait until i got my bill !
1	but my breakfasts made at home kill over what we got .
0	wo n't be back .
1	i ordered the bagel breakfast , which sounded great , but beware !
0	i had two dogs , fries , and a coke for lunch .
1	stopped for breakfast while my wife was in the hospital .
0	i mean , so so bad .
1	( _num_ ) free breakfast but there is no mixing it up ... ... .
0	it tasted like hot chocolate .
1	the breakfast area was incredibly crowded .
0	i called to complain and they hung up on me .
1	hubs and i stopped for breakfast .
0	_num_ stars .
1	they are not concerned with quality of courtesy services ie shuttle and breakfast .
0	_num_ .
1	breakfast however is entirely different .
0	it was terrible waiting in line , but it moved quickly .
1	breakfast was good .
0	no thanks .
1	the pillows were appalling and there was no complimentary breakfast and no refrigerator .
0	the sides left much to be desired .
1	had breakfast and was very disappointed .
0	the food was bad .
1	my food was not good- i ordered the breakfast enchilada .
0	i 'm really torn by this review .
1	they lost my breakfast business that day .
0	the pasta with chicken was about the best from the trio .
1	i went to the deli area to get breakfast .
0	_num_ .
1	when it was time to get up the breakfast food was bad .
0	bad planning and execution ?
1	the breakfast food selection was poor .
0	try their calamari over angel hair yum !
1	i do n't know how one gets breakfast to have no taste .
0	no one was at the door to greet me .
1	it is just your local breakfast place with food options under $ _num_ .
0	the drop off process for returning your cable box is ridiculous .
1	we were sat and started looking at the menu but realized everything was breakfast .
0	why would anyone even pay for such lousy food ?
1	the dining room breakfast was served in was tacky and the coffee awful .
0	_num_ the bread .
1	breakfast is very low quality .
0	i interacted with staff to get help with a machine that was n't working .
1	i came here with a group of _num_ on saturday morning for breakfast .
0	dry rice , no flavor , greasy .
1	the breakfasts are not bad , but again its volume rather than quality .
0	after sitting there and being ignored for _num_ minutes we just left !
1	breakfast options in the immediate area are almost nonexistent .
0	the omelet was uninspired .
1	for breakfast so how could we go wrong ?
0	the pasta was mushy -- way overcooked .
1	same goes for milk , cold cuts and breakfast meat products .
0	the chicken piccata was flavorful , but not as expected .
1	bad coffee and terrible breakfast .
0	previous reviews have said it well : lackluster , tasteless food .
1	breakfast was crappy and there are always shady people in the parking lot .
0	waitresses were overwhelmed and avoided us .
1	the next day ... there was hardly any food for breakfast .
0	needless to say we wo n't be back !
1	the waffles at the best western complimentary breakfast beat the pants off this one .
0	Neutral
1	so clearly lil off there ... other then that we order common breakfast .
0	not a call , not the estimate , nothing .
1	may be this is some breakfast joint and i 'll get me some grits .
0	so we again go off in search of someone to help .
1	a dog was led through the atrium during breakfast .
0	she then rings me up .
1	it tasted like a nursing home breakfast .
0	worst customer service at this place .
1	did n't dare even try the free breakfast .
0	i made a change in frames less than _num_ hours from original order .
1	it is not a relaxing place to eat breakfast .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	breakfast buffet -- $ _num_ for adults and $ _num_ for kids .
0	every single time i go through the drive-thru i do n't get a straw .
1	none of them charge d for breakfast .
0	awful place with rude people .
1	i could probably get better breakfast somewhere else .
0	for that reason , i ca n't give this place less than two stars .
1	i 'd rather cook my own breakfast than eat here .
0	bottom line : not terrible , but very underwhelmed by the coffee and service .
1	not bad of a hotel location , great breakfast .
0	there are fruit flies hovering around our table too .
1	it took another _num_ plus minutes beyond that for us to get our breakfast .
0	the worst american version of italian food .
1	i went with lunch during breakfast time .
0	that was the worst meat that i have seen since junior high school .
1	the continental breakfast was ok but a little lackluster .
0	the bathroom was gross .
1	there were not enough seats at breakfast - almost every morning .
0	there are much better italian restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	had breakfast of eggs , ham and `` home fries . ''
0	nothing special .
1	this is definitely not my favorite place for breakfast .
0	it was pasta , after all , one small serving of each .
1	went here this morning not really craving breakfast .
0	no upgrades .
1	the breakfast i received was barely room temperature .
0	she was unprofessional and downright nasty .
1	a breakfast place that has been in the area a long time .
0	overall rating - just an ok .
1	stopped in for breakfast on sunday .
0	for the price of everything , it was not worth it all .
1	go to the original pancake house about _num_ minutes away for a better breakfast .
0	it is just way too expensive to live like in a trailer park .
1	breakfast was n't anything to look forward to .
0	no parking = no visit from me .
1	this used to be our favorite breakfast place .
0	the haircut was mediocre , but the highlights were much worse .
1	the breakfast was weak .
0	they are apparently saying i cant cancel a custom order .
1	the whole tab was like $ _num_ for the worst breakfast this summer .
0	they also cut back bus services and lay off all these bus drivers .
1	it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ?
0	but i am not rushing back .
1	we ate breakfast and then headed back to the gate at _num_ .
0	so not cool steelers !
1	at best , less than mediocre breakfast .
0	the sandwich was just gross .
1	skip the complimentary breakfast as the choices are slim and offerings looked old .
0	$ _num_ credit card minimum .
1	this used to be one of our favorite breakfast spots .
0	my daughter ordered the fettuccine alfredo and it was quite bland .
1	i suspect it would be really delicious cold , for breakfast .
0	the waitstaff saw what was happening and did n't care at all .
1	so , i came to the diner having already eaten a light breakfast .
0	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
1	stopped in here after breakfast at denny 's next door .
0	i 'm certain they notice , they just do n't care .
1	once we were seated , we were rushed through our breakfast .
0	* the owner failed to mention the pita bread was extra .
1	breakfast was free , but nothing special .
0	nor is there any hint of a true thai taste .
1	_num_ minutes to get _num_ breakfast sandwiches .
0	the food came quick but no potato soup .
1	we woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place .
0	it just is n't for me .
1	breakfast is cheap , and definitely very poor quality .
0	i ca n't even rate this place !
1	breakfast was bacon , eggs , pancake .
0	i would n't go back .
1	do not stay here unless breakfast is your only concern .
0	the place is crowded and cramped too , but not unpleasant .
1	so , to anyone reading this , i would look for another breakfast option .
0	that was a little awkward though .
1	the continental breakfast food did n't look good so i opted to eat elsewhere .
0	i am disappointed .
1	i ordered a croissant breakfast sandwich - no ham , and a medium coffee .
0	once again we leave this place unhappy and dissatisfied .
1	worst breakfast burrito and coffee i 've ever had .
0	he cried constantly when i left his sight .
1	went before a ball game for a late breakfast .
0	_num_ minute wait for fast food ?
1	room size and cleanliness were acceptable and so was was the continental breakfast .
0	whoever gave this place _num_ or five stars must be out of their minds .
1	_num_ minutes to get breakfast .
0	there are a few of them and there 's really nowhere else to go .
1	well , the new breakfast menu is nothing like that .
0	bland reheated samosas .
1	for breakfast this morning cold pancakes .
0	poor excuse for a gentleman 's store .
1	after a good wait , we find out breakfast ends at 11am .
0	there were no other veggies or anything .
1	worst breakfast i have ever had .
0	the building we stayed in was not full .
1	wo n't go back - there are better breakfast places in ahwatukee .
0	ca n't comment on food since i was just in for beers .
1	the front desk staff were very courteous and the coffee and breakfast was acceptable .
0	the chicken was slimy and not many pieces at that .
1	we were having breakfast and a server recognized my friend from past visits .
0	_num_ .
1	the breakfast is especially good with the chicken fried steak being my personal favorite .
0	service was the only redeeming quality .
1	breakfast was not worth the time or money ( free ) .
0	there was absolutely no care or thought put into this salad .
1	certainly , there are better places for breakfast .
0	there are too many decent pizza delivery places around to settle for this .
1	no , we just stopped serving breakfast .
0	i asked if it was out for delivery and she could n't tell me .
1	the breakfast sucks the market has nothing the fitness center has two crappy machines .
0	neither the brown sugar bacon and beef nor the blt had much bacon .
1	then she charged me for the steak breakfast plus an ala carte chicken breast !
0	this place is n't worth going to an atm for .
1	my wife and i came here for breakfast and it was unbelievably bad .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	this used to be my favorite breakfast place but something has changed .
0	the underwhelming : the french onion soup was not hot .
1	the only thing that 's even halfway decent here is breakfast .
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	the once $ _num_ breakfast biscuits are now $ _num_ .
0	the issue was how grossly understaffed they were .
1	we 'll be enjoying breakfast elsewhere in the future .
0	after that i would say sprint is the 5th worst .
1	so i called for takeout breakfast .
0	crappy hostess for sure .
1	we ordered the full sized breakfast burritos with cheddar and black forest bacon .
0	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
1	stopped for breakfast burrito and a cup of coffee .
0	this is a pretty big hotel , so that is ridiculous .
1	the free breakfast is as bad as it gets .
0	just in the way it is laid out and with the choices .
1	also , garbage was overflowing in the breakfast area .
0	i usually get the steak salad which used to be good .
1	waited _num_ minutes for basic breakfast .
0	this place makes you feel unwelcome and dumb .
1	the food served for breakfast was inedible .
0	there was a long line and only one employee at the checkout .
1	cheap breakfast that is mediocre .
0	the food was unremarkable .
1	i 'll be back , but not for breakfast .
0	we have stayed in westin hotels all over the country .
1	i ordered two breakfast sandwiches and waited almost _num_ minutes .
0	horrible , rude service .
1	worst place i 've ever stopped for breakfast in my life .
0	it 's not what i was looking for , but thank you '' .
1	as one of the reviewers mentioned the breakfast was very oily .
0	basically , this was the worst roll i could imagine .
1	stop for breakfast this morning the portions were good the quality was not there .
0	very disappointed .
1	i really did n't care for the breakfast steak biscuits .
0	sales person treated me like i was a very inexperienced .
1	try the breakfast club across the street .
0	overall , very disappointed .
1	i fed my whole family breakfast ( _num_ of us ) for $ _num_ .
0	naturally , i get an automatic voicemail .
1	no breakfast served because the food never arrived !
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	not the best but wanted breakfast and had a coupon for the family .
0	last i had the vegetarian curry dish , the only vegetarian main i found .
1	this is was far from a hot breakfast if you ask me .
0	my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick .
1	breakfast selection limited compared to most hotels .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	breakfast was pathetic .
0	ok italian food , portions are big , but you pay for them .
1	and let me just say breakfast is not their strong point .
0	not the drivers fault .
1	i highly recommend you skip wendy 's for breakfast .
0	i could n't believe they tried to pass that off as a steak .
1	i was grabbing breakfast for me .
0	plus i think i found a fry or two with the vegetables .
1	my wife chose a bean , egg , and cheese , breakfast burrito .
0	fuck that i do n't need to be disrespected like that .
1	puff pastry , eggs , and marinara for breakfast ?
