0	everytime i eat at this location i end up with a sick stomach .
1	we ordered tacos and a burrito which were both bland and disappointing .
0	on most visits it takes em about _num_ minutes .
1	seriously an $ _num_ something burrito no cilantro nor onions ?
0	worst bar i have ever been to .
1	chorizo and egg burrito was very greasy .
0	customer service is poor .
1	the beef in the burrito tasted like school cafeteria stew .
0	i am paying almost _num_ bucks for this sub .
1	the was n't even enough chicken in the burrito to make a taco .
0	the sandwich left something to be desired .
1	when you order a chicken burrito , thats really all you get .
0	there is no lobby to hold people before a show .
1	my burrito had hardly any beans and a ridiculous amount of fried egg whites .
0	some good some bad .
1	the burrito was one of the worst burritos i 've had .
0	i made reservations for _num_ pm on a friday .
1	the carne asada burrito was horrible .
0	i think lidia & grandma would be appalled !
1	mom had a ground turkey burrito and asked me where the turkey was .
0	she refused .
1	i ordered the california burrito and it was very bland and not very tasty .
0	in fact , it was awful .
1	when the burrito arrived , i asked where is the soup .
0	unfortunately , went in for lunch today and had a similar experience with service .
1	there has been rock hard black stuff in my burritos .
0	selection of veggies are ok .
1	we 'll indulge in a breakfast burrito every now and then .
0	spend your money somewhere else .
1	the only thing pleasant about this burrito was the hot sauce .
0	bingo , could n't have said it better .
1	burritos : chicken inside was excellent .
0	luckily we had a fabulous dinner at another restaurant instead .
1	my boyfriend was disappointed with his burrito too .
0	i will not recommended anyone to ever come here .
1	i wanted rice in my burrito and they left it out .
0	i also came in many times before and the employees never helped me .
1	had a burrito , but it was n't very good .
0	i only returned because i was getting my dog groomed at the nearby petco .
1	after _num_ hours i received my breakfast burrito ( they forgot the salsa ) .
0	i gave this place two tries and was disappointed both times .
1	easily the worst breakfast burrito i 've ever had .
0	could not have been more patronizing .
1	i ordered _num_ burritos .
0	if your not a chain smoker , opt for takeout .
1	chicken `` works '' giant burrito .
0	it should n't have take an hour to do it anyway .
1	ordered a beef burrito and had no beef in it .
0	i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
1	to just try something , i went with the carne asada burrito .
0	i would not recommend the spring rolls they are kinda bland .
1	i stopped going here the second time i got an incorrectly rolled burrito .
0	ca n't beat it .
1	while i waited _num_ min for my burrito , i saw _num_ major issues .
0	the filling in the middle had a bland taste , nothing special about it .
1	the burrito again was good but nothing special .
0	ordered a grilled chicken salad , take out .
1	ordered the chicken burrito is was _num_ dollars , not including a drink .
0	i wish they did n't put fried batter all over it though .
1	the burrito itself was just ok .
0	my girlfriend had a similarly bland meal .
1	wrong effing burrito !
0	ca n't wait to cancel service .
1	the lady behind the counter asked what kind of burrito i wanted .
0	the sandwich itself was , well , mediocre at best .
1	my friend 's burrito looked nothing like the photo .
0	the savory crepes were better than the sweet crepes which were a disappointment .
1	being from california , i 'm offended that they call this a california burrito !
0	all right , now i 'm really done .
1	one burrito and a grilled chicken salad .
0	its ridiculous and the policy needs to be changed asap .
1	i do n't get it , it was n't a very good burrito .
0	the bread was the worst part .
1	my burrito tasted like onion soup .
0	was told there would be no problem .
1	but our burritos were not great .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	alot of money for a bean burrito .
0	it rather looks like a deli counter .
1	we waited _num_ - _num_ mins for _num_ burritos !
0	the drive through service here leaves something to be desired .
1	it was hands-down the worst carnitas burrito i 've ever had in my life .
0	their orange juice is never too tart , never too sweet .
1	the burrito was surprisingly small .
0	not worth the time and money to go here .
1	always glad to find a quick burrito place for those occasional cravings .
0	really bad .
1	before the bean burritos were the best here for really cheap .
0	never had problem at other locations .
1	my husband had a burrito that no amount of salsa could help .
0	no salad .
1	they tend to always put way too many raw onions in the burritos .
0	you will only get frustrated with the slow as hell service .
1	that was one of the worst burritos i have ever , ever had .
0	they are incredibly slow and ridiculously over priced .
1	no sour cream on my burrito as ordered but we 'll move on .
0	nothing updated , nothing new , nothing fresh .
1	where was the california burrito that i had ordered ?
0	it was bad ... the you ca n't drink it kind of bad .
1	i guess an ultimate sausage burrito does n't come with sausage .
0	i got the beef , the chicken & cilantro and the spinach empanadas .
1	food was ok the burritos come with just meat nothing else .
0	they also have a wind problem every time the front door is open .
1	i had a chicken burrito that was filled with bland rice and tasteless chicken .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	burnt meat on _num_ tacos and a burrito .
0	they know they sell out before _num_ and they only open at _num_ !
1	i should have gotten a breakfast burrito and immediately gone home .
0	the `` ambiance '' is loud , dark , dingy and depressing .
1	i order a chicken burrito with fundido and verde sauce .
0	the high prices and poor treatment do n't add up .
1	i ordered a california burrito , for almost $ _num_ .
0	but when it does , you bend over backwards to make it right .
1	more like mediocre burrito !
0	i warn you dear pirates -- it wo n't be pretty .
1	same for the chicken burritos , not much flavor .
0	as it were , i was n't impressed .
1	the machaca burrito was made using ground beef with spices .
0	you do n't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that .
1	stopped for breakfast burrito and a cup of coffee .
0	staff was overwhelmed , they tried , but to no avail .
1	he ordered his usual chicken burrito and could n't even finish it .
0	the variety of sauces is what gets me to come back .
1	there was only one good thing about the burrito , the tortilla was fresh .
0	no more tries here .
1	not only that but there are _num_ bites of this incredible cheese burrito !
0	i would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat .
1	there was a lot of profit in that little burrito .
0	there are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money .
1	different number of tacos , wrong sauces on burritos , etc .
0	place is ok but a little uncomfortable .
1	sloppy burrito fold gooey cheese processed beans .
0	then , they did n't even do anything to make it up to me .
1	pale and tasteless , the burrito was very disappointing .
0	the owner was sitting right there and did n't do anything or say anything .
1	the shrimp burrito did it to me , awful !
0	i woke up with a stuffy nose and in need of some hot soup .
1	$ _num_ for a tiny burrito .
0	our waitress was very polite , though .
1	the breakfast burrito was particularly boring .
0	ugh .
1	strange menu : pasta , but no burritos .
0	the service is really spotty too .
1	this turned out to be a good thing since the burrito was awful .
0	anyway , i 'm never going back here .
1	_num_ for one burrito , and the customer service was horrible !
0	the good : the ladies who run the registers are personable and helpful .
1	you barely get the _num_ stars because the burrito was good .
0	no thanks .
1	no fries , no cali burrito .
0	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
1	$ _num_ for the burritos and _num_ bottled waters .
0	cheap , average diner food .
1	we also ordered the burrito w/ carne asada and it was nearly inedible .
0	husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce .
1	you 're _num_ % not the only burrito in central phoenix .
0	we also waited over _num_ minutes before someone even took our order .
1	the burritos were falling apart as clients were eating them and felt really bad .
0	if i could give negative star rating i would .
1	avoided the entire middle of my burrito .
0	we 've had too many problems to list all of them .
1	boyfriend got a breakfast burrito , i got a shredded beef burrito .
0	wait , ceasar salad was ok !
1	a simple bean and cheese burrito was $ _num_ .
0	what a complete waste .
1	i ordered my usual chile relleno burrito .
0	there are better places in pittsburgh to get a burger and fries .
1	bean and cheese burrito was awful .
0	it was n't the cut .
1	for the main course , we ordered some grilled veggie burritos enchilada style .
0	the service was okay , they were really nice and never rude .
1	i got a bean burrito with sour cream and a large horchata .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	what part of `` grilled veggie burrito '' is supposed to have cold vegetables ?
0	i do n't know if they hate working there or hate serving people .
1	i had a carne asada burrito that was dry and _num_ % tortilla .
0	did not like it .
1	a nice green chili burrito sounded just right for 9am .
0	plus , _num_ of the new tires went flat within _num_ weeks .
1	burrito not worth the price .
0	however , the service we experienced was terrible .
1	i ordered a bean and cheese burrito for $ _num_ .
0	terribly salty `` lobster roll '' on greasy bread .
1	$ _num_ for my veggie burrito !
0	the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay .
1	this was the worst carne asada burrito i 've had ever !
0	they apparently do n't care about your time or money .
1	overall the worst burrito ever !
0	very visible and inappropriate .
1	maybe try a burrito instead ?
0	i wish i could give them _num_ stars ... total waste of money .
1	skip the free burrito and head to baja fresh for a way better meal .
0	... another one bites the dust !
1	i ordered a burrito with chorizo and it was very bland .
0	we called again and he said that they could n't find our car keys .
1	so i did a drive-thru order for a chicken chimichanga burrito .
0	if i wanted them in _num_ days i would have paid $ _num_ less !
1	she also `` overcharged for burrito and never delivered an ordered side dish .
0	not good .
1	my kids love it here but they only eat bean burritos .
0	everything else we had sucked .
1	the burrito was almost flat ... almost nothing inside .
0	it 's all crap .
1	i used the chipotle app on my iphone to order two burritos .
0	i usually only stop there if i 'm already at tend waterfront .
1	a lettuce burrito to chase a sour cream burrito !
0	the biggest disappointment was the veal chop .
1	i did n't touch the nacho cheese coated burritos .
0	try their calamari over angel hair yum !
1	i got a fajita burrito and the peppers and onions were boiled .
0	no one has gotten back to me yet .
1	i ordered a veggie burrito with a side of fruit and some salsa .
0	ick !
1	i also tried the shrimp burro ... aka a big shrimp burrito .
0	not impressed .
1	the burrito was luke warm and had no smell to it ?
0	absolutely a waste of time and money .
1	so there went the idea of a burrito , a tostada .
0	i was then transferred to housekeeping where i was constantly sent to a voicemail .
1	try burrito company instead .
0	for $ _num_ with the owner .
1	almost $ _num_ bucks for a carne asada burrito ?
0	the only seasoning available are salt , pepper , hot sauce , & ketchup .
1	ca n't even get a bean and cheese burrito done properly .
0	so incredibly frustrating !
1	my burritos were boring and tasteless .
0	so far really slow food service .
1	i ordered a spicy chicken burrito that was blech !
0	service remained poor .
1	this burrito did n't do the job for me .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	secondly , i was served a burrito with flavorless meat .
0	i am just hoping that i do n't get food poisoning later tonight .
1	they charge for chips and sauce on top of the burrito .
0	i had to leave without my order after _num_ minutes .
1	i 'm not crazy about the blue burrito grill .
0	the store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere .
1	chicken quesadilla and an arizona burrito took _num_ minutes .
0	nothing i had tasted good .
1	ordered a _num_ sauce chicken burrito without onions and peppers .
0	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
1	i was eating my shrimp burrito , which was delicious .
0	there was no one filling up water .
1	was i wrong to expect that a veggie burrito would contain veggies ?
0	will not be going back ever .
1	the burrito was just veggies folded into a burrito .
0	thai gourmet a few blocks down is awesome ... too bad they were closed .
1	my veggie burrito came out quickly and steaming hot .
0	my dad would always take me to this place when i was little .
1	we ordered a chimichanga with red chili and a smothered chicken burrito .
0	simply awful .
1	i ordered a chorizo , egg , potato & bean burrito .
0	it was around 11:30 and the restaurant was mostly empty .
1	sit down to my beef burrito and it 's , ummm , disgusting .
0	the food , however , was disappointing .
1	well , i get the burrito and taco and head home .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	last time for example , i got a chicken burrito and added sour cream .
0	granted , i like to host social events .
1	not sure why but did not remember paying for a color changing burrito .
0	even worse , no seasoning whatsoever .
1	the wet steak burrito was probably the best thing we ordered .
0	_num_ .
1	home of the ten dollar burrito ?
0	for a $ _num_ meal each , not great .
1	the seafood inside of the burrito was not really seafood at all .
0	they changed it without notice , i 'm a little bitter .
1	my hispanic food passion of late is a guacamole burrito .
0	the lighting was poor .
1	a veggie burrito for example is _num_ calories .
0	what i got was dry and totally tasteless .
1	the fajita extreme burrito fell apart at one end after the second bite .
0	Positive
1	the food is no better then the other burrito places in uptown .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	a sour cream burrito !
0	i poured my own wine refills .
1	next time , i 'll keep walking to johnny burritos .
0	long lines , overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait .
1	a few days later we returned for breakfast burritos .
0	i have left bleeding twice .
1	had been craving a carne asada burrito .
0	the bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion .
1	worst breakfast burrito and coffee i 've ever had .
0	i should n't have to ask for napkins at the point of need .
1	sorry burrito shack , i wo n't be coming back .
0	actually just had an awful experience with a manager named chris .
1	one of the worst burritos i 've ever had in my life .
0	they do n't care about anyone .
1	one star , just because the burrito had a bit of heat and flavor .
0	i have never been treated so badly as a consumer .
1	my breakfast burrito tasted like nothing and a our food was cold .
0	i sat in the little snack area and drank it .
1	that 's right , my burrito had no flavor .
0	i do n't get this place .
1	more like a mexican burrito than chinese .
0	one word ; gross .
1	i ordered an asada arizona burrito and a quesadilla .
0	this has never happened before and it took me off guard .
1	my veggie burrito was almost $ _num_ and not very appetizing .
0	this restaurant is horrible .
1	i had plans for the remains of the burrito i should have gotten .
0	it looked like one of those service elevators that the public never sees .
1	we ordered the full sized breakfast burritos with cheddar and black forest bacon .
0	false advertising on patio furniture .
1	enchilada poblano and a grande burrito .
0	food is really , really average .
1	the bacon in my burrito was raw for starters .
0	i ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server .
1	always got the chicken , either in burrito or bowl .
0	for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags !
1	my husband got a regular chicken burrito .
0	food is terrible so is customer service .
1	i ordered a seafood burrito and a bowl of chicken tortilla soup .
0	we were disappointed with our entrees .
1	when i see my burrito all it consisted of was literally beef and rice !
0	owners should know how they are being represented at the front register .
1	she walked the slip to the cook and described the burrito .
0	my reuben sandwich was just okay .
1	i do n't understand how hard it is to make this burrito ... .
0	they do not care about animals , at all .
1	i had ordered the veggie burrito , which was absolutely awful .
0	when the bill comes , it is _num_ dollars .
1	gigantic burrito was not very good .
0	it was very noisy and i do not recommend for kids .
1	ordered a asada burrito with no beans substitute for rice .
0	worst experience .
1	his chicken burrito did have a couple bones in it .
0	needless to say i was extremely disappointed .
1	the shrimp burrito had very few small shrimp in it .
0	good food , but i wo n't be in a hurry to go back .
1	the machaca breakfast burrito was pure mush .
0	needless to say , we never returned .
1	worst burritos ever .
0	no heavy lifting no reason for my nails to be breaking left and right .
1	the burritos here look like taquitos , small and skinny , with open ends .
0	want to sit in the bar area ?
1	veggie burrito was ok.
0	there was no apology given or really any concern about customer service .
1	the replacement burrito tastes slightly better than the first but not by much .
0	but i 'm really disappointed .
1	i ordered asada burrito with beef .
0	it is too bad i ca n't give this zero stars .
1	i bought a breakfast burrito and a vegetable omelet and paid $ _num_ .
0	why did n't i get paid then ?
1	simply put , the steak in my burrito bowl was grossly undercooked .
0	the food took way too long as well and was only lukewarm .
1	the burrito should have been called a onion burrito with shrimp .
0	i am giving it _num_ stars only because the manager was nice .
1	but the red chile burritos are beef and not pork .
0	missed opportunity .
1	they even messed up a veggie burrito .
0	no soup for me apparently .
1	i stopped in during lunch and ordered a steak burrito with guacamole to go .
0	just my experience , but come on people , really ?
1	who can mess up a burrito .
0	no bueno and no thank you !
1	chorizo burrito added bacon and potatoes .
0	and while you 're eating too ... it 's so disgusting .
1	the burrito is wet , and tasteless .
0	i booked _num_ style appointments in advance for a wedding .
1	my husband ordered a bean burrito with cheese and i had the bean dip .
0	the character of the place was great but could use a little tlc .
1	a boring bean burrito is _num_ dollars !
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	tacos are _num_ each , burritos are _num_ each .
0	why be in the service business if you have a bad attitude ?
1	to never forget how big our burrito is .
0	in this case , never .
1	i had the shredded beef burrito it tasted good nothing special about it whatsoever .
0	i woke up with bed bug bites all over my body !
1	if you want a bean burrito definitely do not order the sierra mixed burrito .
0	this used to be one of our favorite restaurants .
1	i think chipotle , qdoba , and fiesta burrito are a lot better .
0	it was frustrating .
1	but this burrito was practically swimming with it .
0	when we showed up , it was like i 'd never called .
1	apparently `` smothered '' burritos actually means fucking coated with nacho cheese .
0	_num_ .
1	after all , it is hard to screw up an egg and potato burrito .
0	$ _num_ for a red bull and vodka ?
1	my burrito was ok.
0	i have been a steelers fan as long as i can remember .
1	for $ _num_ my burrito better be good , huge or both .
0	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
1	chicken had fat on each piece and bean burrito was tasteless .
0	waitress wiped off table and pushed crumbs into my lap .
1	i ordered the veggie burrito with no cheese .
0	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
1	my wife chose a bean , egg , and cheese , breakfast burrito .
0	somewhat slow service and somewhat overpriced .
1	sub par at best , go to any of the other big burrito restaurants .
0	would have rather spent $ _num_ elsewhere .
1	ordered a chicken taco , beef taco , tostada , bean burrito , chips .
0	if zero was an option that is what i would rate them !
1	the catered food was a lot better than my burrito .
0	but then i had to wait more than _num_ minutes to get my food .
1	if there was a burrito on the plate she did n't know what kind .
0	else , you will find better value and experience elsewhere .
1	um burrito or taco ?
