0	it had no flavor whatsoever .
1	we started w crab cakes , lobster bisque , and salads .
0	friends warned me not to eat here .
1	lots of pastries and cakes , but nothing spectacular .
0	the bride chose a dress hoping it would look better in a smaller size .
1	there was nothing `` cake '' about this pancake at all .
0	i will never go back to that place again .
1	my friend said the cake tasted like deli meat to her .
0	if answer is yes , then maybe this place is for you .
1	last year , the cake was dry .
0	a very frustrating moment indeed .
1	the cake is pretty good- moist fresh .
0	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
1	stop and pick up a delicious cake !
0	_num_ .
1	cake i ordered tasted so bad that i threw it away .
0	horrible customer service .
1	the crab cakes were so disgusting my husband and i had to switch meals .
0	this is where i get a serious case of the sad .
1	another companion got the german chocolate cake which was also dry .
0	the steak was overcooked .
1	mediocre cake at _num_ star prices .
0	but for a few seconds , water completely stops .
1	whats wrong with that cake ?
0	they did not have many items .
1	the only i ate was german pan cakes !
0	for dinner , not that great .
1	i tried the fried oyster salad and there was two crab cakes ordered .
0	i wo n't be going back , just because my personal taste .
1	they said they had an appointment to taste wedding cakes .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	lobster and potato cakes could have been better - too salty imo .
0	horrible experience .
1	fair warning to all - do not order the cannoli cake !
0	service was slow but they were nice about it .
1	i love chocolate and that cake was $ _num_ ( tax ) .
0	luckily we had a fabulous dinner at another restaurant instead .
1	swordfish was overcooked , lamb was bland and the lemon cake was dry .
0	for the price of everything , it was not worth it all .
1	the dessert , like cakes , was just too sweet and heavy ... .
0	very disappointed in our delivery order this evening .
1	stay away from the red velvet cake nasty !
0	the shrimp sauce was very thick and not that flavorful .
1	if you want a specialty cake make , do not use this bakery .
0	but its definitely not worth the money .
1	the cake came out beautifully , and was delicious !
0	dirty and slow .
1	well i paid $ _num_ for small _num_ '' round cake .
0	i would not recommend going to this best buy location .
1	not best cake in america by a long shot .
0	first off , i like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible .
1	now the check comes , no apologies , no birthday cake , no satisfaction .
0	so why not actually make a decent public transportation system ?
1	now , the crab cakes were good .
0	the service is rather incompetent .
1	we started with crab cakes that were bland .
0	i will remember to never return while i 'm in pittsburgh .
1	ruined my birthday cake .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	the cake was a little try , but not too bad .
0	no ... these bagels are about the same you would get anywhere .
1	i could have had nothing but cake for brunch that day .
0	however , it all went down hill from there .
1	tonight really was the icing on the cake .
0	no thanks .
1	even homemade wine and honey soaked cake wo n't bring me back again .
0	the service however , left much to be desired .
1	we ordered the crab cakes , they were good , but not amazing .
0	sadly , they prepared kung pao beef instead .
1	disappointing cakes .
0	i really could n't believe this .
1	the chocolate cake was unremarkable .
0	that is $ _num_ month from august to march .
1	i was assured there were no issues and the cake would be ready .
0	this place was horrible .
1	i had filet and crab cake and it was delicious .
0	asked to have it reheated , still came back cold .
1	the dessert service was just as bad and the cake was horrible .
0	in fact , i could n't finish it .
1	we got the crab cakes which were only mediocre .
0	they can not even cook edamame , it was undercooked and cold .
1	maybe i just got an old cake , i do n't know .
0	even worse , no seasoning whatsoever .
1	their cakes and other deserts are utterly amazing .
0	this place sucks .
1	we also had a side of mac and cheese and the lump crab cake .
0	i am not holding my breath here .
1	even the desserts , carrot cake , one of my favs was totally dry .
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	this tasted like a boxed cake mix with frosting from the can .
0	i will never place an order for me & my coworkers again .
1	we got the chocolate cake and cheesecake bites for desert .
0	no bueno .
1	but for now , skip the cake !
0	the other staff were horrible !
1	also ordered the spinach cakes from the app menu .
0	description said grain mustard cole slaw and pickles .
1	not really cake at all .
0	if i could give negative stars , i would .
1	crab cakes reminded me of potato pancakes .
0	the only thing that saved the evening from disaster were our server and busser .
1	was n't even good pound cake .
0	nothing special just around average !
1	do n't eat the desert cake .
0	when our food came though , everything was below average .
1	they managed and served the most mediocre crab cake i have ever had .
0	he can not get the shape right to save his life .
1	the crab cakes were definitely frozen , and not made from blue crab .
0	shortly after , another lady comes over .
1	charging $ _num_ for a $ _num_ cake is outrageous !
0	when i say they messed up one of our pants , they destroyed it .
1	i got a piece of cake , but was horribly disappointed .
0	the menu is n't extensive , so keep in mind your options are limited .
1	wrong cake , wrong color .
0	they were frozen and certainly not worth the price .
1	all three of us got the cheese cake for dessert .
0	there probably wo n't be a wait !
1	their potato cakes are not good anymore .
0	_num_ minutes later , she finally brought it back for me to sign .
1	his second choice is the chocolate chip coffee cake .
0	hotel restaurants are just awful !
1	the deserts were just ok - dry chocolate cake and decent baklava .
0	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
1	cake dry boring i dont believe it was home made .
0	service -- - probably the worst service i 've ever had there .
1	the ice cream cake we just purchased was horrible !
0	absolutely horrible way to treat a customer when they were the ones in error .
1	the cakes here are so creative too !
0	i talked to him for _num_ minutes and he was polite and friendly .
1	oh yea , you have to try the chocolate cake !
0	do not eat the pastries !
1	i was shocked to see the same decorations on cakes and cupcakes .
0	if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating .
1	that tall white thing we saw was a vanilla cake , not the cheesecake .
0	for the main course , i selected the gnocchi and grilled sausage .
1	i even had a coupon for $ _num_ off a cake .
0	i only go in to buy six packs .
1	but you ca n't mess up _num_ layer chocolate cake for dessert , right ?
0	over time i 've been ignored , greeted with `` what do you want ?
1	they also gave fantastic carrot cake and cheese cakes .
0	needless to say i have n't been back but would recommend in a jam .
1	it was the first time i saw my boyfriend not finish chocolate cake .
0	the service is not only poor , but the staff are rude .
1	the carrot cake was very dense and too sweet for my taste .
0	i substituted steamed rice for the fried rice .
1	i have witnessed same manager return a cake only _num_ slices left .
0	there are many choices in charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one .
1	they have very cute cupcakes and themed cakes for holidays as well .
0	nothing special .
1	i was so embarrassed watching my friends struggling to pretend that they liked cake .
0	_num_ .
1	but they do have a selection of asian desserts cakes and cookies etc .
0	another _num_ minutes pass and we finally got our order .
1	a piece of two layer cake , is over six dollars .
0	will never go back to that place again .
1	went in there to order cake and the ladies are soooo rude .
0	i can barely taste any calamari or zucchini .
1	super kid friendly is the icing on the cake .
0	bad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around .
1	we did not get done with cake until after 8:00 .
0	seating inside is very limited .
1	cakes were n't good .
0	there were no parked cars visible from the road ; and _num_ ) .
1	reputation aside the salmon cakes had no seasoning and the ribeye was tough .
0	ordered , is not .
1	our waiter said she could choose one so she chose the chocolate cake .
0	despite how great the food was , i wo n't be returning .
1	the crust was tasty but i hardly ate any of the cake itself .
0	talk about unpleasant .
1	this situation takes the icing of the cake though .
0	_num_ there service is awful , _num_ there prices are awful .
1	their only redeeming feature was the crab cake appetizer .
0	it was late and on the way home with nothing at home to eat .
1	i thought walmart cashiers were bad , these take the cake !
0	Neutral
1	we just picked up a custom cake for a colleague 's going away .
0	the hype surrounding this place will probably lead to your great disappointment .
1	they also pack in the flavor in the birthday cake soft serve .
0	so this spot is like mad cheap but really ?
1	entire cake went to waste and was not enjoyable .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	the cake di chocolate is standard lava cake ( takes forever to make ) .
0	never received my order and was left in a bad mood .
1	the cake was dry as if it were a few days old .
0	her potatoes were ice cold and sandwich luke warm .
1	i ended up buying the lil cake which i couldnt use the coupon for .
0	essentially three pieces of toast with various toppings .
1	my mother-in-law found that her crab cakes were overwhelmed by the accompanying vegetables .
0	my wife had the chicken pesto pasta .
1	the chocolate lava cake is a nice new addition .
0	also , the service was not that good .
1	i say no , that ugly cake ai n't leaving with me .
0	_num_ star average ?
1	definitely tops the list of wedding cakes .
0	the salad was basic iceberg lettuce and a few other veggies .
1	fried chicken , chicken tenders , and salmon cakes were also okay .
0	the buffet was really terrible .
1	food sucked and i through left overs and cake in garbage .
0	the beer was pretty good , but the food was a real disappointment .
1	i also tried the key lime cake and sour cream and apple cake .
0	he could n't have told me that prior ?
1	love these hot cakes .
0	life is too short to waste you time and money on this place !
1	the crab cakes are abysmal and just about everything else is at best mediocre .
0	unfortunately , it was not as good as i hoped .
1	no yummy kosher flourless chocolate cake would be in my immediate future .
0	for three days no one called or picked up the clothes .
1	desserts are the generic cakes .
0	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
1	instead she got what looked like a crab cake made of ground salmon .
0	yeah , i 'm not coming here anymore .
1	salmon cakes were just ok .
0	this place is disgusting .
1	cakes , bread , you name it ... it 's all good .
0	they then corrected it and charged me a flat fee of $ _num_ .
1	the cake decorating section is piss poor .
0	having a _num_ hour drive wasted didnt make it any better as well .
1	it was a tropical , pineapple cake .
0	bad food .
1	the chocolate cake was extremely dry , and the cheesecake bites were warm .
0	it was a weird experience .
1	why not serve chocolate cake , cookies , mousse ?
0	the wait for _num_ rolls and _num_ pieces of sashimi took over _num_ minutes .
1	the cake did n't have flavor , just red .
0	hot & sour soup was highly americanized , not very hot or very sour .
1	i was very pleased with the dessert as the chocolate cake was very good .
0	there were _num_ of us and they brought out three .
1	hummus and my boyfriends fave - red velvet cake .
0	how were _num_ people in the _num_ seat restaurant and one small takeout order .
1	apparently they feel that frozen cakes are acceptable for events .
0	needless to say none of us wanted to order another round of drinks .
1	the cake at the bottom was soaking wet .
0	there was no sorry , we 're working on it ... etc .
1	honestly , i can not express how disappointed i was in the cake .
0	nothing special .
1	the crab cakes were cold and overly salty .
0	just awful .
1	_num_ star for wide variety of cheese cake options .
0	that 's sort of disappointing but still fine .
1	we got our wedding cake here back in _num_ , and it was amazing .
0	limited menu .
1	thank god i didnt leave her with a fruit cake like you !
0	service here on a saturday night was atrocious .
1	the cake was delicious !
0	_num_ minutes to get our bread and _num_ to get our appetizers .
1	bud in a bottle is $ _num_ and the cake was $ _num_ .
0	will not be coming back .
1	he then brought the checks and did n't add the cakes in .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	the cake icing is the best around !
0	they do n't take debit or credit cards .
1	i left without eating the cake or drinking the coffee .
0	the technician was telling us how it was closed and had just reopened .
1	the crab cakes were eh .
0	like , below applebee 's bad .
1	1st appetizer was crab cakes .
0	being a pastry chef myself , i had to try it .
1	on top of that the cake was n't even fresh .
0	i ordered honey walnut chicken and was served honey walnut shrimp .
1	i got salmon cakes & macaroni & cheese & deviled eggs .
0	i did n't even know you could go wrong with chicken marsala !
1	why is this so difficult to order a birthday cake from costco ?
0	it was unbelievable .
1	the cake donut was again dry and not that appetizing .
0	awful service , overpriced food .
1	my god , the cakes were delicious .
0	saturday was my first time back and i was dissapointed in the changes .
1	i could not believe this man actually tasted the cake .
0	avoid harris grill .
1	i really think people buy these cakes because they do n't know any better .
0	the manager did n't seem to care at all about our situation .
1	flourless chocolate cake was dry .
0	considering the size of pittsburgh , the bus system here is actually pathetic .
1	ordered : midnight truffle blizzard cake with white writing .
0	waitresses were overwhelmed and avoided us .
1	the german chocolate cake was dry and also tasteless .
0	will not be back there -- rude hostess !
1	crab cakes were awful .
0	it was messy .
1	the cake was nothing more then a cheep store bought cake .
0	they were also playing _num_ year old pop music really loud .
1	the crab cake sandwich is well prepared but from rotten crab .
0	i was extremely disappointed w/ my experience at alexander 's last evening .
1	the kitchen room itself smelled like butter with the cake sitting in the room .
0	very poor .
1	my chocolate cake was very stale .
0	it was all french fries and very little meat .
1	entree we ordered crab cakes , a grass fed burger and mediterranean salad .
0	nothing to brag about .
1	the cake part is now dry ?
0	all working hard , but covering too many tables .
1	the lava cakes were barely cooked and therefore inedible .
0	no steak knife , no mashed potatoes , no asparagus as ordered .
1	the crab cake was dry .
0	the fish n chips were not good .
1	first course consisted of shrimp cake or butternut risotto .
0	one star for the ridiculous overcharge .
1	the crab cakes were awful .
0	tonight is the last time i use this giant eagle pharmacy .
1	i wanted a three tier cake and she insisted i could only have two .
0	i ca n't even rate this place !
1	ordered crab cakes , they were dry and the crab tasted old as well .
0	terrible customer service !
1	cake selection is limited and the quality is just terrible .
0	they call me up and tell me the tire is the wrong size .
1	: ( i ordered the salmon cakes which were really hard .
0	horrible experience .
1	but they would see if they could get me a slice of cake ) !
0	mostly negative , but hey i was hungry and gave it a shot .
1	oh my gosh are the cakes great .
0	i was then transferred to housekeeping where i was constantly sent to a voicemail .
1	when i picked up the cake the following week it was stale .
0	_num_ .
1	i ordered the salmon cakes with mac & cheese and yams .
0	no such luck , they said they were not able to do that .
1	not recommend this place unless you desperately need a piece of cake .
0	lame .
1	every cake my family ever purchased has been from here .
0	but , hey , i can always catch up on my sleep tomorrow night .
1	when i picked up the order , it was a 1/4 sheet cake .
0	you can get better service elsewhere for cheaper .
1	white lily cake is divine !
0	however , each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller .
1	update : the chocolate cake was bomb .
0	fried dumplings were thick and mushy .
1	my german chocolate cake just made me sad .
0	not like you starbucks !
1	the pound cake had not taste , either .
0	that 's where the praise ends .
1	the chocolate cake was cold & hard .
0	do n't you care about your reputation and good name ?
1	just called to get information for my son 's birthday cake .
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back .
1	we did n't finish the cake .
0	i asked the waitress ... did n't this come with the mango salsa topping ?
1	the chocolate lava cake was yummy , coffee was meh .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	i have been calling around to various bakeries around the valley about wedding cakes .
0	if zero was an option that is what i would rate them !
1	the waitress saw that my crab cake was completely black on the bottom .
0	service was good but probably the worse pizza i 've ever had .
1	the cake was stale and hard .
0	here 's where i ran into problems .
1	$ 1,000 for a cake and you leave it ready to fall .
0	beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks .
1	desert choices were flourless chocolate cake and cheesecake .
0	nothing fancy -- short on the sides and back , an inch on top .
1	the slice of chocolate cake , while a descent size , was rather tasteless .
0	do not believe he cares about his patients .
1	no real effort or attempt was made to fix the cake .
0	sorry , we will never step foot in here again .
1	raspberry sauce is sitting out on my counter as i continue eating cake .
0	to many restaurants want my patronage .
1	minute chicken cake noodle and shrimp with snow peas .
0	it was annoying fighting the crowds to look at the certain cars .
1	everyone stated that it was the best cake they had ever had .
0	so i was appalled by a lousy not fresh dirty salad !
1	the cake was light and tasty and the ice cream and sauce were excellent .
0	next week i happily tried to repeat the last order i got .
1	fried fish , crab cakes , _num_ stuffed shrimp , fries , onion strings .
0	not professional at all .
1	i started with the crab cake , which i did not care for .
0	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
1	the display of cakes and pastries at the door was amazing .
0	not my cut of tea .
1	honestly , the cake ranged from ok to very not good .
0	the food was ok but it 's not memorable .
1	white lily cake , bought the first time because i liked the name .
0	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
1	the chocolate cake was the lone highlight of the meal .
0	management there does n't care !
1	thank goodness i 'm not in the market for a wedding cake !
0	no tip , never coming back .
1	the cake was sooooo bland !
0	it was n't even crowded .
1	the creme brulee and flourless chocolate cake for desert were both amazing .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	we also tried the pineapple upside down cake , eh so , so !
0	it sure is n't the food .
1	the crab cakes were also bad .
0	imitation crab & lots of filling .
1	we paid $ _num_ for a cake with shit berries .
0	the rice tasted like a flavorless mush with chewy `` pork '' .
1	my chimichanga was doughy , and tamale was like cake - very airy masa .
0	i witnessed more apologies to customers that day than i ever have .
1	we sat in a front room with a bunch of fake cakes .
0	we submitted our name thinking it would be 20-30 mins .
1	ended the meal with flourless cake which again , was incredibly small .
0	and i am certainly not a fan of the olive garden .
1	their cakes always look beautiful and taste wonderful .
0	needless to say i was extremely disappointed .
1	icing on cake was to charge $ _num_ additional deep cleaning service .
0	every single time i go through the drive-thru i do n't get a straw .
1	three layers in a _num_ inch cake ?
0	why were n't their any ice in the glass ?
1	this was probably the worst plain cake donut i 've ever had .
0	i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
1	worst cake i ever had .
0	it was calamari on top of some salad with thai chili sauce dressing .
1	i ordered the linda chocolate cake and it was extremely dry .
