0	another disappointment .
1	i later called panera and spoke with the manager dennis .
0	what a disappointment - i wo n't be back .
1	doing some food prep for my job , i called bs on her .
0	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
1	( _num_ ) i called multiple times but could n't reach anyone .
0	very stupid management .
1	they should n't even call it italian food .
0	that 's why i 'm looking for my cup now .
1	so i called customer service back , and they were closed .
0	needless to say , we wo n't be going back for quite some time !
1	i called an hour later and they had not even started to cook !
0	the pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible .
1	at _num_ am and two phone calls , still no coffee .
0	it sure is n't the food .
1	the worst ever chinese restaurant if we can call this place as restaurant !
0	not keeping with the the _num_ star yelp review that brought us here .
1	took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done .
0	_num_ $ for a plain roast beef forget that !
1	so i called on monday to get a real person .
0	worst mcdonalds in the united states of america .
1	never had a problem calling in orders at any other showmars .
0	i was not impressed by anything here .
1	she also wo n't call me back .
0	i was very disappointed and would not order anything but wings here .
1	i called to complain and they hung up on me .
0	i ask again , are they hot ?
1	called me a liar when i said the beer was stale .
0	i attended the sushi class on monday night .
1	my hubby called to say he could n't stay there .
0	the menu lists them as including jalapeno , but there was no heat whatsoever .
1	no one called , no apologies .
0	- the usual crap they sell to people because they think they are idiots .
1	just called to get information for my son 's birthday cake .
0	severely disappointed .
1	i would n't even bother calling it 's not worth the time .
0	cons : extremely inconsistent room cleaning service !
1	i waited for a while before i called back and there was no answer .
0	to which my response would have been , `` oh i 'm so sorry .
1	never notified me , never called nothing .
0	they would n't look at me .
1	i eventually just gave up trying to call them .
0	_num_ .
1	never calling yellow cab again .
0	this has to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront .
1	this is the 6th time i 've called them about the same issue .
0	and the chicken was very dry .
1	firestone called tires plus and told them what happened .
0	i 'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over _num_ years .
1	their is no mobile service so we can call home for last minute items .
0	i would rather have eaten a mcdonald 's burger and fries .
1	when we showed up , it was like i 'd never called .
0	terrible !
1	call me crazy but is n't there anywhere in phoenix to dance .
0	the side of vegetables were well cooked , buy again lacked any real flavor .
1	cant wait until aaa calls me to renew my membership .
0	chicken was slimy .
1	do n't take it out on the person they are incorrectly calling .
0	who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
1	i would not call it special or extraordinary , but it is not bad .
0	horrible salon ... dirty , also , just as a side note .
1	would i have had to call in to sort out their staff 's mistake ?
0	the sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing .
1	if they did n't , that would be fine we 'd call someplace else .
0	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
1	i called ahead to order a gyro calzone and was told _num_ minutes .
0	she returned not long after and said she was alright .
1	not really sure why they call this place the french quarter .
0	no need to be nasty .
1	when we called they said no payment , no dogs .
0	took over an hour , cost $ _num_ , broke my air filter .
1	waited for that , called back , and a van was not available still !
0	additionally , the experience at the salon left much to be desired .
1	_num_ minutes later he calls again and asks where we are .
0	they are open late hours , so sometimes that can be handy .
1	and why is this place called an `` irish pub '' ?
0	the steaks came and were both overcooked .
1	they call me and extend the window .
0	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
1	when i called him out , he proceeded to get loud and walked away !
0	i ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu .
1	i know i should have called beforehand .
0	terrible for business travel .
1	call them on their crap !
0	trash .
1	called back and was told wait time would be _num_ minutes .
0	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
1	she of course proceeds to charge me as if that phone called never happened .
0	worst mcdonald 's ever .
1	linda did not call .
0	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
1	made numerous phone calls and emails saying the problem was being addressed .
0	the fitness center lacks a fan , so working out gets too hot .
1	that same day i called another company and booked them with no issues .
0	big mistake .
1	i try calling bj 's and wait over _num_ minutes on hold .
0	she and i were both a little nervous about getting poor service .
1	saturday rolls around , no call .
0	gone is the famous gm bill .
1	no phone call , no e-mail , nothing .
0	however , i hate it because i believe the alcohol and food is overpriced .
1	i am calling the gm !
0	if you send them an email , they do n't check it .
1	still waiting on more phone calls to be returned .
0	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
1	it stayed there for about _num_ minutes before i was called to the counter .
0	ugh , i hate this place .
1	the item should be called buffalo soup with chicken strips .
0	however , i 'm mainly rating their food and service .
1	i called aaa and the service and follow-up were both appalling !
0	the service has also suffered tremendously .
1	no body ever called me .
0	my sister for a deal for _num_ and day in the _num_ season .
1	it is simply a greek restaurant called french quarter .
0	mediocre at best .
1	remember , the call was on speaker so i overheard both sides .
0	no flavor .
1	where was the call before i dropped of as promised !
0	um , i 'm not asking you to help me sort things .
1	i called them only to find out my truck had n't even left charlotte .
0	the drop off process for returning your cable box is ridiculous .
1	they called me with a totally different problem the cost to fix was outrageous .
0	it was a super rude way of dealing with that situation .
1	the sales staff ( if you can call them that ) were complete snobs .
0	she was sooooo rude .
1	i called a bit late and they only had _num_ pm open .
0	our waitress was hit or miss and we waited awhile for the bill .
1	if you are in the aaa , you 'll know i 'm calling .
0	they were significantly cheaper .
1	i shrugged it off and called maintenance .
0	i agree _num_ % on maggie g 's review .
1	no response but she does call me _num_ mins later .
0	the onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can .
1	yet again , not one courtesy call , nothing resolved .
0	will not go eat there again !
1	one week later i call , not ready .
0	i gave the management a heads up , and it was not fixed .
1	so the super rude gold counter lady called over the supervisor .
0	firstly , i knew there was something wrong with the server when we arrived .
1	the whole call took _num_ minutes most of it on hold .
0	the fish and chips looked great but it did n't taste like anything !
1	i called the manager over , to let them know the situation .
0	i hardly ever send food back or complain but this was really bad .
1	they call me up and tell me the tire is the wrong size .
0	no way , dudes .
1	after an hour of waiting , i called to check on our order .
0	but when it does , you bend over backwards to make it right .
1	their wake up call was also about _num_ mins off .
0	had a friend who went here .
1	thirty minutes later no one shows and i call and cancel .
0	one minute later all of our food was delivered cold .
1	the owner called me to apologize .
0	there was absolutely no seasoning on them and they had zero taste .
1	no call , nothing .
0	my companion had the salmon and said it was unremarkable .
1	called to ask for an additional van , were told _num_ minutes .
0	noisy overcrowded and not enough staff to cover the crowd so service was slow .
1	he never responded to my call for repairs .
0	so why just a `` _num_ star '' rating ?
1	these people do not return your calls and they dont want to help you .
0	i think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside .
1	i called to have the repair , no follow up .
0	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
1	i called back at 10am instead .
0	two stars because i really like the drinks here .
1	called this morning to check about the watch .
0	i am a big fan of olive garden but not this one .
1	i was livid and called to complain .
0	overall , my experience eating here has been inconsistent .
1	two hours later , i called and left another voice mail .
0	now i 'm sad , real sad .
1	couple weeks later , no phone call .
0	so , why only _num_ stars you ask ?
1	called after _num_ weeks , no call back ; called again .
0	no such luck .
1	no luck with calling for any help in complaint .
0	i 've never been so horribly treated in my life .
1	they called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one .
0	there was nothing really special about the food .
1	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
0	unless you have no other choice do not shop here .
1	another appointment was setup , and yet again no call and no show .
0	i ordered a steak and cheese hoagie and it arrived in a burnt bun .
1	i called to find out what was on the hot and spicy chicken .
0	and they are rude .
1	called manager twice only to leave voicemail .
0	the waitress was very curt and disrespectful .
1	calling corporate offices to complain about this place ... its beyond unacceptable .
0	unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand .
1	for three days no one called or picked up the clothes .
0	then when i got it , it was cold !
1	i 'm not sure i 'd call them a deli .
0	however , the last few times we have been there it has been terrible .
1	this was a friday , and he said he 'd call back on monday .
0	ugh .
1	not a call , not the estimate , nothing .
0	not sure about the food handling practices here .
1	the cab was taking forever , so we called a different company .
0	not bad , a little tasteless , but why bother ?
1	fifth problem : i called and emailed customer service about my charge .
0	some customers may like it , me , not so much .
1	we called again and he said that they could n't find our car keys .
0	i hate complaining like this .
1	i called customer service and they were zero help .
0	she was super excited and counting down the days until arrival .
1	sell your furniture or pay anyone off the street before calling these guys .
0	it was frustrating .
1	no pizza , no call .
0	and was really disappointed .
1	there was not a single knock or a phone call .
0	however , i recently missed an appointment .
1	i booked everything online and called to confirm .
0	can you give a company zero stars ?
1	no return call either .
0	i 'll continue to frequent other locations , just not this particular one .
1	this is called no mayo .
0	actually , there are not `` two sizes '' of `` one scoop '' .
1	when i called in to let them know , they did n't even care .
0	he barely let me talk and continuously spoke over me .
1	so we called back and asked for our money back .
0	it 's noisy , crowded , disorganized , and there are not enough waiters .
1	when two weeks go by , i called to check in .
0	the seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible .
1	and again naturally , no return phone call .
0	i was disappointed in the food !
1	i called room service , and they never brought them up .
0	please ... take your hard earned money elsewhere .
1	when we called , she was informed that we did get the wings .
0	sent the mussels back .
1	i called two more times after this with no call back .
0	also , they did n't have much of a sushi menu at all .
1	i had asked for the manager to call me and he did n't .
0	and the service just was disappointing , all for take out .
1	called to get takeout and was greeted by a nasty host .
0	the sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive .
1	they will not communicate with a simple phone call .
0	the chicken nuggets come out under par .
1	it was one of the most frustrating calls ive made in a long time .
0	the continental breakfast was ok but a little lackluster .
1	got a call back with a $ _num_ estimate .
0	but this was our first visit , and we wo n't be back .
1	monday , no phone call all day .
0	this place just keeps getting worse and worse .
1	my biggest issue was the attitude i received when i called .
0	the service , was not the best .
1	now that 's what i call mediocre !
0	i of course had filet , and i was just so underwhelmed with it .
1	had to call off it was just to cold out !
0	her potatoes were ice cold and sandwich luke warm .
1	i called back and eventually he offered to refund my money .
0	no way .
1	could n't even call me to let me know .
0	and the food was terrible too !
1	so tonight i called my order in ( i usually do it online ) .
0	_num_ .
1	at this point i ca n't even get a return call .
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	under new ownership , the place is now called metro ford of madison .
0	after ordering from here my credit card number was stolen .
1	i do n't want to take a call from god knows who !
0	the bread is _num_ % of the meal .
1	she understood but it was the owners call .
0	my brother was uncomfortable and embarrassed and just kept staring down .
1	still the general manager has not returned a phone call or a text message .
0	the third haircut was just awful : styled awful , looked strange .
1	they ended up calling two more over , but it took way too long .
0	however , it all went down hill from there .
1	the restaurant never called us , so we ended up eating elsewhere .
0	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
1	around 9pm , i called again .
0	also the inside is dirty as heck .
1	then , i spent another few weeks waiting for a call back .
0	the store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards .
1	called two days later to confirm it was ready .
0	_num_ .
1	called to make sure they could change my watch battery .
0	but the rest of the place , not so much .
1	no one call me at all .
0	i went there for a few grocery items along with some alcoholic beverages .
1	for almost $ _num_ , i 'm calling this a total bust .
0	hope i have better luck next time !
1	person on the taking orders was rude when i called back with a problem .
0	i 'm not big on chain restaurants .
1	immediately apparently means _num_ minutes later after you call again to the front desk .
0	which was dry , overcooked and lukewarm .
1	i called again on july 2nd as they never sent anything .
0	but sometimes , you just have to , ya know ?
1	so one month _num_ tech support calls later i got this information .
0	the burger was just eh .
1	they were extremely rude when my roommate and i called them .
0	yep , this place is terrible .
1	these guys has the seeds to call and leave a message to call back .
0	the main courses are extremely overpriced ( not unusual for walnut st. ) .
1	when i got to my apt , i called the company to complain .
0	you pay fees , they make laundry and garbage more and more inconvenient .
1	voicemail is all you get with no returned calls by the way !
0	either the batteries are almost dead or its just terrible .
1	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
0	took _num_ days to pick up the cut sofa !
1	receptionist proceeded to tell me `` someone will call you when its ready . ''
0	she just kept trying to cover her ass instead of listening to my concerns .
1	i try calling out to her too , saying `` ms. ?
0	maybe i just ordered the wrong thing on the wrong day .
1	called trying to get info to put together some arrangements .
0	gross !
1	when i asked to speak with manager , she was not taking calls .
0	this place is disgusting .
1	the toilet stopped up and i called the front desk .
0	the veal was soggy and chewy and the sauce was sub par .
1	he called me to pick him up as i was paying the bill .
0	described as having crab , lobster and shrimp .
1	ghetto , the server kept calling me baby all night .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	after all day i never received a shipping confirmation so i called again .
0	i 've been here a few times and have always been disappointed .
1	( _num_ ) left messages and no one called me back .
0	try not to come here unless it 's for emergency .
1	why take down my room number if you were n't going to call me ?
0	at the same time she got sat another table of _num_ women .
1	i called to order contacts and they were utterly confused .
0	so i ordered _num_ for myself and my gf .
1	i immediately cancelled my appointment and called around .
0	do n't waste your time eating here .
1	days passed and no call .
0	btw , no one ever showed up to fix the air .
1	i called my insurance company to let them know they are bad for business !
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	called several airlines they were unable to find anything .
0	i do n't like coleslaw .
1	lo and behold , twenty minutes later , they called us back over .
0	too bad , jared 's .
1	i called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be _num_ mins .
0	a simple `` sorry for the wait '' would have been nice .
1	when i called to correct the billing the manager was incredibly rude and unhelpful .
0	you will leave smelling like cooking oil .
1	when the occasion calls for it i upgrade to a purse .
0	no big deal , i would have been happy to help out .
1	no phone call either .
0	service was horrible .
1	update : i received a very much appreciated phone call from the owner today .
0	this is the worst chinese food i have had in a long time .
1	i tried calling , and no one picks up .
0	i do n't remember it being this bad .
1	we called to make appointments together and the receptionist was rude !
0	i ordered the beef vermicelli bowl , one egg roll , one spring roll .
1	at noon on a friday i called getaway to place an order for wings .
0	will not return to this place .
1	she did not return my call , so i called again .
0	two hours and i 'm still waiting on a slow sunday night .
1	then , in june , my maid of honor calls me .
0	sadly , however , they did not .
1	i called another cab company immediately afterwards and had absolutely no problem with them .
0	both were very dry and lacked flavor .
1	i sat around for an entire saturday waiting and no one ever called me .
0	seriously just do n't do it .
1	not really what i would call a full size , but that 's fine .
0	the prices here can be ridiculous .
1	the staff called the cops who are apparently there but not doing anything .
0	bad idea .
1	we called about the issue and they sent someone over right away .
0	i also tried the key lime cake and sour cream and apple cake .
1	i called over the waiter and explained .
0	i felt like i spent $ _num_ for absolutely nothing .
1	they turned no wait off and said they tried to call me .
0	the lettuce tastes old and rubbery ... not in this case .
1	waited another _num_ weeks without a call .
0	was n't very busy which was a plus .
1	they will not take care of you if you call them with a complaint .
0	but i just can not bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here .
1	the following week , they would call me back .
0	lame as heck .
1	no call to update me or explain the delay .
0	the disappointment was it was over-cooked .
1	after a few phone calls later , no shirts , no suits .
0	the manicure was very quick and not at all thorough .
1	i would n't call this place authentic korean bbq .
0	however , when we got there the buffet was well picked over .
1	_num_ minute mark rolls around and we have n't gotten a call .
0	... another one bites the dust !
1	never had any kind of follow up call to see whether we were happy .
0	i could have done better at home .
1	when i called and asked to speak to a manager no one spoke english .
0	we need more irish pubs and local old time watering holes .
1	absolutely the worst service ( if you can call it that ) .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	i called to say i was going to be ten minutes late .
0	i ca n't even rate this place !
1	_num_ minutes later the delivery guy calls and says he 's on his way .
0	_num_ minutes later ... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there .
1	i called garden ridge to speak to a customer service rep .
0	and it was cold - did n't even take my winter coat off .
1	waited _num_ minutes , and called back .
0	the only items that are good there are the bacon and toast .
1	i have called _num_ times and received incredibly poor service .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in a while .
1	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
0	i wo n't be going back to see him again .
1	called pf changs where the first `` manager '' sent me to another manager .
0	i was thinking he would have stopped but did n't oh well .
1	my wife has made multiple phone calls only to have one returned .
