0	it was n't a memorable meal or experience .
1	do not believe he cares about his patients .
0	let me repeat , never again .
1	she did n't really care for any of it .
0	do n't understand the hype .
1	the managers do n't care the server do n't care .
0	half my dish was potato .
1	the employees , by and large , could care less about customer service .
0	so , i 've tried this place _num_ times and that was enough .
1	everyone else obviously hates their job and could care less about your medical problems .
0	the clams were served raw with a burnt bread crumb topping .
1	no actual health care being done anymore !
0	i never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be .
1	management did n't care , so i will be going elsewhere .
0	i would beg the owners to put any effort into this place .
1	he truly comes across as if he could care less , and it shows .
0	only passable pasta was the pear & ricotta ravioli .
1	i do n't care how good your food is .
0	first , there are n't many tables .
1	i 'm sure no one at this location cares either !
0	_num_ .
1	the new residents do not care about their surroundings .
0	the noodles were very bland and almost chewy .
1	it 's like no one cared any more .
0	the place smells of old towels and the bathrooms are horrible .
1	she said she did n't care and her manager did n't care .
0	my return is questionable .
1	now , maybe you do n't care .
0	i get it .
1	i do n't even care about the decor or seating etc .
0	was she having a bad day ?
1	fine , i had a sushi craving and could n't care less .
0	life is too short for less than mediocre food .
1	the waitress could have cared less that we had to wait .
0	it was hot in there and i do n't think they have ac .
1	as a customer i really do n't care .
0	my husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap .
1	no help , no smiles , to slow , do n't care .
0	this was the worst customer service i have encountered in awhile .
1	they do not care about animals , at all .
0	but the customer service is by far the worst i have ever experienced .
1	no one seems to care .
0	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
1	they do n't care about their tenants .
0	you pay fees , they make laundry and garbage more and more inconvenient .
1	did n't really care for the food here .
0	my burger was well done and dry .
1	i really did n't care for the breakfast steak biscuits .
0	shame on me .
1	ownership does n't seem to care .
0	no ... these bagels are about the same you would get anywhere .
1	they of course could care less about me .
0	so he ca n't bother with mine .
1	this man cares nothing about your pain .
0	i really ca n't imagine what could be making it so slow here .
1	it looked like no one cared about it .
0	never coming back again , it was such a waste of money !
1	first off our server acted like she could care less .
0	i waited two hours today in the freezing cold to get to work .
1	the tenants that live there do n't care about other peoples property !
0	my boyfriend ordered the pork rice vermicelli bowl .
1	when my husband spoke to the manager , he could care less about it .
0	the portions are tiny , and the pho broth leaves you unsatisfied .
1	had a hamburger wrap for meal which i did n't care for .
0	salads , sandwiches , burgers and entrees we have all had before .
1	i 'm sure that this is a fluke and will be taken care of .
0	i have n't been here in a long time .
1	they could care less about your complaints and then tell you some bs excuse .
0	so , you get where this is going , right ?
1	that , or she did n't care .
0	my husband and i stayed in pittsburgh for weeks and wanted to have pho .
1	these people could not care less .
0	horrible experience .
1	sounds extremely inefficient and i doubt other urgent cares work that way .
0	went to _num_ tavern for lunch a few weeks back .
1	i mean , i understand you do n't care about _num_ dollars .
0	wish i could give this place negative stars .
1	the owner refuses to take care of black people .
0	the dining room was about half full .
1	i do n't care for this giant eagle , and that is being kind .
0	service was awful .
1	rude lazy people who do n't care .
0	holy bat balls did this place have bad food !
1	i do n't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid .
0	i 'm weird like that .
1	find another place where the doctors care .
0	the issue was how grossly understaffed they were .
1	do n't you care about your reputation and good name ?
0	i shop alot , sometimes too much .
1	horrible customer service and do not care about their patients .
0	finally this place was stale like the bread !
1	those people just do n't care .
0	the food can be somewhat disappointing but will sometimes do in a pinch .
1	was too tired to care at that point so we stayed .
0	my meal was way over cooked .
1	why does any child care about that ? )
0	the potatoes were very bland despite being served with warm butter on the side .
1	they do n't care about your clothes .
0	unfortunately our waiter was not up to par .
1	this tells me they either did not listen to me or did not care .
0	we did n't eat anything so i ca n't comment on the food .
1	i do n't care how good the food is or the beer selection .
0	the decor was old _num_ 's which could have charm but this did n't .
1	who cares what i think though , everyone has a different taste .
0	here is where my mistake happened .
1	still sitting here waiting for someone to give a care .
0	the haircut was mediocre , but the highlights were much worse .
1	you really seem to care about this restaurant 's reputation .
0	needless to say , we were disappointed .
1	however the va system cant provide the medical care that i need .
0	i do n't understand the hype with this place .
1	we really did n't care where we sat .
0	however , the last few times we have been there it has been terrible .
1	the workers do n't seem to care about how long it takes to wait .
0	i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
1	i do n't care how many awards they have hanging on they wall .
0	my guess is that it was that suspect sauce you put on that sandwich .
1	they did n't care .
0	however , she did n't bother , probably because we were n't her table .
1	i left extremely upset and no one cared .
0	ca n't comment on food since i was just in for beers .
1	the drinks tasted like sewer water and the manager didnt care one bit .
0	so dissapointed and will never use them again .
1	said something to manager and they did n't care .
0	mine was not very cold and his pour was light .
1	the managers do n't care .
0	waitress was nice but it 's obvious that this place is run poorly .
1	you guys are what gives the health care industry a bad reputation .
0	( $ _num_ + $ _num_ ) .
1	i just did n't care for how slow they were .
0	)
1	tell me what i need , tell me how to care for things .
0	is n't that what baked ziti is ?
1	if we had been drinking we would n't care .
0	i 'm sure you can find better accommodations in this price range and location .
1	they just do n't seem to care .
0	the inside was maybe worse , trash and dirty .
1	the owners could n't care less that there far better ways to do things .
0	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
1	the inside is very dated and appears to be poorly cared for .
0	bland .
1	some of staff good others could care less .
0	mixed drinks are way too pricey for the location .
1	so help me god , i do n't care .
0	the food was absolutely gross !
1	i really could care less at the moment .
0	i just ca n't imagine having to deal with this a year .
1	by the looks of it only the reviewers care .
0	never going back , letting our bank handle this one .
1	they seems not care to lose a customer , it is disappointing .
0	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
1	we did n't feel comfortable in their care .
0	for the very first time the food was awful .
1	management does n't care , defensive and rude .
0	my night was ruined thanks to this pizza hut .
1	did n't seem to care about having sit-down customers at all .
0	i 'm not italian , but i cook way better than this myself .
1	they do n't care about their customers .
0	what happened ?
1	my husband did not care for his meal either .
0	shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like .
1	staff does n't seem to care .
0	the server was nice , that is not the issue .
1	but why support a business that really does n't care about you .
0	the steaks came and were both overcooked .
1	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
0	lidia 's does high-end traditional italian without being too pretentious or too predictable .
1	talked to the hostess and they do n't care .
0	they refuse to put anything on paper .
1	they hire kids that do n't care much about the customers .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	incredibly rude , clearly do n't care for customers or loyalty .
0	there are fruit flies hovering around our table too .
1	overall many doctors and nurses were helpful in the care of my mom .
0	bland and disappointing , the pho most of all .
1	actually , why do i care ?
0	poor service .
1	they do n't care about anyone .
0	she was sick six ways to sunday .
1	my husband is a disabled veteran and they do n't care .
0	called two days later to confirm it was ready .
1	he did not care .
0	no marinara sauce .
1	i am very very disappointed with the lack of care , consideration .
0	but no biggie - we agree to split into different tables .
1	they do not care about animals .
0	i know , you say , how can one possibly have too much cheese .
1	i dont know , i do n't care .
0	i had to pay them to waste my time and do nothing !
1	your brand is being damaged because your staff does n't seem to care .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	i just do n't care much today . ''
0	that is a lot for a less than adequate sandwhich .
1	after taking her to another vet , i was educated about wound care .
0	fried chicken , macaroni and cheese and collards .
1	we talked to the manager i 'm assuming which did n't really care .
0	- mushroom pasta : again quite rich and salty .
1	no apologies when we were finally taken care of .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our drink order .
1	on top of that , they did n't care enough to find the mail !
0	this place is terrible .
1	they apparently do n't care about your time or money .
0	_num_ sides came out late .
1	however , besides that one situation , they typically seem to care .
0	i personally would not go back , even though the food was fantastic .
1	it was only me and i felt like they did n't care .
0	i am giving it _num_ stars only because the manager was nice .
1	the staff does n't seem to care .
0	will not be coming back to this place unless i 'm dragged .
1	the waitresses were very rude and didnt care about your orders .
0	walking through this mall just creepy though .
1	must wait almost _num_ hours for a car and they do n't care !
0	price is not bad .
1	we do n't care !
0	the manager was rude .
1	the hotel is filthy and not taken care of .
0	i do n't normally get my beer from there .
1	they did n't care that the flights were all delayed by _num_ hours .
0	with all of the fabulous choices in the south hills , pick another destination .
1	she could care less and was extremely rude .
0	the minus : the maintenance staff is always around .
1	the office does n't care & the maintenance crew is rude .
0	we had nachos that were on slightly stale chips .
1	she did n't seem to care at all either .
0	unsatisfied customer !
1	seems like she do n't wanted to take care of the customers .
0	terrible experience !
1	first was the lack of caring when it came to the booth 's cleanliness .
0	i 've had way better chinese sushi at giant eagle of all places .
1	no , i do n't care anything about you or your life .
0	this restaurant is not my number _num_ choice .
1	he clearly could n't care less .
0	also , not one of us got ours cooked as ordered .
1	seems management does n't care either ... .
0	_num_ star for food , gross !
1	you used to be ok but now you just do n't care anymore .
0	my experience did not live up to my expectations at all .
1	the employees were awful , rude , slow and not caring about a thing .
0	the service was n't great either .
1	it 's clear that they do not care at all .
0	would i go back again ?
1	i try to avoid going to urgent care unless i am dying .
0	salad will come first , then a couple of dogs , then fries .
1	waiter was aware he had customers , just did n't care !
0	this midas location is grossly overpriced !
1	they were just too drunk to care .
0	not off to a good start .
1	wow , this has been the worst experience and care ever .
0	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
1	if i want a side of sauce , who the hell cares ?
0	in fact , it was awful .
1	the employees could have cared less as well .
0	crappy place .
1	the manager did not seem to care and was very unprofessional .
0	no such luck , they said they were not able to do that .
1	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
0	veterans beware !
1	no one even cared .
0	hotel restaurants are just awful !
1	i do n't care .
0	will never go back !
1	they do not care tenants at all .
0	this is a terrible shelter .
1	she makes mistakes , she shows her ego , and she does not care .
0	the red velvet pancakes were chocolate pancakes with red food dye added into them .
1	the waitstaff saw what was happening and did n't care at all .
0	i am not impressed .
1	management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize .
0	why would i spend hundreds of dollars on more suits ?
1	he did not care one bit .
0	_num_ after tip .
1	absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vets !
0	we dined rather early , so there was no wait .
1	this place clearly had no care for customer service or business .
0	i agree _num_ % on maggie g 's review .
1	the one manager is very condescending & could care less .
0	not worth your money .
1	had the chicken quesadilla , and did n't care much for it .
0	he was very kind , but only dropped my food off .
1	the staff i dealt with could not have cared less about helping me .
0	disgusting .
1	taken _num_ tries to get order right and the server could care less .
0	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
1	i 'm certain they notice , they just do n't care .
0	i arrived and was disappointed to not see the arrangement i ordered .
1	no one that works there cares about food , service , or cleanliness .
0	however , i hate it because i believe the alcohol and food is overpriced .
1	that 's such an easy fix , it just shows they do n't care .
0	you should skip this place for sure .
1	the doctors are way too busy to provide any real patient care .
0	not a smart move on my part .
1	they do n't seem to care too much .
0	it was like having a standard old boring burger .
1	when i called in to let them know , they did n't even care .
0	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
1	came here for lunch once , did n't particularly care for it .
0	the costumer service really ruined my experience .
1	do n't care .
0	so beware , you are paying to dollar !
1	neither the staff nor the doctors seemed to genuinely care about the animals .
0	ok , i did , and i stopped eating .
1	they both have more responsible employees & managers that care .
0	everything was overpriced ; drinks , entrees , and dessert .
1	they will not take care of you if you call them with a complaint .
0	guess the men at olive or twist only like men .
1	next time attempt to act like you care .
0	our food took forever and when it got there i was highly disappointed .
1	this trip did n't make sense and they did n't really seem to care .
0	skip it .
1	there was absolutely no care or thought put into this salad .
0	red lobster was not the place to be tonight .
1	i told them i would n't come back and the could care less .
0	i 've had appointments with salon owners and never had to leave payment info .
1	he could have cared less .
0	another disappointment .
1	i could 've said yellow for all she cared .
0	the chicken was slimy and not many pieces at that .
1	the employees did not seem to care and had no sense to work faster .
0	it is not daily normal , ordinary dirt .
1	it was clear all she cared about was bringing me to the cleaners .
0	the food , however , is mediocre at best .
1	he obviously did n't care at all .
0	this is not a really cool hang out .
1	the guy just did n't care .
0	i do not recommend this place .
1	these people do n't care about anyone especially the elderly .
0	totally gross !
1	obvious they could care less .
0	the place was so slow .
1	the manager could n't have cared less .
0	they did not have many items .
1	they do n't care for good customers .
0	overall they get a d for food and an a for ambience and location .
1	they do n't care about their residents at all .
0	the pasta a bit dry and bland as well .
1	alot of money for very poor care .
0	i spoke with brian at the desk who was very polite and professional .
1	kitchen does not care .
0	needless to say , we will never return !
1	they run the place more like a business rather than a care facility .
0	never going back .
1	i have never been to a less taken care of establishment .
0	it took another _num_ minutes before he actually got the pizza .
1	price was ok but who cares if your meal tastes bad .
0	i was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant .
1	we did n't care for the atmosphere and did n't actually eat anything .
0	i 'm still trying to figure out how one manages to burn noodles .
1	they do not care at all about you .
0	the food was bad , yo .
1	the care we received was substandard .
0	nothing really special & not worthy of the $ _num_ price tag .
1	you ca n't take care of takeout and dining customers ?
0	the almond torte used to be the best , hands down .
1	the parking lot is small , barely wide enough to get your care into .
0	the host was horrendous and extremely rude .
1	if you care about your natural nails , stay away from this place .
0	then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition .
1	bad customer service they just do not care at this location .
0	it is dark , so do n't expect to take any good photos .
1	they do n't take care about the current and long term residents .
0	it just is n't for me .
1	she clearly has no clue , pride or care in coffee making .
0	better than nothing , i suppose .
1	they did n't seem to care .
0	second sign i chose to ignore .
1	they do n't care about marketing .
0	i would n't be as concerned if i were here for pleasure .
1	the beef was ok but really did n't care for the cheese sauce .
0	i gave him my drink order and then he asked for our dinner order .
1	management there does n't care !
0	honestly , it 's probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	i do n't care for primanti brothers .
0	terrible treatment .
1	plus , i do n't care for the taste of their ice cream .
0	this place was terrible .
1	the owner could care less about customers .
0	last night we ordered take out and it left us disappointed .
1	in my opinion this company does not care about our home values .
0	the crab dip was another disappointment .
1	he clearly does n't care about his customers !
0	nothing to brag about .
1	the kitchen does n't seem to care about customer service .
0	the pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible .
1	they do n't care about anything except for your money .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	he -- does not -- care about the patients whatsoever .
0	they seem overpriced , too .
1	the employees do not care _num_ % about you , or your order .
0	Neutral
1	my friend had calamari that she did n't care for at all .
0	i thought it was actually not very appetizing at all .
1	the employees do not care about anyone who lives in the neighborhood .
0	of course , the order came out quickly , and wrong .
1	i did n't care .
0	what i got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich .
1	neither my husband nor i cared for it .
0	not fresh at all .
1	everyone hates it and they do n't care about their community .
0	disappointment .
1	the quality of care is very poor .
