0	after that i would say sprint is the 5th worst .
1	only taking cash at the moment which sucks !
0	so be aware they added an automatic _num_ % gratuity to the check .
1	i would not eat here and if u do , u need cash !
0	i told her that was no problem .
1	nobody knew how to run the cash register .
0	sub par at best , go to any of the other big burrito restaurants .
1	the highlight cash only haha .
0	i will not be returning in the future .
1	and the lady at the cash register is really nice !
0	very disappointed in our delivery order this evening .
1	cash only , always apathetic wait staff .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	place is tiny and only takes cash .
0	do n't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies .
1	they do n't give you the cash price for paying with a debit card .
0	the restaurant is the worst .
1	previously they accepted credit cards and checks now they only accept cash .
0	does chicken salad hold a week in your fridge ?
1	what a waste of good earned cash and a bad aftertaste to boot .
0	when the salad arrived , it did not look like the picture .
1	guys watch your cash , bartenders always try to rip you off .
0	not worth $ _num_ unfortunately the sausage platter was $ _num_ .
1	taking cash only was the last kick to get us out the door .
0	highly disappointing .
1	when my car was returned to me , the cash was gone .
0	sure , it 's friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable .
1	the cash and messed my order up .
0	service was absolutely dismal for no good reason .
1	i built my pie online and set up a carryout option with cash payment .
0	worst service ever !
1	i refuse to patronize any business that only accepts cash .
0	this is the worst line i have ever seen in my life .
1	$ _num_ free to pull cash .
0	very disappointed .
1	dont buy the groupon and certainly dont cash it in .
0	cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal .
1	also , they only take cash and close at _num_ p.m .
0	however i agree with the previous reviews that the staff are killing it .
1	cash price _num_ ) .
0	done in less than _num_ hours .
1	guess cash does n't matter here .
0	i declined that after reading is was mediocre at best .
1	but not worth driving out to ted 's and having cash ready for them .
0	i ordered the lemon grass soup with shrimp and the papaya salad .
1	so the driver got the tip in cash and on the credit card !
0	ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired .
1	if i was paying cash , i would take my business elsewhere .
0	_num_ .
1	they only take cash it 's a must .
0	it is all watered down and gross .
1	once they have your cash that is it folks !
0	it is not safe for kids !
1	but make sure that dollar is cash so i can pay for my drink .
0	this was my big mistake .
1	no server carried any cash and it takes forever to get your change back .
0	that is a huge turn off , especially if you are out of town .
1	i said no i do n't have cash .
0	the dishes that night were sub-par , which was a first .
1	tonight was cash only .
0	why did n't i go with them first ?
1	if you pay cash or debit you get a bigger discount as well .
0	absolute worst experience at a nail salon .
1	the lady at the cash register is so rude !
0	seriously i waited in the drive thru for like _num_ minutes .
1	also , there is a credit card fee so bring cash .
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	their card machine is almost always `` broken '' so they only accept cash .
0	what turns me off a bit , it always seems dirty .
1	so first things first , they do n't accept cash .
0	not to be recommended unless you 're desperate .
1	for a cash only joint , this place is a total waste .
0	children _num_ and under are free .
1	no more gay cash from me today at the chili cook off .
0	takeout is a mess at this location .
1	cash only is not an acceptable policy in _num_ .
0	i 'm always always always made to feel like i 'm stupid ( seriously ?
1	went to return it , and did n't want cash , just store credit .
0	the salesperson walked away and proceed to start helping other customers .
1	we just left cash to get the hell out of dodge .
0	overall , i 've got no complaints about the food .
1	very pricey food , cash only , average food .
0	i do n't need anything fancy but this was pathetic .
1	she said i could pay cash though for $ _num_ worth of tests .
0	worst hotel i have yet to stay in as a consultant .
1	which we could not do since we were paying cash .
0	all i have to say is no thanks .
1	bring cash because they do n't like using plastic .
0	slow .
1	neither of us had cash on us , ( umm ... sorry ? )
0	do n't care .
1	they refunded me with cash .
0	i 'm shocked , never thought men 's dress clothes were so pricey .
1	if we can not pay cash for something , we do not buy it .
0	and i would n't have minded if the food had been amazing .
1	paid cash and change was not an option .
0	worse customer service ever .
1	my mom did n't have any cash except large bills .
0	such a waste of time and rude .
1	there is n't even a $ _num_ cash wash option !
0	overall :
1	_num_ ) cash only or maybe there was a minimum .
0	the place is not even kept up anymore .
1	cash only , pricey , leave it for the tourist !
0	just there last evening after a _num_ hour shift at work .
1	bring cash bc no cards n atm fees r bs .
0	however , i wo n't be back .
1	the cash wrap is always about _num_ people deep on weekends .
0	holy bat balls did this place have bad food !
1	and would n't give our cash back after she took our bill .
0	we ca n't believe it .
1	i would suggest taking your hard earned cash elsewhere .
0	limited menu .
1	in a city with a million bars do n't waste your cash here .
0	i 've contacted the hotel manager twice and have received no response from her .
1	* cash only .
0	you can definitely get better vietnamese elsewhere in the city .
1	when it came time to pay the bill , i gave her cash .
0	wow , only in charlotte would you find a chain restaurant bar crawl .
1	there was only one waiter and a manager at the cash register .
0	crappy place .
1	after i paid in cash , i went to use the restroom .
0	smoky , but not horribly so .
1	strong strong strong drinks , cash only , smoky and dark .
0	_num_ stars .
1	never use cash here , unless you print it yourself .
0	but my room is outdated and smells like there has been a massive leak .
1	they only accept cash be warned .
0	it literally sounds like there is a major concert going on .
1	pizza is not so great , service is just ok , and cash only ?
0	truly pathetic .
1	just remember that it 's a cash only joint !
0	food is very overpriced though .
1	fails fargo , keep your cash in your mattress !
0	the pizza was cut all messed up as well .
1	luckily , we had enough cash to cover our charges for _num_ people .
0	i was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone .
1	if i go back , i will only pay cash !
0	negatives : the lighting , the decor and the smoking .
1	they do n't tell you that it is a cash only business .
0	it was over $ _num_ thrown in the trash .
1	my fault for not making sure i got my _num_ cash back .
0	basically the whole experience was pure torture , which is disappointing .
1	besides the fact that they only accept cash , sam woo in spring mt .
0	attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this `` employee . ''
1	tonight my mom and i went in , cash in hand .
0	needless to say , we will never return !
1	the biggest disappointment of all is their `` cash only '' policy !
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	only accepts cash or checks , does not take debit / credit cards .
0	the wait for someone to take our drink order was rather long .
1	i will probably never go back here unless i strictly pay with cash .
0	you can wait for _num_ minutes at the wine bar . ''
1	at the end , i paid $ _num_ cash .
0	is n't even that great at the bar .
1	since when is cash not good enough to purchase a car ?
0	she could n't tear herself away from the movie to address me .
1	oh yeah , and this place is cash only .
0	possibly the worst dining experience i 've had .
1	three people at the cash register and only one person making the actual orders .
0	looks better than it tastes .
1	there is a private lot , plenty of parking , take cash and credit .
0	actually , there are not `` two sizes '' of `` one scoop '' .
1	and what i received in return in cash was $ _num_ .
0	avoid this place like the plague !
1	i had no receipt and i paid cash .
0	not measured correctly - very angry !
1	take your business and hard earned cash somewhere else .
0	seating is first come , first served .
1	i said my bf is picking me up i 'll get cash from him .
0	this is a terrible shelter .
1	only takes cash or check !
0	in summary the service is very questionable .
1	we paid cash and added extra $ _num_ to make it _num_ % gratuity .
0	however , would n't say this is very authentic thai food .
1	stay away if you want to hang on to your cash .
0	sorry for the comment .
1	the restaurant was small , cash only .
0	poor service , menu options not available , dirty utensils .
1	it 's _num_ folks , no one carries cash anymore .
0	they threw some tomatoes on it .
1	not sure if this is new , but its cash only .
0	just my _num_ cents .
1	asked to give cash then they asked to write my credit card number down ?
0	avoid this company if you can .
1	granted it was only $ _num_ but it was the only cash i had .
0	ugh .
1	the manager refunded my entire tip in cash .
0	i wish i would have taken a picture .
1	cash only is really customer friendly as well .
0	however , i think i would try somewhere else to dine .
1	absolutely rude service and they have a _num_ year old running the cash register .
0	i sent it back - showed the gal my burned pastrami sandwich .
1	there were _num_ people behind the counter discussing their cash register 's program .
0	this particular location is horrible .
1	i walked in and noticed a cashier counting money from the cash register .
0	i said no , not yet which was probably a mistake .
1	con : they only accept cash .
0	they wo n't even bother to tell you that they will come !
1	she finally got the receipt and gave me $ _num_ cash back .
0	i did n't think it could get any worse ... .
1	at this point i shrugged and took out some cash .
0	i am definitely not going back to complete the transaction .
1	if you use them ... pay cash or make sure you check your accounts .
0	this place has ok food and bad customer service .
1	once they had their cash in hand we apparently were not worth their time .
0	her corned beef was brown and bad .
1	of course there is an atm inside that charges $ _num_ for cash .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	told me i could not pay by credit card only cash or check .
0	i absolutely hate this place .
1	back at the cash register , the mug rings up $ _num_ .
0	_num_ .
1	spend the extra cash to get a better room at a better hotel .
0	luckily we had a fabulous dinner at another restaurant instead .
1	the store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards .
0	glad i tried this place but wo n't rush back .
1	the worst part is that the place is cash only !
0	i bought pastries at this place several times before .
1	i was forced to walk to an atm and take cash out .
0	i unfortunately ordered the fettuccine alfredo -- worst ever .
1	because that is what all reputable operations do , run on a cash basis .
0	this was n't it .
1	also , consider paying cash .
0	rude to patron and to his own colleagues .
1	we were a cash patient and received no discounts .
0	not the drivers fault .
1	i had cash to buy a car and opted to go elsewhere .
0	the baby starts coming out : doctors runs in my room .
1	sales and kohl 's cash make their usually ridiculous prices a lot more reasonable .
0	somewhat slow service and somewhat overpriced .
1	i ran to walgreens next door to get some cash .
0	and the pedicure was really really painful !
1	i was most impressed with the cash versus credit pricing .
0	we mention our reservation , he says no problem _num_ min ... great !
1	turns out you get coupons that are like cash .
0	our server was attentive , almost to a fault .
1	pass on this place and take your hard earned cash elsewhere .
0	and the service just was disappointing , all for take out .
1	$ _num_ - cash only .
0	completely ridiculous .
1	it was a pretty big party & some major cash was spent .
0	my salad came out shortly after the appetizer sliders .
1	they only accept cash , probably because they make up prices as they go .
0	i 'm sorry but what is the big deal ?
1	gave my cash tip and went on my way .
0	the karaoke had a very limited selection .
1	lastly , they only accept cash .
0	the food was also disappointing .
1	from the front cash register to the pictures in the back dining area .
0	this review is more for the repair end of bbb .
1	no signs post that the entire place is cash only .
0	all of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go .
1	who was working the cash register for two games and rental shoes .
0	general tso chicken lacks in chicken .
1	there is always a sale and they often run kohl 's cash promotions .
0	she had to check with kitchen several times to answer our questions .
1	if i do n't have cash , i 'd rather not buy any drinks .
0	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
1	i do n't mind them being cash only .
0	_num_ cents per slice for every topping ?
1	i left without being helped and cash still in my pocket .
0	very disappointing .
1	i did n't care for the girl at the cash register .
0	not worth the $ _num_ .
1	also , they accepted cash only .
0	no , she went ahead anyway .
1	no cash back , no gift card .
0	so one month _num_ tech support calls later i got this information .
1	i 've never seen it somewhere stating they only take cash .
0	went for a friend 's birthday and had the worst experience ever .
1	oh and on that note , they only take cash also .
0	my girlfriend had a similarly bland meal .
1	cash only and they 're out of fries .
0	nothing but flavorless , americanized chinese food .
1	paid the bill in cash and change was n't returned .
0	every single time i go through the drive-thru i do n't get a straw .
1	_num_ bucks to cash my check .
0	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
1	i noticed i had no cash on me because i wanted to tip .
0	had no clue what i was talking about .
1	he asked me if i had $ _num_ cash on me .
0	let me just say that this used to be a place i loved .
1	i had no cash on me so it put me in a weird spot .
0	wo n't be returning .
1	and why he demanded cash .
0	the soup tasted spoiled , the tomatoes in my salad were frozen and mushy .
1	she again was rushing off when i yelled back , we are paying cash .
0	first off , i kept hearing about these pancakes i got ta try .
1	do n't waste your time or cash here .
0	_num_ .
1	my wife and i generally do n't carry cash on us .
0	horrible brunch experience .
1	also they only take cash here .
0	this is the last time i try this unclean and rude establishment .
1	hand me my order and cash me out ! )
0	i would never come back .
1	she refunds me around _num_ bucks in cash to make up for the overcharge .
0	it then took another _num_ minutes to get wine glasses .
1	ps : the spot is cash only , which is also annoying .
0	two grape size tomatoes , and two thin slices of cucumber .
1	it 's _num_ , what legit business only takes cash or checks ?
0	if you want something delivered you have to wait about _num_ hours .
1	cash only really sucks .
0	not one employee even said hello !
1	just keep in mind , at this moment the caf is still cash only .
0	fried rice super bland .
1	if you are feeling brave , you might want to pay with cash .
0	at least with this experience , did not have the best server .
1	cash out a ticket worth anything though , and they expect a tip !
0	i 've been going to this bar randomly over the last _num_ years .
1	plus cash only to pay really ?
0	the veal was soggy and chewy and the sauce was sub par .
1	nothing special , and it 's cash only .
0	service was just barely adequate on this visit .
1	there is n't a cash register .
0	this place is just not our usual dive bar .
1	it is a cash only establishment and the staff was very rude .
0	giving _num_ stars instead of _num_ just cause i 've had worse .
1	the cashier refunded my credit card transaction in cash .
0	i could n't even pick them up .
1	this was after waiting 20+ minutes at the register with cash in hand .
0	i 'd never had the food before .
1	first thing they said to us was , we only accept cash .
0	worse than eat park quality .
1	they attempted to charge my card despite the fact that i paid cash .
0	breakfast was good .
1	we paid them in cash $ _num_ with the extra $ _num_ .
0	i would give this eat n park location zero stars if i could .
1	obviously , if you choose to patronize this establishment , pay cash .
0	thumbs down !
1	i went there and _num_ girls were standing behind the cash register .
0	no tip , never coming back .
1	section as you make your way to the cash register .
0	send it my way , i 'll get you payment .
1	i said no , i carry zero cash .
0	my biggest complaint is the drink prices .
1	i later found that they charge my credit card even though we paid cash .
0	fired oysters and scallops over $ _num_ here .
1	the man at the register proceeded to cash out other patrons , ignoring us .
0	but when the bill came there was none of that .
1	also , the cash only tip policy is ridiculous .
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	i get up to the cash register and she charges me for them .
0	it was just as lousy as the lunch .
1	first of all , the place is cash only .
0	the hostess was very short with me and my date .
1	first of all his haircut was awful and they only accepted cash .
0	no idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way .
1	not to mention this place is cash only .
0	my return is questionable .
1	i mean , our cash is as green as the next guy 's !
0	too pricey for the quality .
1	i paid in cash & was too upset to leave them a tip .
0	_num_ .
1	first of all , cash only , people , no plastic .
0	i was thinking this place might be like that .
1	very inconvenient in a world where cash is pretty much on the way out .
0	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
1	finally they allowed me to put down cash .
0	our pizza was burnt .
1	went there tonight around _num_ am and was told it was cash only .
0	i 'm not a beer drinking novice .
1	i went into this store to make a cash payment on my credit card .
0	do n't take it out on the person they are incorrectly calling .
1	this place pays cab driver 's cash to drop you off .
0	however , they have several cooked selections .
1	bring cash , decent drinks , lots of bathrooms !
0	this is the second bad experience i 've had at this particular location .
1	this place is cash only so make sure you bring it .
0	actually there was nothing basement like about it .
1	we walked in , and immediately saw the `` cash only '' sign .
0	i managed one bite and was done .
1	it does n't say cash only anywhere inside or on the menu either .
0	we had to go , it was getting way too late .
1	worst thing was that they are cash only .
0	the worst service ever .
1	how about the extra cash i spent to get it quickly the first time ?
0	- kind of dead on a monday night with 3/4 of the place empty .
1	luckily i had cash so i paid her for exactly what i had ordered .
0	add that to the place , the staff , the price - go elsewhere .
1	not a big deal , but did n't have cash .
0	not here .
1	needless to say , we left to find cash and brought it back .
0	however , there were three hostesses at the bar chatting and seemingly doing nothing .
1	it 's _num_ , people hardly carry cash anymore !
0	it 's not worth the money .
1	- no cash discount plus the price increase .
0	my house is under 1,000 sf .
1	cash for coin though ?
0	the size that i ordered required zero alterations .
1	i took it out the warmer and proceeded to the cash register .
0	waste of time .
1	sorry cheba hut , you wo n't be getting my cash anymore .
0	the service is n't frequent enough .
1	they have young kids working the cash register with no customer service experience .
0	food is terrible .
1	asking me to pay cash ... whatever .
0	what a disappointment .
1	i left the option on the computer for zero tip because i had cash .
