0	swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
1	did the chef even taste this before sending it out ?
0	he said , `` no , absolutely not .
1	and i was trained by real chinese chefs .
0	i wish i could give them _num_ stars ... total waste of money .
1	brandon is the chef to request he puts on a great show .
0	stuck in my lease until february .
1	they have a wonderful chef !
0	i left , and do n't intend to return .
1	the chef is fantastic !
0	never received a refill on my soda .
1	very attentive service by both the waitress and the sushi chef .
0	they squeezed _num_ people into _num_ small tables given the restaurant was fairly empty .
1	bartender and chefs are super cool .
0	um , not me , thanks .
1	she just told me it 's the same chef all along .
0	the desk ) until i 've given the room the all clear .
1	the quality was disappointing even for a korean sushi chef .
0	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
1	to the chefs at the capital grille ... well done !
0	staff training is badly needed .
1	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
0	they get maximum money for average seafood ( or anything else ) .
1	i usually sit with the other chef but even so i feel uncomfortable .
0	potatoes or pasta are always included with marsala .
1	sorry chef jeff .
0	no stars !
1	( maybe because the chef was watching football more than half the time . )
0	i was then transferred to housekeeping where i was constantly sent to a voicemail .
1	he is their best chef by far .
0	it was not good .
1	no bacon , which almost always comes in a chef 's salad .
0	the dough was also fairly dense .
1	great local chef selection menu and the regular menu .
0	not too shabby .
1	not enough waiters , the chef has to come out to serve by himself .
0	they do n't even have a restroom for customers !
1	lastly why does a japanese restaurant have a mexican chef make rolls ?
0	no dipping oil with herbs and spices .
1	the bad reviews are true about chef rubber .
0	that 's an automatic star in this dead city .
1	it was a little bit awkward , just us and the sushi chefs .
0	the service was ok , not the best not the worst .
1	the restaurant is somewhat dingy , and the sushi chefs are not overly responsive .
0	stopped by sunday morning .
1	i think she meant cook , i ca n't believe they have a chef .
0	instead all squash was replaced by peppers ... which i can not eat .
1	i love all the chef 's , but alex is our favorite !
0	the reuben and fries were soggy and greasy .
1	the server and chef were very efficient and personable .
0	i found this restaurant online and in my hotel room magazine .
1	our chef was not personable or a good show .
0	i have never been so uncomfortable in my life .
1	according to her chef the food was never cold .
0	it was hot in there and i do n't think they have ac .
1	sushi chef ( andy ) i believe his name was gave horrible service .
0	i was quickly greeted by paul - who was great !
1	thanks chef tony !
0	i 'm genuinely disappointed with the recent changes .
1	i am disappointed that a high-end steakhouse does not have a pastry chef .
0	i am not sure if i will go back which is really a shame .
1	tasted just like chef boy r d from a can .
0	we made the unfortunate decision to make a reservation here for a special occasion .
1	the workers are not greek chefs and are very condescending .
0	rules made by men .
1	the shrimp were shrimp , and what chef puts fries and onion strings together .
0	the servers are rude and slow , and the food is awful .
1	and i hear the chef getting mad pointing at me screaming about pico .
0	no beer either .
1	maybe it was a bad day for the chef ?
0	the steak was overcooked .
1	when we returned the raw eggs the chef returned the eggs over hard .
0	i was excited about dining at this place before _num_ minutes of frustration .
1	it did n't seem like the chefs knew how to make italian food .
0	unfortunately , this place is pretty dirty .
1	from the sounds coming from the other side the chefs were great .
0	the pittsburgh auto show was held at the david l. convention center .
1	the chef came out then promptly dumped the veggies and raw meat together .
0	they call me up and tell me the tire is the wrong size .
1	our waitress replied chef said this is exactly how we serve this dish everyday .
0	just bad .
1	the chef does not care .
0	crab fries , naturally .
1	the food was delicious and the chef was very talented and entertaining !
0	sorry buca , a previous visit was much better than this one .
1	it was n't the display chef 's fault !
0	bland .
1	service is great chefs are friendly new fav place !
0	the half order of ribs looked like a full rack .
1	being a pastry chef myself , i had to try it .
0	i agree _num_ % on maggie g 's review .
1	the chef always walks past and asks how your food is - great touch !
0	they already had my money , so why be courteous now ?
1	the chef is amazing .
0	oily , greasy and bad taste .
1	think of a chef 's salad , but worse .
0	the range itself had terrible ventilation .
1	the third course was a chef choice platter .
0	this restaurant is horrible .
1	then the chef comes out to rush us .
0	the morning of checkout my bill had not been placed under the door .
1	horrible , the chef was unhappy to be behind the counter .
0	there is nothing to eat within walking distance .
1	i give _num_ star cuz chef bring steak back to me .
0	there 's nothing fast about this fast food .
1	the looks that chef would get from the workers and customers would be epic !
0	this makes me sad to write this .
1	the chefs at san carlos deserve credit for the fantastic craft that they do .
0	you 're better off with a garden hose .
1	thank you chef vincent !
0	the place had a great location but otherwise it 's a waste .
1	our food was very tasty , our chef was very personable and entertaining .
0	terrible service .
1	i also got the small chef salad this time .
0	giving _num_ stars instead of _num_ just cause i 've had worse .
1	we had the chef 's tasting menu and i 'm so happy we did .
0	but it was n't over .
1	apparently , the original chef was replaced and no advanced notice given .
0	i 'm upset and offended .
1	shame on you owner and sushi chef !
0	it is dirty and the employees are lazy and exceptionally slow .
1	the chefs board was really good , had enough to share with _num_ people .
0	i do n't get it .
1	there is an omelet chef making you the omelet your way !
0	worst wendy 's i have ever had .
1	the chefs where rude .
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've had .
1	the chef and staff were friendly , funny , and so much fun .
0	all i tasted was burnt oil .
1	had a great hibachi chef with yummy rolls to accompany my meal .
0	i have eaten at this restaurant before and the service was n't so bad .
1	the chef expertly prepared my meal .
0	the main reason for the low rating was the service .
1	i absolutely love sue and the sushi chef !
0	wo n't be going back .
1	and seen this place change chefs and owners !
0	the waiter said she only comes to town twice a year .
1	secondly , the chef had sizzling salmon on the buffet .
0	terrible for business travel .
1	anyway , the food is always delish , compliments to the chef .
0	weird experience .
1	the chefs are similar to what you will get any hibachi place .
0	it also was served at room temperature .
1	the server was friendly and the sushi chefs too .
0	the menu said nothing about that , so i had no idea .
1	every watch that chef on iron chef ?
0	i was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant .
1	i doubt it was a chef .
0	there was only one waitress on for the whole restaurant , upstairs and down .
1	the executive chef should know better !
0	where i am at , really there is no delivery but these guys did .
1	the chef came out , apologized , and offered to cook a new steak .
0	it pains me to leave any tip for them .
1	but the reply from chef was really making me upset .
0	on wet cardboard .
1	the sushi chefs were either rushed , new , or incompetent .
0	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
1	our chef was lacking any kind of personality or energy .
0	penne was mediocre at best .
1	italian chefs i know would be rolling on the ground .
0	i was a little salty with her , i 'll admit .
1	_num_ star for the chefs .
0	what a terrible experience .
1	this chef does n't even know how to cook vegetables .
0	$ _num_ wasted because i never got my massage .
1	the chefs are great .
0	it 's clear that cleanliness is not a priority here .
1	i loved how interactive the chef was .
0	the cab was taking forever , so we called a different company .
1	got the top shelf margs and a chef 's sampler .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	then he 'd go back to his sushi chef and make comments in japanese .
0	the front waiting area was in mass confusion .
1	for a professional chef 's restaurant the `` pasta '' was mediocre .
0	_num_ .
1	they obviously have a new chef and the friendly staff is gone .
0	this family of _num_ wo n't be visiting china sea ever again .
1	in the past months they changed chef and manager .
0	i am _num_ and i was probably youngest patron .
1	food was good , and surprising considering the chef was cooking it all there .
0	ie skinny burgers with simple ingredients ( ie american cheese and ketchup ) .
1	his french pastry chef is extraordinary .
0	i would give this place half a star if i could .
1	the pasta was cooked perfectly , a sign of a stellar chef .
0	what a horrible experience !
1	not sure what executive chef runs this kitchen and what their standards are .
0	this sandwich shop lacks all of those things .
1	staff was very friendly ( hostess , waitress and chef ) .
0	so , i got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it .
1	if you 're not familiar , daily chef makes tons of different frozen foods .
0	if i could give this place less than one star , i would .
1	which apparently offended him as a chef ... or something .
0	the kicker is that this was n't the first time this has happened .
1	there 's no way a real japanese sushi chef would have made this .
0	after ordering from here my credit card number was stolen .
1	adam was our teppan chef and he was amazing .
0	anybody that is not would be totally screwed by these people .
1	she said its the same chef , same squid , same way .
0	furthermore , the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par .
1	the manager apologized and went to grab a chef for us .
0	lots of tv 's and ok atmosphere so i will squeeze out _num_ stars .
1	the owner thinks he 's a _num_ star chef .
0	does n't even deserve one star !
1	the server and the chef were extremely helpful in answering questions and making suggestions .
0	it was like having a standard old boring burger .
1	alex was a phenomenal chef .
0	could have been a fluke , but i am guessing msg ?
1	the soups and salads were amazing , the chef was fun and efficient .
0	that 's where the praise ends .
1	the basics , the specials , the chef 's specials etc .
0	she was sick six ways to sunday .
1	friendly faces and a great show put on by the chefs .
0	i would give carolina auto repair no stars if possible .
1	guess the change in head chefs was a big deal after all .
0	sorry to say that will be my last visit .
1	our hibachi chef was absolutely horrible !
0	next time your country ass needs to stay home from work .
1	the food was all excellent and our chef was friendly and fun to watch .
0	total mess .
1	chris p. and the chef served a wonderful buffalo meatloaf .
0	the clams were served raw with a burnt bread crumb topping .
1	i believe he is a sushi chef and certainly lacks management skills .
0	if you really hate someone , you should take them to this restaurant .
1	such a let down ... chef had zero personality and the food matched .
0	, the service was fine , but the food was totally forgettable .
1	the chefs were n't engaging , did n't really seem happy to be there .
0	went here a night during final four ( basket ball ) .
1	i 'm a gourmet chef and so i can be picky about my ingredients .
0	on top of that the cake was n't even fresh .
1	not even the finest sushi chef in the valley could save you , benihana !
0	every interaction seems designed to make people feel awkward .
1	he has spent a lot of time being a chef and serving tables .
0	but she said no , we absolutely could not order ice cream separately .
1	the sushi chefs were not interested in being there and you could totally tell .
0	is n't that why we bring clothes to the cleaners in the first place ?
1	the chefs could n't even see their hands .
0	ugh .
1	our chef was very nice and entertaining .
0	i mean thin like salad dressing , runny , thin .
1	worst sushi experience i have ever had and i was a sushi chef myself .
0	they next wanted to try my hands and i refused .
1	thank chef , scott and staff !
0	staff was supposed to help with a reservation and dropped the ball .
1	they have some of the best chef salads in town .
0	ugh ... do n't waste your time or your money !
1	this `` chef '' is blatantly trying to rip people off .
0	the clerk said she was sorry .
1	my reply was can you get a new chef in the kitchen .
0	_num_ .
1	so , no more $ _num_ chef salads .
0	we left , went to the charlotte store and they were amazing .
1	i love watching the chef ( s ) in this small open kitchen .
0	outside of the bread i ca n't say it was memorable in any way .
1	nope , the `` sushi chef '' does n't care .
0	paid for the lousy $ _num_ beer and got up .
1	their food is very fresh and their chef is a true culinary great .
0	yep , that description of their `` chorizo '' comes directly off their menu .
1	horrible experience with the chef .
0	time to check out and never come back .
1	we went late , so maybe the chef was having an off night .
0	no , she went ahead anyway .
1	chef been here since day one , tells you something about a place !
0	it 's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable .
1	the rolls were handled by a hispanic sushi chef .
0	there are no decent food options within walking distance .
1	i think the restaurant impossible should visit this place and fire the chef .
0	ps the maintenance staff are fabulous and deserve _num_ stars !
1	chef dan has an open kitchen that you can watch him create .
0	my water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it .
1	the atmosphere is plush and romantic , i had the chef 's tasting menu .
0	not sure why people like it so much .
1	chef tom is on it .
0	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
1	i dont know if they change their chef .
0	the parking situation is horrible .
1	it may be that it comes down to the chef .
0	did they think they could get away with it and we would n't notice ?
1	it 's always nice to see asian sushi chefs working the counters .
0	some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
1	the chef creates inventive delicious specials each week .
0	ridiculous .
1	both were very very good hats off to the chef .
0	there were bugs in my egg drop soup .
1	it was obviously not prepared by any chef .
0	my wild mushroom and chicken was not warm but tasted okay .
1	you need a new chef , immediately .
0	the service was mostly friendly but i was disappointed in my meal .
1	each dish the chef made was amazing !
0	this made everyone extremely uncomfortable !
1	the chefs were accommodating to my diet and happy to do so .
0	as for a place to spend money uptown i 'd skip it .
1	i highly recommend the chef menu with the wine pairing .
0	it was loud , but expected that on a friday night .
1	i immediately noticed how unfriendly the sushi `` chef '' was .
0	they said it would take another two hours to start work .
1	i am a chef myself and feel that the prices is not worth it .
0	wanting faster internet i signed up .
1	the chefs there really care about the food .
0	the only oyster on the menu is a terrible patty of some kind .
1	the chef salad was great !
0	no one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved .
1	i now realize the chef was hiding bad fish with massive amounts of wasabi .
0	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
1	the chef was friendly and therefore i give some stars .
0	the fries were soggy and soft , fish mediocre .
1	chefs can have an off day and food can turn , i get it .
0	the store itself seemed really outdated and stinky .
1	the chef needs to go back to culinary school .
0	it 's not worth it .
1	the waitstaff is decent , but the hibachi chefs are kind of weak .
0	he was very busy working on multiple people at the same time .
1	the chef uses really fresh ingredients .
0	gross . )
1	sarah , the executive chef , makes everything so delicious .
0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	the food was tasty and the chef was funny and interesting .
0	the bread was cold and hard .
1	cue more waiting , until our chef comes out about _num_ minutes later .
0	just chunks of tomato .
1	they need to get a better chef !
0	instead of _num_ .
1	the chef was entertaining but the food was n't very good .
0	disappointed in that .
1	i loved seeing the chef cook the food in front of me .
0	neither of us were surprised .
1	the hispanic sushi chef has no idea how to make sushi .
0	it was bitter cold outside .
1	great breakfasts from kind , talented chef .
0	they told a driver must have taken by accident .
1	chef lee always gets it right !
0	not here .
1	fantastic service by the wait staff and entertaining performance by the chef .
0	when i finally get someone on the phone , they are rarely helpful .
1	the food is good and the chefs are fun .
0	needless to say , i will not go here again .
1	they really need a second chef to help with the sushi .
0	i 've been a yelp user for years .
1	i handed the first chef my menu .
0	could not eat it .
1	the chef added more and re mixed my salad and it was wonderful .
0	this one , however , leaves a lot to be desired .
1	i ordered the chef 's appetizer special which did not disappoint .
0	shrimp tacos were ok just on a basic bed of slaw for $ _num_ .
1	our waiter kept our drinks full and our chef entertained all of us .
0	no no .
1	this chef has lost his way .
0	disappointing .
1	the hibachi chef did n't even ask how she wanted it to be cooked .
0	the steak was so chopped that it kept falling out of the bun .
1	the chef is a genius , the food was unique and memorable .
0	it was like getting waited on by 1st job people .
1	but the chef was not watching the meat .
0	loaded with cheese that had pools of grease swimming on it .
1	disappointing turnover with grill chefs .
0	she complained the tea was weak , i never noticed .
1	i do n't know how much i trust the chef there .
0	not gon na order from here again .
1	chef lee has transformed this phoenix classic into one of my favorite hidden treasures .
0	so i ordered _num_ for myself and my gf .
1	the owners need to hire new chefs and check the quality of their food .
0	_num_ the bread .
1	the chef was very heavy on the salt !
0	anyway , the food was not very good .
1	though their servers are friendly and helpful , the chefs are not .
0	overall , i 've got no complaints about the food .
1	really needs attention from its chef owner .
0	the soup was nothing to write home about .
1	the chicken was completely bland like the chef forgot any spices .
0	then the ultimate insult : _num_ kids came in selling candy bars .
1	the food looks like the chef does not care .
0	the food left much the be desired .
1	the chef is really interactive with the table which makes it all worth it !
0	there is an ok number of beers on tap .
1	there was only one sushi chef on duty .
0	one minute later all of our food was delivered cold .
1	our chef comes out of no where .
0	horrible customer service !
1	do not use a mexican chef .
0	firstly , the food had no flavor .
1	one server that served our area and a single chef for a weekend night ?
0	they did n't even cover up all of my roots !
1	the waiter ( owner , chef ? )
0	they charge for internet service in the room , that 's so _num_ !
1	three sushi chefs were present and busy when i was picking up .
0	i was very disappointed and would not order anything but wings here .
1	the new chef is amazing , far better than the previous one .
0	for the main course , i selected the gnocchi and grilled sausage .
1	had our drinks refilled , then finally the chef showed up .
0	we ca n't believe it .
1	the rice and chow mein was old than all the chefs there .
0	i mean , empty .
1	chef ramsey , where are you when we need you ?
0	also , my package was stolen twice .
1	that was thai chef over on international drive .
0	would i go back again ?
1	chef , runner and waitress all failed , the beer was good though .
0	the food itself was not too bad .
1	i would have been dissapointed as the chef to put that food out .
0	waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu .
1	i really like how you are able to see the chef prepare the sushi !
