0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	my home warranty company sent them out .
0	we had a terrible breakfast here not long ago .
1	as my boyfriend was talking with the cab company , a waitress walked by .
0	rules made by men .
1	extremely disappointed with this company .
0	_num_ minutes later he calls again and asks where we are .
1	my mother had the same experience with the same _num_ companies .
0	terribly salty `` lobster roll '' on greasy bread .
1	if i could rate this company zero stars , i would .
0	wrong !
1	my recommendation is to dump this company and find other cab service companies .
0	under renovations until december _num_ , _num_ .
1	this is the worst cab company in whole world .
0	tried to pressure me into buying a bed right then and there .
1	if i could give negative stars to a company i would !
0	i am visiting from california and was very disappointed with the service and food .
1	the other companies do n't look as bad as this one .
0	we also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good , also .
1	i would not recommend this company to do the towing .
0	they are a hot mess .
1	only good thing about this place was my company .
0	i ordered two chicken finger kids meals and two adult meals .
1	had a horrible experience with this company a few months ago .
0	thankfully i just dislike tomatoes and it was n't an allergy issue .
1	i would n't use this company to shine a new nickel for me !
0	i would certainly not recommend this dry cleaners to anyone .
1	i can not tell you how mad this company makes me .
0	they need to get some help in here or people will stop coming !
1	they stuck us with this obnoxious company .
0	very disappointed with this restaurant .
1	the cab was taking forever , so we called a different company .
0	omg , the cheese cake ( at $ _num_ ) was very dry .
1	this is really an incompetent company .
0	nevertheless , this place in the westin hotel is no different .
1	this is a dishonest company .
0	maybe i 'm just salty about the wait .
1	this is the worst experience i 've ever had with a tow company .
0	in a very rude voice .
1	the food has been very below this company 's standards .
0	not a good idea .
1	terrible , disgusting , the worst cab company !
0	i wo n't be back .
1	it 's sad because i thought they were a good , honest company .
0	the service has always been very slow .
1	the management staff and management company lincoln properties do not care about their residents .
0	same guy , same attitude .
1	i hate this company .
0	it 's a shame , because it was a beautiful gift .
1	this company 's contract is very frustrating to work with .
0	no one seems to know how the public transportation system works .
1	there 's a reason this company gets _num_ stars .
0	long story short , we passed on dessert .
1	this company is a complete fraud .
0	shame on you benihana .
1	horrible horrible horrible company .
0	i 've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced .
1	this company should be ashamed how little they care about the children .
0	rice was over cooked .
1	insurance companies do not pay the fee .
0	not real italian .
1	_num_ mins later i called a different cab company .
0	they did n't .
1	this is a new company to me .
0	worst venue iv been to .
1	stay away from this poorly run company !
0	avoid this place .
1	avoid this company like the plague .
0	find a new chef quickly .
1	arrowhead and bell lexus is owned by same company .
0	i am paying almost _num_ bucks for this sub .
1	a company should not have employees that scream at customers .
0	when the food arrived it was mediocre at best .
1	they do n't follow the parent company 's lead .
0	the staff at the downtown location tend to be rude .
1	very terrible experience with this company .
0	plus i was served teriyaki fajitas .
1	used this company through my appliance warranty .
0	the food is only okay .
1	worse , communication with this company is a nightmare .
0	i 'd give it zero stars if i could .
1	if i could give this company zero stars , i would .
0	even homemade wine and honey soaked cake wo n't bring me back again .
1	i 'll utilize another tour company during my next charlotte visit .
0	overcooked and cold .
1	two worst cab companies in phoenix az .
0	and , most sadly , the cup of coffee was weak .
1	avoid this company if you can .
0	breakfast was pathetic .
1	the company never responded to my questions in the store or online .
0	when i walked in the place was empty .
1	i would never hire this company again .
0	if this is personalized service , i 'd rather stay at a motel .
1	word to the wise , choose another company if at all possible .
0	as for beverages , they really skimp .
1	horrible company .
0	i 'd recommend stopping in another giant eagle if you can .
1	this company and leasing managers are racist and treat people like they are nothing .
0	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
1	i really wish i had read these reviews before ordering from this company .
0	i 'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant .
1	please avoid this company at all costs .
0	too bad the food was n't good .
1	this is a terrible company .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	finally a new tech from another az company realized it was installed wrong .
0	i waited _num_ minutes and finally walked out .
1	i can not recommend this company .
0	i mean , so so bad .
1	your company was also kind enough to suggest other insurance companies i should consider .
0	overpriced , very slow service , food was decent .
1	i 've never encountered a company with such an astounding lack of customer service .
0	we feel like our money was wasted .
1	even after constant complaints , this company has continued to deliver sub-par service .
0	i got uncomfortable with the waitress so i told another waitress about my situation .
1	do not do business with this company .
0	i feel i paid $ _num_ for a $ _num_ meal .
1	i would not recommend this company .
0	the bride chose a dress hoping it would look better in a smaller size .
1	my first visit to this steakhouse was a company lunch .
0	we used to visit this place most every time we went to pittsburgh .
1	secondly , the kitchen is one of the worst in the entire company .
0	was so excited to get your pizza today .
1	very disappointed with this company .
0	there probably wo n't be a wait !
1	when i got to my apt , i called the company to complain .
0	i felt like i spent $ _num_ for absolutely nothing .
1	note : my home warranty company chose this company .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	i wish we used another company , this one is pretty much worthless .
0	despite how great the food was , i wo n't be returning .
1	can you give a company zero stars ?
0	will not be returning .
1	the company was very unprofessional and rude .
0	however , i can order a salad with french fries on it .
1	too many other competent companies to model after .
0	something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad .
1	companies can not afford to have the worst customer service .
0	, but instead they decided to take advantage of my position .
1	i remember when going to the spaghetti company was something to look forward to .
0	we called about the issue and they sent someone over right away .
1	i would avoid this company at all costs !
0	they were pretty terrible .
1	they staff is friendly enough , but they are still a service biased company .
0	very little apology from the staff about the horrible experience .
1	valley towing company was the worst company i ever have .
0	not a fan of the french bread .
1	hertz ca n't even do what their whole company is about .
0	additionally , i was not too thrilled with the atmosphere or beer selection .
1	i do not like this company .
0	the restaurant is understaffed , poorly managed , and the staff is badly trained .
1	guess who was n't too busy , carnegie coffee company down the street .
0	annoying ?
1	okay , so as a company , i have never really minded gucci .
0	does n't seem like good customer service .
1	do not get a car loan from this company .
0	the wings do not come with celery .
1	also , it does not look good for the store or company at that .
0	the pasta was overcooked and the shrimp just sort of were there .
1	terrible experience with this company .
0	nope , wo n't be back .
1	please save your money and visit another store or company .
0	not sure what people see here but it 's a never again .
1	chicago hamburger company was better .
0	i stopped in on a whim alone and sat at the counter .
1	our property management company sent them out .
0	peel and eat shrimp were dry and tough , not fresh .
1	to make a long story short , beware of this rental company .
0	not good .
1	tried this parking company one time and will never do it again !
0	i will tell people not to go there and i will never go back .
1	hands down the most unprofessional , unreliable cab company i have ever dealt with .
0	the food at thai cuisine is more pitiful than my sense of direction .
1	bad company .
0	they are completely mean and disrespectful .
1	next month i will be renting from any other company besides enterprise .
0	the service was slow and lukewarm .
1	i will not purchase with this company .
0	let me first tell you that i 'm not really a sushi guy .
1	i run several companies and have never run into to this .
0	it 's not worth the money .
1	according to my cc company , we could wait still another _num_ weeks .
0	half my dish was potato .
1	this company is terrible .
0	this particular location is horrible .
1	for me it was a company meeting .
0	i am a ten minute drive from this location .
1	this negative review is for apple the company not necessarily this store .
0	this would easy go for $ _num_ at other places during lunch .
1	if i could give this company no stars i would have .
0	another disappointment .
1	do n't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies .
0	man was this place packed !
1	the one star rating is solely for the company policy .
0	i will never be back .
1	after _num_ yrs i can not support this kind of company .
0	i was not impressed with my sandwich there .
1	what a joke of a company .
0	as mentioned by others , this road is not in the best shape .
1	being so sick of arguing and speaking with this company i just agreed .
0	the managers do n't care .
1	sad , cause i always was a fan of this company .
0	service was horrible .
1	i 'd give this company zero stars if it were an option .
0	really do n't get the high praise for their pizza .
1	it 's difficult to do business with a company that you do not trust .
0	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
1	i will be filing a bbb complaint as well against this terrible management company !
0	the egg roll wasnt even cooked and the cabbage was awful .
1	do not buy anything from this company if you live out of state .
0	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
1	worst ac company in the whole valley !
0	no worries probably better for me .
1	do not use this company to transfer title .
0	i ordered the kung pao chicken and crab rangoon .
1	worst company ever .
0	the service was ok , not the best not the worst .
1	stay away , stay far away from this company .
0	they both looked old and one of them smelled old .
1	horrible , horrible company .
0	terrible .
1	i would not use this company again .
0	total waste of money .
1	original post written september _num_ - i do n't recommend this company .
0	this place is the worst motel i have ever stayed .
1	this is the worst company for customer service we have ever encountered .
0	weekend : dont bother .
1	philadelphia sandwich company was better , kinda .
0	the food is ok but it is really more or less chinese food .
1	i would be very very cautious of this company .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	i would never try to deal with this company again .
0	we will not be back .
1	i vote time warner cable the worst company of all times .
0	mediocre food and mediocre service .
1	never ever use this company .
0	there was absolutely no salt of them when they came out .
1	bad representation of the company .
0	for an appetizer , _num_ entrees , and naan .
1	company that takes five men for a simple oil change .
0	the service was absolutely horrible .
1	stay far away from this moving company .
0	the biggest problem ?
1	this company is the worst to deal with .
0	he called me to pick him up as i was paying the bill .
1	i advise everyone to stay away from this scam company .
0	their prices are cheap , and our food was just ok .
1	i do not trust this company and will cancel service with them this week .
0	we ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did .
1	i 'm sure it sucks working for a bad company .
0	so , after all was said and done , my sandwich was just ok .
1	very weak management company in my opinion .
0	going downhill ... ... man , what happened to this place ?
1	avoid this company .
0	a restaurant like just should be nowhere near your top _num_ .
1	i did not have to pay because i was on company business and _num_ .
0	stale .
1	that same day i called another company and booked them with no issues .
0	i was sick to my stomach when i left .
1	tried to purchase some dj equipment from this company .
0	this mcdonald 's is so bad it 's amazing .
1	there are cab companies in phoenix that you can rely on .
0	every time we go here , we come out highly stressed , which sucks .
1	do n't use this company .
0	first sign i chose to ignore .
1	my home warranty company assigned them to look into my a/c issues .
0	his immediate reaction was rolling his eyes and said no we do n't !
1	as a corporate dental company they do n't care about you as a patient !
0	the waiter was horrible and barely checked on us .
1	stay away from this group of companies .
0	it was _num_ % breading .
1	can i give these company a worse score ?
0	i will not be back again to eat .
1	i would not feed it to company at my home .
0	make sure your opening and closing time is listed correctly .
1	they upscale and pressure you like no other car company i 've worked with .
0	it really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients .
1	i assume he was the owner because he said `` my company '' .
0	there are other italian grocery stores close by .
1	now , what used to be a great cab company is run terribly .
0	we will not be going back .
1	really think twice before using this company .
0	not worth your money !
1	stay far away from this company .
0	i really wanted to write a good review , but the experience was disappointing .
1	madison public health department had burger king hire a pest control company .
0	life is too short for less than mediocre food .
1	this is the worst company to deal with .
0	terrible food .
1	clearly this company does n't work well with others .
0	while that was decent , it was n't exciting either .
1	my home warranty company gave me the number to carolina appliance service .
0	i was given a sofa bed to sleep on .
1	lame company .
0	the coleslaw was a couple pieces of lettuce with some carrots .
1	i called my insurance company to let them know they are bad for business !
0	a subpar meal and subpar service in addition to false marketing .
1	i have used this cab company several times for trips to phx airport .
0	that is not what you want to hear first thing in the morning !
1	i do n't have any more time to waste on this company .
0	the crab cake sandwich is well prepared but from rotten crab .
1	still a _num_ % shady company , still stand by my review _num_ % .
0	i did n't have an issue with the place or the other patrons .
1	the worst company !
0	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
1	i have never been so disappointed with a company .
0	the wait staff -- not too pleasant !
1	my company arranged this rental so i have no choice this time .
0	going here is like being in a time machine though .
1	this has got to be one of the worst companies i 've ever seen .
0	it 's just bad .
1	walked past a lot of companies and they may have had ( maybe ? )
0	it just was n't very good .
1	you just lost your company a regular client lady .
0	do not stay here .
1	he will not stop complaining about the company .
0	awful place , to bad i was looking forward .
1	your company , and your customer service sucks big time .
0	i say `` some '' turkey wrap because it was really that unimpressive !
1	this company does n't deserve even zero star .
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	be warned , this company will absolutely nickel and dime you .
0	there were zero other people here aside from my friend and i .
1	the bruce company is very , very expensive .
0	it was truly , truly just plain sad .
1	worst company to use .
0	why would they want to risk a customer not coming back .
1	i said no because im already late enough because of your company .
0	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
1	do not use this company !
0	_num_ minutes later ... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there .
1	duke energy is the only electric company in town .
0	mine was not very cold and his pour was light .
1	she made me not want to use this company .
0	_num_ woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable .
1	this can company is terrible !
0	i had the same problem on my laptop , ipad and iphone .
1	i would never deal with your company again .
0	none of that .
1	if you have a choice , do not use this company .
0	there are much better italian restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	luckily i only had an one night stay that was paid by my company .
0	noisy snow tires in the summer !
1	did your company help , hell no !
0	the place was totally dusty and there was no ac .
1	never again will i rent from this company .
0	the first winter storm and the cable and internet is out .
1	so far this company has been very disappointing .
0	first of all , the store was messy .
1	shame on this company !
0	i would probably not come back .
1	ca n't wait to move out of this company .
0	ate here on a saturday night for a friend 's birthday .
1	every other company i could have walked up and rented a car .
0	this place has gone downhill tremendously .
1	the owner of this company was a completely greedy business owner .
0	people just seemed to be standing around this whole place for no reason .
1	this is one of those companies that you will wish you never dealt with .
0	_num_ dollars for _num_ people .
1	the company is run by morons .
0	seriously i waited in the drive thru for like _num_ minutes .
1	my advice -- decline everything when renting a car from this company .
0	i sadly had to throw most of it away .
1	dropping fedex packages off for my company .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	i would caution against this rental company .
0	the ambiance is a little strange .
1	do not buy tickets from this company .
0	i sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared .
1	i called another cab company immediately afterwards and had absolutely no problem with them .
0	you will leave smelling like cooking oil .
1	keep _num_ hand on your money if you deal with this sleazy company .
0	he gave them a quick polish and took $ _num_ off the price .
1	avoid hertz and go with a reputable company instead .
0	had n't been here for several years , horrible disappointment .
1	we saw bugs _num_ weeks later and are shopping for a new company .
0	all that said , the huge table of _num_ had left .
1	someone at the company is making the application record up or cooking the book .
0	annoying waiter .
1	possible the most frustrating company i have ever interacted with .
0	not even a ceiling fan in sight .
1	do not use this company .
0	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
1	horrible horrible company !
0	the person checking me out was not hospitable .
1	useless company and a waste of my time .
0	the building is old and dirty .
1	if my company had n't prepaid for the stay , i would have left .
0	otherwise , food and prices are not worth a stop .
1	worse property management company i have encountered !
0	total time spent _num_ hour for a $ _num_ drink .
1	how ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids .
0	not here .
1	one of the worst companies i have had the unpleasant experience of dealing with .
0	it was awful !
1	they are the worst company to ever deal with all they want is money !
0	do n't expect too much .
1	neither of these companies care about their employees and is a complete joke .
0	not worth $ _num_ unfortunately the sausage platter was $ _num_ .
1	their insurance company is not very nice to deal with .
