0	it 's not that hard .
1	conditions were great and staff was accomodating and nice .
0	it is way too expensive .
1	no air conditioning on flight from palm springs to phoenix in august .
0	i 've been going to this bar randomly over the last _num_ years .
1	the kitten was weak and in poor condition .
0	the biggest downfall of duke 's , though , is the food .
1	my clothes always come back in perfect condition .
0	too bad even then the orders are not right .
1	they have n't even look at my apartment conditions .
0	it 's fairly disgusting ( sticky tables , trash everywhere ) .
1	my favorite though is the air conditioning situation which is not acceptable .
0	the worst bakery i ever shopped in !
1	i received my glasses in perfect condition !
0	this was a complete waste of my time and money .
1	they get _num_ stars cause of cart girl & course condition only !
0	noisy , dirty , poorly renovated and the worst customer service known to man .
1	thanks for scottsdale bible church 's kindly share all information without any condition .
0	worst bar ever .
1	the condition was wonderful and the staff was very nice !
0	they charge about $ _num_ for a drink with no free refills .
1	staff was perfectly friendly and the car was in great condition .
0	worst dry cleaners ever .
1	the air condition unit works very poorly .
0	however , the service is seriously lacking .
1	fairways seem to stay in very good condition as do the greens .
0	i really like the pizza and marinated vegetables .
1	after moving in in october our air conditioning broke after _num_ weeks .
0	the place was empty when we got there and when we left .
1	it felt like there was no air conditioning in that back room .
0	our bill was over $ _num_ .
1	they do n't have conditioner , they have conditioning shampoo .
0	so i had to eat my sides cold .
1	more than that , i felt very uncomfortable with the condition of the salon .
0	worst food in pittsburgh .
1	great prices and pretty decent condition of most of the items , too !
0	i do n't regret it at all .
1	and lets not get started on the condition of the equipment .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	worst conditions i have ever seen in april on a golf course .
0	and ... i was pretty underwhelmed .
1	if both of those conditions are n't true , then go anywhere else .
0	another sour note , they dropped off some spring rolls at our table .
1	i ca n't eat in these conditions .
0	cutting too many corners .
1	the course was in excellent condition , especially the back nine .
0	the hem was n't even touched and they charged me $ _num_ .
1	the course was in excellent condition .
0	we will still go here just not try to eat .
1	new one arrived in perfect condition .
0	also the sandwich did not stick together like a melted sandwich should .
1	i sold them _num_ hard copy books in great condition .
0	the horrible location ?
1	park maintenance not in good condition .
0	their prices are cheap , and our food was just ok .
1	filthy would be a step up from the actual conditions .
0	consider where this place is , the prices are really really high .
1	for proximity to downtown , and good course conditions , i would return .
0	turns out , that wine was not included and was a $ _num_ bottle .
1	she was unable to readily diagnose my condition .
0	finally , i find one after _num_ minutes of wondering around .
1	the place is clean and well air conditioned during this hot summer .
0	thanks but probably wo n't be back .
1	pretty good condition .
0	seriously though , their food is so bad .
1	the laundry room is always in deplorable conditions .
0	even the water tasted weird .
1	the course was in excellent condition and the staff was very friendly and helpful .
0	worst service .
1	the clothes were in good condition .
0	it 's horrible .
1	under normal conditions this can take 1-2 weeks driving around town .
0	this store is not customer service friendly .
1	the greens were great condition .
0	the manager did n't seem to care at all about our situation .
1	i was so disappointed and appalled at the condition of this attraction .
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	they replaced and repaired everything to perfect condition !
0	i am definitely not going back to complete the transaction .
1	the fairways were in bad condition as well .
0	and not giving real receipts ( they use hand written ones ! )
1	he did n't give a clear enough idea about my condition .
0	atmosphere is awesome ... food is terrible .
1	all in good condition .
0	i do n't have that problem at other arby 's .
1	linguini in that condition at home even on a week night in a rush !
0	the lobster inside was a small amount , cold and tough .
1	terrible sanitary condition .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	they are not compassionate or understanding to my condition .
0	harris grill , i think your menu is trying too hard .
1	my mother was thrilled with the colors and beautiful condition of the flowers .
0	the bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time .
1	models do not reflect the condition of the apartments , which is abysmal .
0	the beginning check in should 've been a red flag for us to run .
1	my painting arrived in perfect condition .
0	terrible service .
1	course in great condition ... .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	this course is in horrible condition .
0	glad we went , but we wo n't go back .
1	very poor conditions , both fairways & greens .
0	dirty paper towels all over the women 's bathroom .
1	much of the stuff is in very good to almost new condition .
0	disgusting .
1	( the tires on my vehicle were in extremely poor condition . )
0	maybe i just ordered the wrong thing on the wrong day .
1	the car is fantastic and in great condition - i love it !
0	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
1	they were returned is perfect condition .
0	it all could have been so easily avoided .
1	the room was clean and well air conditioned and everything worked perfectly .
0	terrible .
1	she takes time to talk with you and explain what your conditions are .
0	delivery came somewhat cold , extremely bland .
1	the course is always in fantastic condition .
0	ca n't comment on any other time but this really hectic one .
1	the course is in great shape for summer conditions .
0	i will never step foot in this place again .
1	no , definitely condition x , he says .
0	she then rings me up .
1	we spent $ _num_ for _num_ to play a course in terrible condition .
0	i was presented with ... an empty plate .
1	i too felt that he was disgusted by my skin condition .
0	the burger and `` spicy '' cajun soup were very mediocre .
1	car condition is superior .
0	the food is mediocre ( at best ) .
1	great conditions , friendly staff , and great clubhouse .
0	apparently , we were out of luck .
1	their properties are clean and in beautiful condition .
0	very poor form on the owners part .
1	delivery took about _num_ minutes , but everything was in perfect condition and temperature .
0	it was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing .
1	this course was in horrible condition .
0	i only stopped because i needed ta repair that day and they were close .
1	it came back fixed , cleaned and in perfect condition .
0	sadly , the professionalism of the front desk never got better .
1	dusty non air conditioned dining area with super uncomfortable seating .
0	i ate less than half of the meal and left .
1	terrible conditions .
0	just my _num_ cents .
1	nice rolling hills and excellent conditions made for a great morning .
0	service is bad when you enter .
1	perfect condition , fast turnaround .
0	_num_ .
1	did n't seem to be worried about mia 's condition .
0	they place no value on customer satisfaction .
1	appalling conditions .
0	mash potatoes were dry and tasted gritty like it came from a box .
1	love the course conditions here which get the high rating .
0	i read about good stuff here but was very disappointed .
1	first off they still have no air conditioning in this record setting heat .
0	i have n't been back .
1	always an interesting selection of beers with the occasional cask condition variety .
0	probably wo n't be back .
1	the bike was high-end and in good mechanical condition .
0	the veggies were about average , not fresh , but did n't taste gross .
1	vehicles were clean and in great condition .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	packed my goods and arrived on time on perfect condition .
0	for something that took so long to get it should have been hot .
1	horrid conditions .
0	never a dull moment .
1	the grass is kept in good condition and the staff is friendly .
0	i ate at this restaurant last night with three dining companions .
1	their comics are also in poor condition .
0	there are also not many place to eat around the hotel .
1	the clothes on their racks look clean , and are in good condition .
0	the chicken was also extremely dry .
1	for starters the mens bathroom is in extremely poor condition .
0	food was _num_ out of _num_ for this type of bar / restaurant .
1	they had the air conditioning so cold we almost left .
0	i was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant .
1	they made the existing condition worse .
0	they do n't make whole pies and slice them up for individual slice orders .
1	he diagnosed my condition , then said to do a follow up .
0	certainly , this was not worth the $ _num_ price .
1	i wouldnt play here for over $ _num_ unless they really improve conditions .
0	from start to finish , the entire evening was a terrible experience .
1	they ruined _num_ new shirts and will not stand by their conditions of sale .
0	the whole experience can be both amusing and depressing at the same time .
1	long 's just was n't capable of treating his condition .
0	worst experience .
1	he does n't know anything about me or my many medical conditions .
0	and the prices too high .
1	the staff takes care to continuously improve the course and watch the conditions .
0	great shrimp cocktail but i wish i had my fish sandwich across the street .
1	it was way over priced for the condition of the room and area .
0	employees are unhelpful and rude .
1	i could never understand how anyone could leave their dog in those conditions .
0	the pork fried rice was actually pork burnt rice , nasty ( _num_ ) .
1	_num_ weeks sitting on the lot in less than clean condition ?
0	the air conditioning was non existent , which is a hangover nightmare .
1	the condition of the golf course is always immaculate .
0	the customer almost feels like they are bothering the workers .
1	sadly , the worst part was the condition of the restaurant .
0	please do n't eat this food .
1	i played this course in excellent condition and so so condition .
0	yelp need to have a zero rating for places like this .
1	water glasses empty , fries empty , right under an air conditioning vent .
0	the mediocre : everything else .
1	staff was friendly and got the bike running in great condition .
0	and never refilled our empty water glasses .
1	the store condition is terrible , there are never any carts !
0	the corn lacked butter .
1	reasonably good service and air conditioned .
0	there is much better mexican food and drink in the 'burgh .
1	golf course is in poor condition .
0	i was quickly greeted by paul - who was great !
1	good condition and fun course .
0	the waitress was n't rude , but she just was n't there .
1	it 's air conditioned and super clean .
0	also the driver forgot to bring my drinks .
1	however , since the rental conditions changed , the rate changed as well .
0	_num_ % of the time , the eggs are not done anyway .
1	his eye is still in the same condition and i have $ _num_ less .
0	if you are under _num_ you must be accompanied by a _num_ year old .
1	but not worth their unsanitary condition .
0	in the future i 'll stick with scoops for my neighborhood ice cream fix .
1	very loud air conditioning unit .
0	absolutely horrible service .
1	condition of the course was poor .
0	do n't order from this shop if you want a timely delivery .
1	under those conditions , i say go for it .
0	the worst part of this last visit was the service .
1	keeps my car in great condition .
0	first time nothing unusual happened .
1	not the best conditions but a great course with excellent views .
0	the walls were dirty , nasty and dingy .
1	the conditions were pretty good , and the `` theme '' was novel .
0	i was starving so at this point i just made do .
1	also , no air conditioning in phoenix in august .
0	the clerk said she was sorry .
1	my rental car was in great condition for the most part .
0	i then turned around and walked out .
1	i 'm very satisfied i finally found a good , honest air conditioning company .
0	the first half dragged .
1	will report back in the condition of my shirts .
0	i just do n't get how anyone could like it ?
1	course is amazing condition for summer time in the phoenix area .
0	the terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago ?
1	my air conditioning broke down a total of four times my stay here .
0	here 's where i ran into problems .
1	the course itself was in excellent condition , from tee boxes to greens .
0	it 's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food .
1	air conditioning not strong .
0	with ron 's , you are better off considering fast food .
1	+ the greens are in great condition .
0	only plus is the beer was $ _num_ and they validate parking .
1	horrid service , attitude , and sanitary conditions .
0	i do n't know how people keep coming here .
1	stylish clothes in great condition , for decent prices .
0	the worst dental office i ever been .
1	conditions were piss poor .
0	i talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side .
1	the course was n't even in the best condition .
0	it 's a shame .
1	beautiful course in outstanding condition .
0	smoky , but not horribly so .
1	i figure eh ' maybe they just need to turn the air conditioning up .
0	as others have said you never know what kind of service you will get .
1	my apartment was clean and left in rent able condition when i left .
0	the rolls were extremely bland and chewy .
1	got a kia soul that was in good condition .
0	their chicken is better too .
1	we just received the car which was in perfect condition .
0	terrible service .
1	his records are in good to excellent condition .
0	takeout is gross .
1	tennis courts are in perfect condition and the golf course is a phx classic !
0	check the expiration dates on all purchase from here !
1	my biggest complaints are the lack of cleanliness and the overall condition .
0	i do not support this unethical business practice .
1	wonderful opportunity to explore arizona history and culture with air condition .
0	dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature .
1	the course overall was in great condition .
0	then i tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	always in the best condition .
0	years and years of spilled food / blood from the meat department and etc .
1	always in pretty good condition .
0	i ordered two orders of soup hot and sour and egg drop .
1	i explained to them that due to a condition i could not sit differently .
0	completely worthless wifi .
1	the comic books are priced well and in good condition .
0	visited on a friday night and it was pretty crowded .
1	the furniture arrived timely and was in good condition .
0	disappointed .
1	it was very dirty ( esp the carpet ) and in poor condition .
0	it was nothing that would make me want to come back .
1	well ... it 's air conditioned .
0	the owner gave that table to a local group who showed up after us .
1	then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition .
0	the server was nice , that is not the issue .
1	this is unheard in the air conditioning trade !
0	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
1	performance was solid and in pretty good condition !
0	it took about _num_ minutes , minimum , to get our first drinks .
1	conditions were great with the exception of some casual water in the bunkers .
0	the bar is really small and the staff was really unfriendly .
1	picked them up this morning and was thrilled at the condition !
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	they have sooo many bikes and they are all in perfect condition .
0	no way .
1	the course is in even worse condition from when the pictures were taken .
0	everything was just bland and disappointing .
1	i can only imagine the conditions in the kitchen .
0	poor customer service .
1	course conditions good , but not great .
0	went for lunch for hoagie , fries and _num_ cuts .
1	fast greens , tee boxes and fairways in great condition .
0	i am able to help move , i just could n't do it alone .
1	very poor condition .
0	maybe i chose poorly but i was n't impressed at all .
1	bathroom horrible condition .
0	wrong .
1	the cars we rented have always been clean and in good condition .
0	stringy , asian crab that was definitely pre-made .
1	no apology for the unsanitary conditions was offered .
0	but i 'm a tourist here , and wanted to try it .
1	i have lawn so i need trees that tolerate turf conditions . ''
0	really wanted to like it here , but am never going back .
1	they hand me the bumper in the exact condition i dropped it off .
0	the blueberry mojito had an overpowering taste of rum .
1	no matter what condition you leave your apartment in ) .
0	not sure what all the hype is about .
1	i recommend him without any conditions or reservations .
0	the service has also suffered tremendously .
1	the best air conditioning service company in las vegas .
0	$ _num_ and we both left and ate pizza .
1	when you sign your contract , you agree to the terms and conditions .
0	i sat in the little snack area and drank it .
1	my arrangements arrived in perfect condition , exactly as jason and i discussed .
0	also did n't seem very nice .
1	great air conditioning / heating system in the apartments .
0	i 'm a guy , i 've got a short haircut .
1	clean and organized and plants in nice condition .
0	what a nightmare !
1	overall , a great air conditioning company to use !
0	we ate breakfast food at 2:30 am after the bars closed .
1	the seats are comfy and the theaters themselves are in good condition .
0	the potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing .
1	granted they are good condition !
0	so they lost another star for over priced for the value i received .
1	the course was beat up and the greens were in horrible condition .
0	waited for _num_ minutes for a bagel with cream cheese with no line .
1	the course is in super good condition .
0	never ever whatsoever !
1	terrible eating conditions .
0	this place is horrible .
1	best $ _num_ i 've spent , tough par _num_ 's and good condition .
0	i ca n't begin to express my disappointment in your establishment .
1	nice airport in decent condition .
0	there is no wifi and only two outlets .
1	they arrived in perfect condition and were delicious .
0	i would n't order food here , again .
1	extremely poor living conditions and bad customer service .
0	at this point , i am done .
1	the poor guy lived there in such dangerous conditions for over a year .
0	the front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer .
1	the house was left in better condition then when we had moved in .
0	it was a basic salad , no big deal .
1	i got my $ _num_ back for the leather they did not condition .
0	will be busy during peak lunch hours from 11:30 to 1:30 pm .
1	produce is in good condition .
0	just go elsewhere .
1	the lanes are also kept in great condition .
0	she walked up the stairs and ignored us .
1	nice quiet air conditioned .
0	worst company ever .
1	the grounds are in constant tip top conditions and well manicured year round .
0	the soup was nothing to write home about .
1	this hotel should not be opened in the condition that the rooms are kept .
0	the eggplant was soggy and not great .
1	too bad as the course was in good condition .
0	i will never do any business with this jerk off ever again .
1	poor condition .
0	this trip was bad , even for the price .
1	i do n't have this problem under typical conditions .
0	i should not be responsible for the bill .
1	the condition of the furniture was completely unacceptable .
0	gross .
1	their vintage furnishings & clothes are in great condition !
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	although the food was ok , the restaurant was in terrible condition .
0	_num_ .
1	the trails are in great condition and the views are spectacular .
0	service was just barely adequate on this visit .
1	this course has a great layout , however it is in very poor condition .
0	my burger was as dry as a burnt piece of chicken .
1	it always shines and looks in perfect condition right after .
0	i was forced to stay a night here and it was so disgusting !
1	terrible conditions in prime time of year .
0	cash only is not an acceptable policy in _num_ .
1	could be a good course , but ... conditions are terrible .
0	service and products are lackluster .
1	it arrived in perfect condition and the customer service was great !
0	other times , it does n't seem so busy .
1	however , there is no excuse for the condition of this restaurant .
0	extremely disappointing .
1	the room was clean and in good condition .
