0	seared ahi tuna sandwich - _num_ people in our group got this .
1	the egg was n't even cooked on it !
0	i 've been to _num_ different primanti locations and each one just seems greasy .
1	the egg roll wasnt even cooked and the cabbage was awful .
0	reviews but they let me down .
1	the food was flavorless and the chicken was n't cooked all the way .
0	cold food ?
1	the veggies were not cooked still raw .
0	so i was like dang !
1	the side of vegetables were well cooked , buy again lacked any real flavor .
0	it was like a window into hell .
1	and the cooks could n't even cook it through the second time ?
0	as a customer i really do n't care .
1	the vegetables were n't even cooked .
0	no steak knife , no mashed potatoes , no asparagus as ordered .
1	and my husbands roasted chicken was frozen in the inside but cooked through ?
0	you have been warned .
1	i cook thai food at home .
0	_num_ .
1	now , image that being cooked with toppings and passed off as pizza !
0	it was a small side salad of iceberg lettuce and croutons with italian dressing .
1	everything was loose and chewy and over cooked to a mush .
0	the dress comes in _num_ months later and is the wrong color .
1	turkey was not cooked ( raw inside ) .
0	my problem is that the hotel double charged me for my stay .
1	so half of the burger was cooked through and the other half was pink .
0	no marinara sauce .
1	his eggs were under cooked and the bacon was again , soggy .
0	not good .
1	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
0	the dining area is brighter than the rest of the restaurant .
1	the biggest problem was that the meat was under cooked .
0	very sloppy !
1	cheese sticks were under cooked , the pizza was extremely greasy .
0	we waited fifteen or so minutes , the shots were consumed , etc .
1	when i want to cook pretentious gourmet food , they have every ingredient ready .
0	pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or _num_ .
1	hire another cook and install another stove .
0	the steak was rough and bad .
1	it 's hard for them to cook your food the way you want it .
0	my recommendation was to burn this place to the ground .
1	the collards were not cook well and my salmon patties were burnt .
0	i stopped by to see them , asking them to give me a price .
1	for appetizer , we had the kimchi pancakes , which were not fully cooked .
0	the tree died .
1	chicken was way over cooked .
0	they do not care about animals .
1	the food is poorly prepared , over cooked and hard fried .
0	bad texture .
1	wait staff did not come to ask if our steaks were cooked correctly .
0	when our food came though , everything was below average .
1	wait , restaurant ... cook my own food ?
0	the worst best buy i have ever visited .
1	you will leave smelling like cooking oil .
0	there probably wo n't be a wait !
1	cooking school _num_ will tell you the bun will fall apart .
0	worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location .
1	my tuna was cold and was not cooked well .
0	the prices are too high for the quality .
1	sorry to hear your mom was a lousy cook .
0	gross much ?
1	and meats were not cooked to request and the servers forgot the eating utensils .
0	there were some pieces which could not be cut by my knife .
1	crust not cooked enough etc i hope this is not a trend .
0	the lines are always long and take forever to get through .
1	it was low on cheese and some what under cooked .
0	i only returned because i was getting my dog groomed at the nearby petco .
1	the meal was n't cooked properly and the tortilla was still soft and chewy .
0	do not waste your time or money there , you will regret it .
1	i am very disappointed with my recent visit to t. cook 's .
0	the only reason i 'm giving it two stars is because of the bread .
1	of course , we expected a small piece of freshly cooked tuna .
0	stopped in on the fourth of july for evening cocktail and small meal .
1	i could have cooked better fish .
0	the way you are treated is sub par .
1	the salmon was way over seasoned , over cooked and had a suspicious smell .
0	Positive
1	waitress had another cooked and this time the bottom layer tasted like a cracker .
0	i just ca n't imagine having to deal with this a year .
1	eggplant wasnt even near cooked and tasted like leather .
0	way too over priced .
1	we waited for _num_ minutes for food that was cold and over cooked .
0	it 's disgusting .
1	my potato came out very soggy , the steak very much over cooked .
0	time to check out and never come back .
1	it looked like it was under cooked .
0	sweating at the lanes while trying to hold a loaded gun .
1	was the cook .
0	better luck next time .
1	the rice and beans were perfectly cooked , no issues there .
0	sorry buds !
1	the wings were soggy on the outside , and over cooked on the inside .
0	sadly , no .
1	they cooked the steak longer but you ca n't get away from gristle .
0	i was very unimpressed with this olive garden location .
1	i also do n't cook a lot .
0	needless to say , i will not be coming back to this place .
1	the noodles were cooked perfectly and that 's where the praise stops .
0	reservations at 7:00 pm saturday .
1	they cooked us a less then worthy steak to replace it .
0	after pasta , comes the protein , that includes meatballs , then finally salad .
1	the shrimp was over battered and the fries were over cooked .
0	extremely poor service .
1	the only cook was n't talking to her .
0	fool me -- you ca n't get fooled again . ''
1	and they taste like cooking oil .
0	the chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot .
1	i feel a steak restaurant should know how to cook a steak .
0	needless to say we did not return to redeem it .
1	and there was n't really any other option if the cooks were gone .
0	this shell station is horrible .
1	just plain ole meat cooked on the flat top .
0	this store has such bad service .
1	the chicken wings were raw , not just under cooked .
0	fried rice super bland .
1	the veggies are ice cold with tons of butter and barely cooked .
0	but the noodles are a disgrace .
1	cooked just right & crunchy as expected .
0	i was unable to comfortably eat for approx .
1	not a good sign if you ca n't cook steaks at the right temperature .
0	nothing special .
1	like it had been either sitting around or over cooked .
0	no thanks casbah !
1	rice was hard not fully cooked .
0	service was horrible .
1	my steak was not cooked to the right temperature - well vs medium well .
0	bread or not , it still was n't great .
1	i could smell them cooking bacon in the morning .
0	the pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a _num_ year old .
1	you 're better off buying a frozen pizza and cooking it your self .
0	bad facility , even without a trash can in the room .
1	the salad dressing was tasteless , the jumbo shrimp was under cooked and chewy .
0	absolutely nothing arrived in a timely manner .
1	the lamb shank was cooked perfectly , but the lamb flavor was missing .
0	the pork chop was so bitter and dry .
1	go figure cooked , but cold .
0	i will give them hell . ''
1	cold scallops followed after a very long wait by hardly cooked lukewarm pasta .
0	to date that has not happened .
1	last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked .
0	we will never return to a ruth 's chris steakhouse .
1	steak was not cooked properly .
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	everything was very basic and boring , cooked without passion .
0	have n't been here in a long time because the service and food suck !
1	i would n't even have cooked this way for an enemy .
0	not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever .
1	not cooked at all !
0	i got a chicken noodle soup and he got the seafood calzone .
1	she assured me that it was cooked earlier today and reheated when ordered .
0	i made reservations for _num_ pm on a friday .
1	french fries were under cooked .
0	sad to say the other reviews i read of this place are accurate .
1	then i tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
0	our entrees , dessert and coffee all came out at different times .
1	cook sitting on the counter dirty .
0	highly recommend that no one ever goes here .
1	it saved me from cooking and doing dishes though .
0	to tell the truth , the service ran along the lines of pretty poor .
1	it is very sad when a restaurant ca n't cook a steak .
0	food is mediocre at best !
1	if i want that crap , i 'll stay home and cook it myself .
0	again , stale and moldy .
1	not even cooked !
0	was also told i get free $ _num_ gift certificate at restaurant.com .
1	after much discussion they cooked another egg .
0	the manicure was very quick and not at all thorough .
1	on one of these visits , dr. cook gave my puppy a shot .
0	terrible customer service .
1	the crust was under cooked and forgettable .
0	other times , it does n't seem so busy .
1	my steak came out and was not cooked the way i asked .
0	i ca n't imagine anyone liking this super bland cardboard !
1	my co-worker 's chicken was n't cooked right .
0	i have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed .
1	sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook .
0	why not ? ''
1	be prepared for patties cooked in old grease .
0	i end up picking half of my sandwich apart .
1	the food was terrible & the cooks need to get it together .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	sushi - the unagi ( eel ) was cooked perfectly .
0	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
1	and i am an awful cook !
0	i walk in , look around , look at the menu ... hmmm .
1	went to t cooks with my dad for christmas eve and was disappointed .
0	fake italian at its finest .
1	horribly cooked burger .
0	even the bread was stale .
1	- i did n't have to cook .
0	my boyfriend and i decided to split the platter , which was horrible .
1	they do not cook directly on the brick though , they use pizza screens .
0	losing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless .
1	three of our five meals , the beef was n't cook completely .
0	we walked in and waited to be sat .
1	however , they have several cooked selections .
0	the place was so slow .
1	the noodles were so over cooked it was disgusting .
0	this resort is most definitely not worth the ladies weekend .
1	someone needs to wake up , update , and start cooking with passion .
0	disgusting .
1	ca n't imagine what the price would have been if they cooked it .
0	the first time i went it was okay , but was very forgettable .
1	it was over cooked to the point of a leather consistency .
0	unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand .
1	they ca n't cook eggs !
0	wo n't be going back .
1	some pieces were way over cooked .
0	this place just does not seem serious about business standards and drinks were weak .
1	get new recipes and better cooks .
0	i was shocked by how bad our experience was considering the other reviews .
1	sure glad my uncle al could cook better than this .
0	it is definitely not for me .
1	rice was n't cooked right and had little flavor .
0	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
1	the scallops were hard , over cooked .
0	its not like she got nothing out of it !
1	the same lady who cooked my burger before , was working the grill .
0	ps the maintenance staff are fabulous and deserve _num_ stars !
1	i 'm cooking and will refuse it when it gets here .
0	ghetto , the server kept calling me baby all night .
1	were a bit crunchy like they were under cooked .
0	overall :
1	there seems to be only one cook .
0	maybe i chose poorly but i was n't impressed at all .
1	while having a slice i found out that it was not even cooked completely .
0	i 've never been so horribly treated in my life .
1	someone at the company is making the application record up or cooking the book .
0	i do n't expect this rock bottom to be around too much longer .
1	obviously the cook does not know that .
0	wine selection is very weak .
1	not the t cooks we use to know and love .
0	service is very bad .
1	burger was okay , but over cooks and not very flavorful .
0	the artichoke dip was ok , but very greasy .
1	nothing but poor service and poorly cooked food .
0	the beet salad was underwhelming .
1	the waitress & the cook were extremely rude !
0	i 'm _num_ and i almost felt too old there .
1	my lobster was obviously frozen burned and way way way over cooked .
0	my boyfriend 's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back .
1	the pasta is often over cooked .
0	my overall opinion is that the service was terrible and the food was overpriced .
1	the fries were cooked to perfection , but lacked flavor .
0	ugly .
1	tastes plain & over cooked .
0	i would not recommend them .
1	anyhow the eggs and bacon came with that , they were cooked okay .
0	then shortly after , i needed to replace the alternator or the like .
1	the omelette also was not cooked right .
0	as mentioned by others , this road is not in the best shape .
1	the filet mignon was cooked well but not seasoned at all .
0	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
1	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
0	arrangement was just ok .
1	steak was way over cooked .
0	shrimp and scallop with garlic was bland as hell .
1	they were burnt and cooked down to nothing .
0	the bread is _num_ % of the meal .
1	the food was just s bit too greasy and eggs were over cooked .
0	when the bill comes , it is _num_ dollars .
1	i guess the cooks like everything rare !
0	our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
1	the toast and hash browns were the only items cooked correctly .
0	this is not even worthy of the name .
1	the lava cakes were barely cooked and therefore inedible .
0	each time , i ask myself , `` why am i going back ? ''
1	they , again , were not cooked to medium ... overcooked to medium well .
0	the coffee was disappointing -- it came with plastic cups of half & half .
1	it did n't take that long to cook .
0	almost every time i have been let down .
1	just how long does it take to cook _num_ burgers ?
0	he apologized and asked me to come back as he was gone .
1	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
0	unfortunately , the food was sub-par .
1	none of the items were cooked properly .
0	they play pop music and it 's supposed to be an italian place .
1	no more gay cash from me today at the chili cook off .
0	it 's tacky too hot .
1	the steak that my brother in law had was very large and cooked properly .
0	probably the worst value around .
1	but that may have been due to the two areas that were cooking meals .
0	seriously , terrible .
1	but the bacon was under cooked and pretty soggy .
0	the last two times i have been there were not good .
1	bacon does n't take that long to cook .
0	_num_ minutes later he calls again and asks where we are .
1	i 'd rather cook my own breakfast than eat here .
0	ugh .
1	i 'm not even sure they bothered to cook that .
0	the overall condition of the hotel was n't promising on first entrance .
1	unfortunately , i had a bad experience at tj cooks restaurant for lunch .
0	average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
1	tip : hot wok mr. cook on warner rd .
0	did n't eat here ... this review not about the food .
1	the vegetables were n't even cooked , i 've never seen onions so raw .
0	it is still in plastic and there are no burn marks .
1	i thought maybe the cook was having a bad night .
0	i feel like i 'm in line for a bad carnival ride !
1	the pasta was cooked al dente and the sauce was n't too sweet .
0	plus they have the worst presentation ever !
1	soup not hot , waitress and cook fighting loudly .
0	but its definitely not worth the money .
1	our chicken was so over cooked we could not eat most of it .
0	in total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food .
1	i 'm not italian , but i cook way better than this myself .
0	not exciting .
1	secondly the rice was not well cooked .
0	it then took quite awhile for our dinners to start arriving .
1	the pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though .
0	but the situation inside is fairly ridiculous .
1	why are n't you tasting the food that your cooks are putting out ?
0	long time customer and disappointed to say will not buy from them again .
1	it came out so over cooked it was hard to eat .
0	pesto gnocchi okay , tiramisu okay ( except for the canned whipped cream ) .
1	anyway , i was then informed that they cook their beans with bacon .
0	the rolls were extremely bland and chewy .
1	the problem is that it was thinly sliced so it was quite over cooked .
0	my eggs benedict was good , so was my bloody mary .
1	i sent my patty melt back to be cooked this time .
0	very disappointed with this place .
1	my meal was $ _num_ for a fillet they cook .
0	overall , haircut & style = _num_ stars .
1	by the time they were cooked , everyone was finished eating .
0	i can not review the food .
1	the meat was very dry and falling apart but not over cooked .
0	bland .
1	they 'll cook the egg and bacon in their crap microwave for you .
0	went to this place for lunch last saturday , party of five .
1	even the cooks messed up the steak order at the table next to us .
0	a party of _num_ , we agreed to sit _num_ and _num_ .
1	the eggplant was n't thoroughly cooked , making it sort of bitter and tough .
0	it was quite small though .
1	the carrots and broccoli was cooked beyond recognition .
0	maybe part of the problem was expectations ?
1	the shrimp and pasta , however , were cooked well .
0	the restaurant is the worst .
1	they ca n't cook pasta .
0	_num_ stars because the beer was good .
1	burgers are soggy and the fries taste like they are cooked in old oil .
0	omg , the cheese cake ( at $ _num_ ) was very dry .
1	too bad , i hope they change cooks .
0	there was no noise control so sleep was impossible .
1	i love the spanish villa type architecture , however t cook is shockingly awful .
0	horrible in every sense of the word .
1	they tasted like they had been cooked in burnt grease .
0	i 've only eaten here once before .
1	flies everywhere , place is dirty and food not cooked well .
0	then when i got it , it was cold !
1	it less than _num_ minutes to cook both the burgers and fries .
0	actually , this is n't even a bad review .
1	my ravioli was barely cooked .
0	however , from the get go , our host was absolutely terrible .
1	it looked like it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
0	in the future i 'll stick with scoops for my neighborhood ice cream fix .
1	i ordered medium-rare and it was purple , barely cooked in the middle .
0	terrible !
1	even the tortilla was n't cooked all the way .
0	update : _num_ hours later and still feel sick from this meal .
1	lamb shank was cooked well , but the sauce sucked .
0	from start to finish , the entire evening was a terrible experience .
1	as in the cook is n't a cook .
0	the hallway looks a wreck !
1	steak was under cook .
0	not worth the trip .
1	i called an hour later and they had not even started to cook !
0	this sandwich shop lacks all of those things .
1	there was no way this order was prepared and cooked that fast .
0	it was awful .
1	they did not even cook it fresh .
0	cool sports bar , pool tables and ample flat screens .
1	is southern cooking just not interesting ?
0	the service was mediocre .
1	there appeared to be only two servers working plus one cook .
0	i recently ate a _num_ oz cheeseburger at a local burger joint .
1	perhaps from cooking too long , i 'm not sure .
0	when i arrived , i was seated quickly and greeted by a stylist .
1	it did not taste that it was freshly cooked in any way .
0	this place barely uses any flavor other than salt and msg .
1	_num_ these guys can never seem to cook their fries properly .
0	the stylist did n't come back after a couple minutes .
1	the cook said that happens sometimes and sent out two cold pieces of rib .
0	do n't care .
1	the shrimp were perfectly cooked , though , and i was thankful for that .
0	the flavor is ok but why is the dog so skinny ?
1	the fish over couscous was cooked well .
0	_num_ weeks and so far no refund has hit my account .
1	they had to be cooked prior to us ordering , or even getting there .
0	if _num_ stars were possible i 'd give em .
1	the wontons were seriously over cooked .
0	i paid _num_ $ all together and it should have been free .
1	they can not even cook edamame , it was undercooked and cold .
0	the ice cream technician could only take one order at a time .
1	burger was cooked properly but lean and dry .
0	our waitress was very polite , though .
1	they might have to teach their cooks how to cook a steak .
0	we were both craving seafood , and had never been here before .
1	meat was not cooked properly and was very chewy .
0	service good prices cheap but food very bland and pre made .
1	next to it was cooked spinach about the size of a thumb nail .
