0	after all it is taco bell .
1	some of the best curry we have had !
0	we dined rather early , so there was no wait .
1	i have been here twice and enjoyed the curry dishes very much .
0	we probably wo n't be back any time soon .
1	excellent tom yum and tom kha and panang curry .
0	the pizza crust tasted like pizza hut .
1	even still though , the pad thai tasted way better than my red curry .
0	well , this too was a massive disappointment .
1	curries are very good too .
0	i get that -- but the place was empty .
1	all of the normal thai dishes like yellow chicken curry are not good here .
0	but i 'm really disappointed .
1	i ordered a simple green curry and it was so runny and bland .
0	will not eat here again .
1	and i have become a fan of their curry fries !
0	i came in tonight ready to buy a bike .
1	coconut curry shrimp was outstanding .
0	there were nine people in the bar section .
1	duck curry was okay .
0	there was no attendant at the booth when we left .
1	the curry was greasy , it was like gravy or something .
0	tram 's kitchen in my opinion is not really worth it .
1	the chicken curry was really salty and reheated from that day 's lunch buffet .
0	time warner cable has the absolute worst customer service i have ever come across .
1	their curries were spicy and full of flavor and their spring rolls were delicious !
0	our chicken was flavorless and rubbery .
1	sesame chicken and thai chicken curry .
0	i have been riding the bus for as long as i can remember .
1	my favorite curry in town !
0	it was just ordinary .
1	very well rounded flavor - almost like an indian curry dish .
0	the food was cold and everything was flavorless .
1	the green curry is n't even green !
0	do n't bother with delivery here .
1	i tried the chicken curry , the chicken tikka masala , and some rice .
0	it was my anniversary tonight , a tuesday .
1	the green curry was a lumpy , floating in grease mess .
0	the steak was supposed to be medium ; instead it came well done .
1	last i had the vegetarian curry dish , the only vegetarian main i found .
0	yep , the food was cold .
1	we ordered tom ka gai soup , green curry chicken , and cashew chicken .
0	can you give a company zero stars ?
1	curry fried rice was also bland , luckily we have sriracha at home .
0	owners , please stick to your business hours .
1	i also ordered the curry chicken noodle bowl .
0	do no stay here if you plan to sleep before 2:30 am .
1	i like curry sauce to be thick , this was more watery .
0	thats pretty lame for a downtown bar just because they were not packed .
1	the curry is amazing and i love the appetizers .
0	she clearly saw us walk up , and my mother go into the shop .
1	pineapple curry chicken was terrible .
0	maybe it 's nostalgia for the cigar but i thought he looked ridiculous .
1	the curry was really good too , and the cabbage .
0	i 'm sure it is in the liquor license application .
1	i have had the yellow and green chicken curry and both were delicious .
0	i went here to fix a bad hair cut at the last minute .
1	the chicken curry was good .
0	i also did n't love the service we received .
1	$ _num_ for mediocre shrimp curry is n't worth it !
0	rude !
1	i always have there yellow curry , and it is amazing .
0	she was told that they only have one cart !
1	we had all kinds of curry , and they were excellent .
0	i am a ten minute drive from this location .
1	i expected spicy thai curry but no real flavor , just bland .
0	there were two girls at the front desk , neither could have been bothered .
1	the chicken was gross and the curry was runny and not very flavorful .
0	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
1	i ordered chicken curry , the meat was spoiled and made me throw out .
0	order something other than a burger and you do n't get much better .
1	when they offer the pumpkin curry , get it -- fantastic !
0	oh but it 's not .
1	the chicken curry was spicy but executed poorly .
0	no wonder the service was horrible !
1	the curry puffs were ok , but nothing great .
0	if that 's not enough to stop you , read on .
1	fresh & tasty sushi , homemade curry , great service and awesome chef al .
0	service was very bad today .
1	the service was slow & their panang curry was just weird .
0	what we came away with from this experience is to leave .
1	i recommend coming during lunch and getting the yellow curry or pad thai .
0	my lunch companion had roast beef and regretted ordering anything .
1	i highly recommend any of the curry dishes .
0	worst hotel i have yet to stay in as a consultant .
1	i ordered the red beef curry and it was disgusting , absolutely disgusting .
0	i did n't even know what fine dining was until college .
1	shrimp curry is good too .
0	6am is too early for her . ''
1	great place and loved their panang beef curry .
0	the pie it self was a real mess .
1	the beef curry was excellent .
0	the place smells of smoke .
1	i like the yellow curry , kung pao , and cashew nut with tofu .
0	internet access is $ _num_ per day .
1	chicken curry was bad .
0	it does n't make sense .
1	their curry was boxed japanese brown curry .
0	very stupid management .
1	we ordered red curry & panang curry and they both were so good .
0	so very rude .
1	my boyfriend ordered the yellow curry and i ordered the pad thai .
0	this continued for the total of _num_ hours .
1	just ramen and a lump of curry paste .
0	my husband can not go back to construction junction today .
1	they have a great green curry and huge spring rolls .
0	i said no thanks .
1	the curry selection is phenomenal , if you 're looking for a suggestion !
0	they have completely horrible , rude customer service reps .
1	please bring back curry chicken salad .
0	the sub was not one bit better than subway .
1	the yellow curry is fantastic , as is the whole chicken .
0	it is my worst fear .
1	delicious curry , their _num_ is also amazing .
0	it was clear servicing customers was an inconvenience to him .
1	the curries are disappointing .
0	i 've never been so horribly treated in my life .
1	i ordered the vegetarian yellow curry , which was top notch perfect !
0	you do not deserve this job and should be fired .
1	canned peas and corn in my soup and curry .
0	you are better off going to another nearby dry cleaner .
1	the lemon chicken , curry , and cashew chicken are all delicious .
0	so this past friday i held a birthday dinner for my mother here .
1	i ordered chicken curry .
0	it was very cold inside the restaurant .
1	my friend 's yellow curry was watery and lacking in flavor .
0	the staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order .
1	their curry lentil is terrible !
0	the hallway looks a wreck !
1	and no japanese curry ?
0	i want to know what to expect , you know ?
1	there were few vegetables in this curry , and the beef was exceptionally tough .
0	i did n't appreciate it , understand it , or like it at all .
1	the sweet curry flavor make this sandwich a winner .
0	it was not even $ _num_ including se day shipping !
1	not curry in any sense .
0	has n't made me sick , again .
1	like others have mentioned their curries are almost embarrassing .
0	so they lost another star for over priced for the value i received .
1	for my entree i ordered a yellow curry chicken .
0	i made sure i asked for extra sauce ( just in case ) .
1	i ordered the curry with rice noodles ; it was bland .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	curry sauce was not good either .
0	delivery : horrible experience .
1	chicken in the curry chicken fried rice was undercooked .
0	should try ordering from the menu it might be better .
1	the green curry tasted very authentic and service was impeccable .
0	walked out without making purchase .
1	her noodles were n't bad but my curry was pretty bland .
0	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
1	best vegetable curry i 've ever had !
0	seriously , all the people here have major attitude problems and need an adjustment .
1	also enjoyed the katsu curry and it 's really authentic .
0	because i 'm not prepared to pay $ _num_ for a single visit ?
1	the curry sauce was thin , runny , and poorly seasoned .
0	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
1	chicken curry very good - lots of vegetables and lots of flavor .
0	disappointment .
1	the vegetable curry was unlike any curry i 've ever seen .
0	worst service and seating ever !
1	i ordered green curry , what a great choice !
0	no lab coat , no name tag , no introduction , no nothing .
1	takeout for $ _num_ for pad thai and green curry dish .
0	also , alcohol in the air here too .
1	i love curry and i love spicy and this place delivers !
0	it was all french fries and very little meat .
1	so instead i had some yellow curry with potatoes and chicken .
0	i was disappointed in the food !
1	i shared the spicy fried rice , pad thai , and hot curry catfish .
0	printed out my receipt .
1	the salmon on the salmon curry was severely undercooked , too .
0	then it took another _num_ to order .
1	the pad thai and curry - excellent !
0	i was very disappointed .
1	wife got the mixed veggie curry and loved it as well .
0	i also wish that i could provide them with zero stars .
1	he ordered curry beef and steamed rice with a side of egg rolls .
0	what a disgrace to the marriott name .
1	soup , red curry bowl and the coconut princess dish .
0	greasy and the batter was peeling off .
1	the flavor for the coconut curry was very bland .
0	i am disappointed .
1	curry with just the perfect hint of sweet , so yummy !
0	as for my ca rolls , the avocado was all brown !
1	pad thai is great , yellow curry better .
0	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
1	my favorite are beef curry and ice green tea !
0	it looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked .
1	beef curry was okay .
0	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
1	the food was ok except for the curry chicken dish .
0	i ordered the seabass and it really was n't anything spectacular .
1	the chicken curry uses cheap cuts of meats .
0	it sits in the warmer cases , and looks `` crusty '' .
1	$ 10+ for bland pad thai and curries ?
0	overall the food was hit or miss .
1	i prefer the brown curry and the red curry both are great .
0	i wasted my money , and i will never , ever go back there .
1	thai red curry is fabulous .
0	they said it would take another two hours to start work .
1	red curry , yellow curry are great .
0	my burger was as dry as a burnt piece of chicken .
1	the curry was ok and the tikka masala , well ive had better .
0	they are in terrible shape .
1	all bland , boring curries and an always empty naan bin .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	absolutely the best red curry in history .
0	service is slow and horrible .
1	so , goodbye $ _num_ curry .
0	not even close .
1	curry was watery and thin , with barely a cup of vegetables per entree .
0	i guess it does n't have to be .
1	it was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice !
0	we ordered the filet mignon with chicken hibachi .
1	love their curry chicken and fish with saigon special sauce .
0	like i said , olive garden , only local .
1	i got the curry chicken and the bf got the bbq beef .
0	i ordered steamed broccoli and he ordered mashed potatoes .
1	vegetarian curry !
0	listen folks , it 's cold when the sun goes down .
1	my daughter ordered the yellow curry and it was excellent !
0	the first time , i thought maybe i just got a bad batch .
1	the spice is perfect and the curries are spot on and delicious .
0	terrible customer service .
1	this place has good curry .
0	i ai n't going back where they treat customers like that .
1	i had the yellow curry , tom ka soup , and spring roll .
0	maybe those light fixtures would have tasted better than the lasagna ?
1	also the curry chicken noodle soup is excellent .
0	fish was not fresh .
1	shrimp were cooked perfectly and the curry was delicious .
0	the rose sauce was n't as flavorful as i would expect .
1	we got the usual red curry which was amazing the first time .
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	oh my boyfriend ordered the curry katsu and he was disappointed .
0	thus station needs more amenities and a makeover to compete with the dc one !
1	pour the bowl of chicken and red curry over the rice and then enjoy !
0	in philly , they 'd be out of business in a heartbeat .
1	_num_ minutes after that , my wife 's vegetable curry came .
0	i could not even eat one !
1	finally , the green curry came and it was very salty .
0	no management present that we could see .
1	chicken curry .
0	i read about good stuff here but was very disappointed .
1	love their curry noodles and spicy soup .
0	waited for the shuttle around _num_ min at the airport .
1	i got the red curry for an entree , as well .
0	it just is n't for me .
1	boyfriend got curry and he liked it .
0	very sad .
1	i had the curry done with medium spice level .
0	and it all is so bad .
1	panang curry is delicious .
0	it 's not .
1	i ordered the vegetable panang curry and chicken mint noodles .
0	this mall is dead !
1	the curry alone was not appetizing .
0	he apologized and asked me to come back as he was gone .
1	i loved the curry , and the roti was perfect .
0	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
1	the lamb curry was filling , but could have been easily make at home .
0	the mexican cookie was just the same consistency .
1	assorted vegetables & tofu in yellow curry .
0	it is very dense and flavorless with no crunch at all .
1	thai curry has the peanut sauce and curry base .
0	no excuse for an overcooked steak ever , and all ordered medium rare .
1	love all of the curries .
0	my friend ordered veal and they brought him sausage .
1	i especially loved the japanese curry chicken .
0	no need to be nasty .
1	the thai curry is great .
0	but then two waitresses kept coming and going without even looking at me .
1	curry was bland and lacked spice and punch .
0	not best cake in america by a long shot .
1	pineapple curry was very good .
0	worst customer service ever at the pharmacy here .
1	potatoes tasted funky in the yellow curry too .
0	maybe , to try the breakfast everyone seems to enjoy so much .
1	they have delicious vegetable curry and really good lunch buffet .
0	it was horrible .
1	catfish green curry was pretty good , but a little salty .
0	ghetto , the server kept calling me baby all night .
1	the curry was very bland .
0	oh my god ... .
1	the curry comes in a huge to-go container !
0	i was n't as impressed with buca as i wanted to be .
1	the squash and thai eggplant in my squash curry was n't ripe .
0	we ordered the turkey reuben that tasted funky on day old potato pancakes .
1	our other dish , curry squash with chicken , had hardly any chicken .
0	i would n't wish this place on my own worst enemy .
1	the yellow curry is very spicy but still worth it !
0	my boyfriend 's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back .
1	curry chicken just was n't good .
0	my guess is that it was that suspect sauce you put on that sandwich .
1	what he received was a watery curry flavored soup with no heat .
0	i also ordered boneless ribs , which were pretty good .
1	great service and the yellow chicken curry is perfect every time .
0	i asked for a pen , not a kidney .
1	the green curry was delicious .
0	i do n't mind the unpleasant cashiers .
1	i had the spicy curry beef linguine and it was fantastic .
0	could n't keep my eyes open !
1	next the lamb curry arrived with a heaping scoop of jasmine rice .
0	should n't you be doing this for all of your clients ?
1	vegetable curry : flavorless ( spice level _num_ too ! )
0	the prices here can be ridiculous .
1	if you go , expect long wait times for basic curry and rice .
0	but a $ _num_ dinner for _num_ i expect more .
1	their curry reputation is reason to go back .
0	overall , i 've got no complaints about the food .
1	the pad thai and bamboo shoot curry are both amazing !
0	we sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable .
1	i ordered the thai curry noodles .
0	Negative
1	their curry dishes are awful .
0	ridiculous .
1	the yellow curry with beef is great .
0	i would not suggest bringing a baby here .
1	curry is hard to mess up because it has such strong flavor .
0	_num_ .
1	we ordered the dan dan noodles and thai coconut curry chicken .
0	i could taste absolutely nothing from her veal .
1	we loved the walnut fried prawns and the chicken curry !
0	my hubby ordered coffee , cobb salad and filet .
1	the curry paste tasted home-made , and they cooked it truly thai hot .
0	no one was uptown and the place was completely empty .
1	the curry was really bland and watery .
0	their food was mediocre at best .
1	again the curry fried rice is not authentic neither .
0	i did not even want to put my purse down .
1	curry changing the game !
0	it 's fairly disgusting ( sticky tables , trash everywhere ) .
1	great curry , everything was so tasty .
0	and the customer service was horrible .
1	i ordered chicken curry , not green pepper curry !
0	my hoagie was dry with min meat .
1	see pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry .
0	unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight .
1	the food is delicious , i recommend the yellow curry with chicken .
0	worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
1	the curry itself was absolutely delicious .
0	no hi , no thank you , no have a nice day .
1	the curries are absolutely amazing .
0	a group was sat without the reservation ahead of us .
1	but the curry here is really runny .
0	i asked them three times to please try and they refused all three times .
1	great bread and ingredients , try the curry chicken salad !
0	why were n't their any ice in the glass ?
1	it was mediocre curry at best .
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
1	it 's like curry chicken without the chicken or anything else , just liquid .
0	we did not feel any of these things .
1	no flavor at all had a curry .
0	do n't waste your time at the fish market .
1	curry was like soup with no flavor and _num_ % onions .
0	sooo wrong .
1	perfect curry flavor .
0	i stood there for a second and realized she was blatantly blowing me off .
1	amazing chicken curry , kofta and tabouli , rice and assorted deliciousness .
0	again , stale and moldy .
1	we got the curry chicken , beef with broccoli , and crab rangoons .
0	i wish i would have taken a picture .
1	i crave their curry soup .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	yellow curry is my personal favorite !
0	he is not !
1	i got the curry goat , rice and peas , and mac and cheese .
0	my boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and i got a cheddar burger .
1	i 'm a big fan of their red curry .
0	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
1	i was expecting yummy curry sauce , but this hardly had any .
0	bad mistake .
1	my husband ordered a coconut curry dish , which was edible .
0	it was totally different from all other og restaurants i 've visited .
1	their teriyaki and curry chicken bowls are my favorite .
0	bland noodles .
1	as others say , try the curries ; they 're absolutely delicious .
0	overall , haircut & style = _num_ stars .
1	big portion of chicken , veggies , rice , and red curry sauce .
0	i would n't recommend this place .
1	i am _num_ months pregnant and ordered green curry for take out from here .
0	waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu .
1	my wife and i had the red and green curry and both were fantastic .
0	and i am certainly not a fan of the olive garden .
1	i ordered the thai curry chicken and was not particularly impressed with the dish .
0	ummm , we 're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here .
1	if you can get through , they have amazing yellow curry and corn fritters .
0	owner and employee alike no manners and nasty .
1	we ordered the regular fries with house made curry ketchup , delicious !
0	i would n't even give them one star at this location !
1	sushi is great and i recommend the curry !
0	this place has none of them .
1	the chicken panang curry was just ok , nothing special .
0	i was embarrassed because he was my guest and it was my idea .
1	the chicken curry lunch special was delicious , and service was great .
0	i give a _num_ rating only because of the service .
1	we had indian curry and chicken satay .
0	the worst mani/pedi of my life .
1	ordered eggplant and green curry with chicken .
