0	on top of it all , the coffee was horrible .
1	he did not agree that wifi for customers was a good idea .
0	water glass was refilled promptly the one time it was starting to look empty .
1	terrible terrible customer service .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	customer service was poor and unfriendly .
0	i wandered in here looking for a pedicure .
1	obviously management is not training well for customer service at this location .
0	the waitress was nice but overall i would n't dine here again .
1	probably why ... carlos the manager is cheap and not customer friendly !
0	horrible experience .
1	worst customer service and business model i have ever seen .
0	they were not fresh , or cleaned very well .
1	he make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly .
0	i stood there for approx 5-7 mins before i was even acknowledged .
1	some of the worst customer service i 've ever experienced .
0	the sandwich was just gross .
1	worst customer service ever at the pharmacy here .
0	shady and terribly run nail salon .
1	they know they 're going to get customers in regardless .
0	the inside is very dated and appears to be poorly cared for .
1	i guess all customers are n't equal .
0	went there last night about 5:30 , the place was maybe half full .
1	cash only is really customer friendly as well .
0	gross .
1	thank you for your horrible customer service i will never be back.
0	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
1	terrible customer service !
0	after standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check .
1	owner on the phone and did n't even acknowledge the customer .
0	huge fail for this type of venue .
1	sometimes i guess expected good customer service is asking for too much .
0	very dry .
1	poor customer service and they were rude .
0	everything was just bland and disappointing .
1	yes it 's true greyhound really needs to train their employees higher customer satisfaction .
0	but i placed the order online , then i am on hold again .
1	the customer service here is horrible .
0	i paid _num_ $ all together and it should have been free .
1	the customer almost feels like they are bothering the workers .
0	not impressed .
1	its easy to be dissatisfied and rant about a customer services organization .
0	while patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible .
1	there was no apology given or really any concern about customer service .
0	will not go back .
1	some customers may like it , me , not so much .
0	if _num_ stars were possible i 'd give em .
1	the owner has a complete disregard for customers and the customer experience .
0	bad shelter !
1	the owner could care less about customers .
0	i ca n't imagine anyone liking this super bland cardboard !
1	as a customer i really do n't care .
0	all i got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless .
1	just sad there customer service sucks .
0	i 'll limit my visits until i find that treasure .
1	i witnessed more apologies to customers that day than i ever have .
0	this is by far the absolute worst furniture experience i have encountered .
1	extremely poor customer service .
0	this week is the 3rd week .
1	the people all look like they hate their jobs and treat the customers accordingly .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	they have the worst customer service i have ever received in life .
0	they do not stand by their mistakes .
1	the customer service is not what i expected .
0	this is not one of them .
1	the `` customer '' service and pharmacy are terrible at this location !
0	i ca n't believe this place has n't been reviewed .
1	crowded , no customer service at any of the businesses .
0	the food is crap .
1	worst customer service !
0	but their repeated attempts to enter woke us up .
1	well , the customer service did n't get much better .
0	i was tired , packed bags , and waiting to get to the airport .
1	i ca n't stand bad customer service .
0	the chocolate was too sweet .
1	completely unacceptable and disgusting to sell such expired food to your customers .
0	`` every christmas story ever told '' was slow and not that funny .
1	stealing from your customers is not a great idea china buffet .
0	but i really would n't recommend going there .
1	this is not the customer service i would expect at a high end jeweler .
0	described as being served with butternut squash , brussel sprouts and cauliflower .
1	you do n't tell a customer what to like .
0	service is terrible .
1	horrible communication skills and customer service .
0	service was slow and inattentive all night .
1	this store is not customer service friendly .
0	go back to the way it was done before .
1	both walmart and sam 's club need to learn valuable customer service .
0	have been to many restaurants but this was my worst experience .
1	however , the customer service lacks excellence and the wifi is completely unreliable .
0	i have been here a couple of times and it does n't change .
1	so - they 've lost a customer - a platinum customer .
0	very pricey food , cash only , average food .
1	losing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless .
0	do not go here for service on your bike .
1	the restaurant was fairly busy with lots of customers chatting at their tables .
0	i went a second time just in case they were having a bad day .
1	there were _num_ customers ahead of me and _num_ ladies behind the counter .
0	wow , this was just embarrassing ( for them ) .
1	it 's not fair for the customers or for the servers .
0	it was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable .
1	sorry that i did n't feel like waiting for three other customers .
0	people are rude there as well .
1	worst customer service i 've seen in a while .
0	came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot .
1	do not insult your customers bc you recognize a ny accent .
0	although nothing was awful , i would n't come back .
1	very disappointed in the customer service .
0	overall the food was hit or miss .
1	worst customer service of any business i 've ever dealt with .
0	we simply ordered _num_ bagels , coffee and tea for breakfast .
1	i want you to know i 'm not just an `` angry customer '' .
0	it was frustrating .
1	do n't even get me started with their customer service , or lack of .
0	this is the first time i feel compelled to write a bad review .
1	it 's the customers fault your staff ca n't handle a sat night rush .
0	horrible .
1	worst customer service , even by post office standards !
0	but for those considering a long distance purchase , just beware a bit .
1	and this was an early lunch with very few customers around .
0	some of the salads are alright , but its just not good food .
1	it 's sad to experience systems that work so obviously against the customer .
0	it was another _num_ before i got my food .
1	although i love the store , this store has horrible customer service .
0	did n't know how to remove gel polish .
1	poor customer service !
0	richard does not make you feel comfortable .
1	absolutely horrible customer service !
0	very disappointing .
1	the bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time .
0	worst delivery service .
1	customers are rude too .
0	we 'd probably never go back .
1	worse customer service i have received in quite awhile .
0	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
1	- the fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here .
0	would not recommend it .
1	have consistently had rude customer service .
0	in addition , one server working there was really rude and had bad attitude .
1	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
0	i was sick to my stomach when i left .
1	avis customer service says we have to wait _num_ hours .
0	honestly , there were _num_ people in the restaurant .
1	truly the worst customer experience ever .
0	world .
1	also , they really have the worst customer service i have ever dealt with .
0	everyone else in my group was disappointed in some way with our visit .
1	no one wanted to complain as it was a customer event .
0	clearly , i must not love myself or something .
1	unsatisfied customer !
0	so painful !
1	worst experience on the phone with customer service ever !
0	first off , it is desperately in need of some updates .
1	she not only lost out on a past customer .
0	i really hate this place .
1	poor customer service in all parts of the park .
0	the yams were out of a can so that was a major let down .
1	the bartender gave my sandwich by mistake to another customer .
0	Neutral
1	this store , however , is definitely lacking in customer service .
0	i was pretty disappointed with this place .
1	long time customer and disappointed to say will not buy from them again .
0	this made my food experience not good .
1	stick to a boutique if you want real customer service .
0	$ _num_ burgers , $ _num_ domestic bottles .
1	and the customer service was horrible .
0	it is appalling to see what that place has become .
1	poor , poor customer service .
0	it was a sandwich mostly of slaw and fries .
1	very poor customer service in the contact lens department .
0	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
1	customer service is not even located in this country .
0	we finally just walked out to go elsewhere .
1	worst customer service ever !
0	it 's almost been _num_ hours and i 'm still waiting .
1	it was clear servicing customers was an inconvenience to him .
0	the entrees are horrible .
1	the customers and the staff are miserable at red white and blue .
0	she left about 1-2 inches of my naturally black roots !
1	they missed an opportunity to impress a new customer .
0	i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
1	quick cheap food with a tolerable customer service .
0	there are no frills , there are no items i would particularly recommend .
1	clearly , customer service nor quality of food are valued .
0	crab cakes were awful .
1	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
0	it 's tough to find anything good here .
1	to any new potential new customer out there , please be warned .
0	needless to say i do n't think i will be returning .
1	the customer service however has been lacking each and every time .
0	truly , if at all possible , avoid her !
1	they have completely horrible , rude customer service reps .
0	was going to try the buffalo pizza .
1	this is the worst company as far as billing & customer service are concerned .
0	i literally walk past this subway _num_ times a week .
1	thank you for horrible customer service and a useless watch .
0	and thus my rating of meh .
1	they seems not care to lose a customer , it is disappointing .
0	yes i know sometimes things could land i 'm my food .
1	why would they want to risk a customer not coming back .
0	the flavor of the dough is generic and salty .
1	i will find a more customer oriented business that appreciates customers .
0	this was a mistake .
1	overpriced , terrible customer service , and long wait times .
0	kind of gross if you ask me .
1	terrible customer service and it was my birthday .
0	but the bed was a big disappointment .
1	absolutely horrible way to treat a customer when they were the ones in error .
0	worse than cans .
1	the customer service at this location is terrible .
0	shame on you benihana .
1	every time , we have a worse experience with customer service .
0	they both said they were pretty good , if not a little dry .
1	is n't the rule `` customer is always right '' ?
0	there were nine people in the bar section .
1	very bad service , rude staff , no customer delight .
0	the restaurant is located in a tired part of town .
1	terrible customer service will never book with them again .
0	it was n't me .
1	i ai n't going back where they treat customers like that .
0	yet , he still drew blood and several yelled codes to the techs .
1	the salesperson walked away and proceed to start helping other customers .
0	no wonder it is for sale .
1	good bagels , but it had horrible customer service .
0	my aunt picked up lunch , and left the tip .
1	rude customer service .
0	_num_ .
1	owner is rude & does n't handle customers well .
0	no tofu , no seasoning or sauce .
1	the customers do n't make the experience any better .
0	i 'm never going back , and you should n't either .
1	the worst customer service ever !
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	not a way to gain a new customer !
0	we ate two each , then told the server we did n't want them .
1	poor customer service when trying to use reward from app .
0	not same price .
1	i was a customer , and my car got towed .
0	bad sauce with flavorless cheese .
1	bad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around .
0	asked to leave my card at the bar .
1	know your customers , bring back the stew .
0	not worth it .
1	on top of that he is very rude and has no customer service skills .
0	the wings and cheese fries were disgusting .
1	the restaurant is so small and they have a problem with managing customers .
0	neither i nor my husband understood the hype about this place .
1	even if the food is great , the customer service is terrible .
0	my lunch companion had roast beef and regretted ordering anything .
1	this was the worst customer service i have encountered in awhile .
0	but quality steaks can be eaten at much better priced establishments .
1	bank of america at it again with less than exceptional customer service .
0	clearly she had a nasty cold and should 've stayed home that day !
1	absolutely worst customer service for a hotel ever !
0	will not be back .
1	but the customer service is by far the worst i have ever experienced .
0	every time we go here , we come out highly stressed , which sucks .
1	we had a disappointing experience with customer service regarding a group reservation .
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	then customer service wouldnt help me .
0	it was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died .
1	i have been a customer of sesame inn for many , many years .
0	the pricing is ridiculous .
1	not willing to work out anything with the customer .
0	she said there was no time to order another dress .
1	their customer service is terrible .
0	my biggest issue was the attitude i received when i called .
1	if you are looking for customer service , look elsewhere .
0	i have never placed a bad review of a restaurant until now .
1	terrible customer service from manager .
0	so all-in-all , the food was sub-par at best .
1	absolutely horrible customer service .
0	fairly average italian food other than the meatballs .
1	customer service is poor .
0	fortunately , i 'd gotten that info when i ordered .
1	very poor customer service at this location .
0	was n't the best either .
1	noisy , dirty , poorly renovated and the worst customer service known to man .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	i have never in my life encountered such awful customer service .
0	i think the food is boring .
1	rude , short with customers and overall just made my pickup not pleasant .
0	the first winter storm and the cable and internet is out .
1	lastly , i 've had some really poor customer service experiences at this location .
0	do n't expect too much .
1	i called garden ridge to speak to a customer service rep .
0	disgusting & totally unsanitary imo .
1	however , the customer service here is absolutely awful .
0	if i could less than a star i would .
1	did n't seem to care about having sit-down customers at all .
0	at this point we still had not seen our server .
1	very poor customer service .
0	this was n't it .
1	does n't seem like good customer service .
0	when the bill comes , it is _num_ dollars .
1	rotten food and over charging customer .
0	this is ridiculous .
1	not good customer service .
0	a simple yes or no would have been nice .
1	slow service ( even though we were the only customers in place ) .
0	no big deal .
1	this is the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
0	it 's not hard .
1	i met my friend jean here , she is a once a week customer .
0	i ordered it without lettuce , tomato , onions , or dressing .
1	the worst customer service by server and manager .
0	better than nothing , i suppose .
1	how about horrible customer service ?
0	no apologies , no offer to comp a side or a dessert .
1	absolutely horrible customer service and product being sold to the public .
0	carpet looks really dirty .
1	clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here .
0	they were pretty terrible .
1	seems like she do n't wanted to take care of the customers .
0	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
1	then change how you handle your customers .
0	a complete waste of $ _num_ .
1	they place no value on customer satisfaction .
0	they screwed up a club sandwich & fries .
1	customer service was seriously lacking .
0	the sub was not one bit better than subway .
1	customer friendly said there is nothing he can do .
0	i wo n't be ordering from ron 's again , despite the inexpensive menu .
1	other than that , customer service is awful .
0	probably give it another shot but not my first choice considering the prices .
1	tipping should be up to the customer , not the cashier !
0	the iced tea is also terrible tasting .
1	just awful customer service .
0	my gripe here is that i ended up with scratches on my wheels .
1	this is simply a customer service review .
0	the rest was dry .
1	sorry panda ; this loyal customer has had enough .
0	disgusting .
1	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
0	which on the mall alone would be _num_ star !
1	customer service was a joke .
0	the pasta dish would have been very good had it been seasoned enough .
1	poor management and extremely poor customer service !
0	unless she is really trying to take over the olive garden market .
1	time warner cable has the absolute worst customer service i have ever come across .
0	my friend 's nails looked like a _num_ year old did them .
1	how can a restaurant not have proper seating for its paying customers ?
0	ugh .
1	the cashiers , pharmacy , and customer service manager were so rude and stupid .
0	what i was into was the german potato salad .
1	a word of warning for customers here .
0	it was around 2:30 and empty .
1	terrible customer service , disrespectful in fact .
0	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
1	service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly .
0	after reading reviews i was afraid of what kind of service we would encounter .
1	worse customer service ever .
0	and that , sir , is why you got a $ _num_ tip !
1	no wonder they need coupons for customers .
0	na ... wo n't be back !
1	terrible customer service .
0	the owner has to be the problem .
1	the food just does n't measure up to that kind of poor customer service .
0	it doesnt taste like an actual japanese cuisine , it is very chinese .
1	smh ... customer service is clearly not on their priority list .
0	i swear it was worse than my first experience .
1	customer service : disappointing .
0	if i wanted them in _num_ days i would have paid $ _num_ less !
1	customer service is awful i wo n't be eating here ever again !
0	unbelievable .
1	this is not the way to treat potential customers and just people in general .
0	i wish i would have taken a picture .
1	awful customer service !
0	szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
1	i was a customer for approx _num_ yrs .
0	upon entering it smelled of sewage and was very dark .
1	too much cheese on their pizzas , and the customer service is incredibly poor .
0	the message to me is management must be blind & ignorant .
1	the customer service displayed was some of the worst i have ever seen .
0	the last visit last night was the third strike and sw is out !
1	however , it was very deceiving because the customer service was not good .
0	our pizza was burnt .
1	i heard her talking about customers very badly .
0	the hilton would probably have been better or perhaps any of the other hotels .
1	horrible customer service !
0	_num_ .
1	worst customer service .
0	the bloody mary was completely disgusting .
1	i have never received worse customer service .
0	this place is horrible .
1	inconsistent billing , poor customer service , and lies sum up this service .
0	the way you are treated is sub par .
1	this place has ok food and bad customer service .
0	it 's just rolls off the tongue , does n't it ?
1	there seems to be no consideration for customers at all .
0	but the situation inside is fairly ridiculous .
1	no customer service .
0	the pancakes were ok , a little mushy but flavorful .
1	they are out dated and their customer `` service '' is non existent .
0	food is mediocre at best !
1	and we could have been loyal customers for years to come .
0	but its definitely not worth the money .
1	food is terrible so is customer service .
0	sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick .
1	customer service leaves much to be desired .
