0	the restaurant never called us , so we ended up eating elsewhere .
1	i was in the hospital back in february to give birth to my daughter .
0	the times i 've been here , its been an ok experience .
1	my daughter 's milk did n't come out till after the food was there .
0	anything dealing with food is a train wreck .
1	my daughter made me come but next time i 'll put my foot down .
0	i again had offended by my request .
1	my daughter ordered two large regular crust cheese pizzas and i brought them home .
0	this sandwich shop lacks all of those things .
1	daughter had rib-eye , which was better , wife had filet i think .
0	just awful .
1	got a gift from my daughter that she purchased at worst buy .
0	my husband 's salad , italian chopped , was better .
1	took my _num_ yr old daughter for a simple wash , cut and style .
0	w h at a shame .
1	this is my daughter 's favorite spot in clt .
0	probably give it another shot but not my first choice considering the prices .
1	brought my daughter who enjoyed the interaction displays that made the experience more fun .
0	she did not greet me as i opened the door .
1	my daughter also disliked the beans .
0	sadly , i was disappointed .
1	shopping with my daughters over the years , obviously priceless !
0	they still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card .
1	my daughter had a _num_ o'clock appt .
0	this was a big mistake .
1	my daughter 's eggs came out almost within seconds .
0	ca n't wait till google comes to save us .
1	_num_ ) the owners daughter was running around and at times yelling or crying .
0	ridiculous .
1	plus my daughter always loves stopping in for their cookies .
0	it 's definitely not the worst i 've ever had .
1	i booked a flight for my daughter over a month early through expedia .
0	_num_ .
1	my daughter , i and two cats came here .
0	i was hung up on twice before i could even get my order out .
1	my daughter commented that the lettuce tasted almost frozen .
0	i 'll probably not be back .
1	upon ordering drinks , i ordered my daughter mac and cheese .
0	i dined at morton 's last night jan _num_ , _num_ .
1	i told her that was my daughter and i would leave shortly .
0	went a few times and the last visit made me sick .
1	i paid to have my daughters hair dried and they left it wet .
0	it was very cold .
1	my daughter played the same elementary song for months and never advanced .
0	they refuse to put anything on paper .
1	my daughter first asked and she rudely just said no .
0	the aisles feel more narrow than they should be for a store this size .
1	a wonderful cosy atmosphere with my daughters on wednesday night .
0	finally got seated and waited _num_ minutes for waters and then ate mediocre food .
1	never the less my daughter enjoys this school .
0	and then she said `` no , what kind of dress . ''
1	my daughter ordered the fettuccine alfredo and it was quite bland .
0	if that does n't work , then they try to scare you w/ it .
1	our daughter 's car was fixed in two days and looked superb when returned .
0	Negative
1	we ordered my daughter a grilled cheese , which thankfully came out quickly .
0	and it smells like a coffee shop should smell - like coffee .
1	i visited this location last night with my boyfriend and his daughter .
0	long waits and lack of attentiveness .
1	my daughter ordered boneless wings and the portions were ridiculous .
0	the thing is the fish does not taste fresh at all !
1	my daughter ordered a pizza that was a warmed up frozen pizza .
0	the bread was thick and doughy ( clearly a filler ) .
1	so i gave the store my business again for my daughter 's 5th bday .
0	the filet was decent but not $ _num_ worth of decent .
1	i took my daughter for the buy _num_ get _num_ free buffet .
0	it was frustrating .
1	i gave a mani/pedi to my daughter as a gift .
0	i do not recommend .
1	apparently she is their daughter and is being groomed to take over .
0	as for me , i do n't think i 'll be back .
1	_num_ hour waiting room wait for daughter 's appointment .
0	this place offers really poor service .
1	excellent food and service for my daughter 's 10th birthday .
0	terrible experience !
1	went thru the drive-thru with my wife and daughter .
0	they lead me to each exit , and each time they were locked .
1	my daughter ordered chicken fingers which were not that great .
0	_num_ .
1	the moment i walked in i was kicked out because i had my daughter .
0	try $ _num_ , for real .
1	then my daughter had some sort of sushi roll tasteless and disgusting .
0	i was not a fan and probably wo n't be back .
1	my daughter does n't make mistakes . ''
0	if i were to go back , it certainly would not be to eat .
1	i wo n't take my daughter back there .
0	you will be disappointed .
1	went in looking for fabrics and info for my daughter to do sewing lessons .
0	am i still expected to keep waiting ?
1	over a month period ( if not more ) my daughter was sick .
0	total for the above was $ _num_ !
1	i am exceptionally disappointed with the experience my daughter has had with this company .
0	i feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter .
1	and then 2nd night my daughter developed a fever _num_ .
0	never again will i go to this location .
1	i went in to get a refund for my teenage daughter .
0	they were again completely flavorless , but warmer .
1	my daughter would n't even eat it .
0	here 's the catch ... there was no sauce !
1	my sister , daughter & i were _num_ minutes early to the restaurant .
0	the worst thing about this place is also sam .
1	i went there with my fianc and his daughter last sunday .
0	next up , the `` general tso 's bean curd . ''
1	my _num_ daughters and i will not return to queens nails .
0	not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job .
1	my daughter is extremely afraid of the dentist .
0	then the stack was topped with whipped cream .
1	i had _num_ cups ... my daughter had one .
0	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
1	i took my daughter here and it was a very bad experience .
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	the when our daughters second birthday came around we thought why not go here .
0	very poor customer service at this location .
1	what a horrible place that my daughter had to celebrate her _num_ birthday !
0	im _num_ from ohio .
1	i ordered chicken strips for my daughter .
0	i walk in , look around , look at the menu ... hmmm .
1	she said that the file indicated my daughter would need a size _num_ .
0	our _num_ year old was so bored that she wanted to leave .
1	my daughter enjoyed her hibachi chicken .
0	they damaged my car .
1	my daughter ( _num_ yrs old ) ordered spinach ravioli with chicken .
0	if we had been drinking we would n't care .
1	my daughter is wearing it in _num_ months .
0	know your customers , bring back the stew .
1	next my daughter ordered their specialty , the banana strawberry pancakes .
0	being a pastry chef myself , i had to try it .
1	i always buy my daughter gift cards for red robin .
0	she had to check with kitchen several times to answer our questions .
1	our daughter loved every minute .
0	i went out with three others on a friday night to grab some dinner .
1	a group of us were celebrating our daughters graduation from law school .
0	_num_ .
1	my daughter 's drink order was wrong to start .
0	absolutely horrible customer service !
1	it was my daughters graduation and we were all so disappointed .
0	it was karaoke tonight , not my fav but whatever .
1	she said , `` no , but my daughter is looking for something . ''
0	she was told that they only have one cart !
1	the flour tortilla on my daughter 's bean burro was crunchy .
0	that 's the only reason why i gave them such a poor mark .
1	my daughter & i enjoy pf chang 's each time we dine there together .
0	waited 15-20 minutes for service and it is not busy .
1	the chicken is really hard and my daughter lost interest in the food .
0	but this was quickly corrected .
1	my daughters chicken was so overcooked she could not cut it .
0	the fish and chips looked great but it did n't taste like anything !
1	i will never take my daughter there again for school age day care .
0	richard does not make you feel comfortable .
1	my daughter 's favorite place to eat .
0	all bad news .
1	my daughter , granddaughter and i had breakfast there this morning .
0	there were literally exactly four sad little pieces .
1	my wife and daughter would remain in the car .
0	i have never been treated that way with any owner of a business .
1	my son : _num_ ; daughter : _num_ years old .
0	was really excited to try this out .
1	my daughter is _num_ and they kept bringing her child 's instead of adult .
0	not good .
1	we ordered my daughter grilled chicken and apple slices .
0	the drinks were all ice and refills were not timely .
1	brought my daughter in for allergy testing .
0	well they delayed the change for _num_ weeks so they could collect more longer .
1	my wife and daughter ordered sesame chicken a few days ago .
0	despite how great the food was , i wo n't be returning .
1	daughter ordered classic burger with fries and our appetizer was the new fried pickles .
0	i did n't touch anyone .
1	it was barely enough food to feed my _num_ year old daughter .
0	the store seems to be a kind of a ripoff .
1	my grand daughter loved her shoes and would not take them off .
0	so be aware they added an automatic _num_ % gratuity to the check .
1	the things she told my daughter was not professional at all .
0	clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here .
1	the visit included me , my daughter , and my wife .
0	after they microwaved it it was barely fit to eat .
1	wife and i had some some time to waste before daughters performance .
0	they also cut back bus services and lay off all these bus drivers .
1	my daughter realized it was the plates .
0	the `` ambiance '' is loud , dark , dingy and depressing .
1	daughter ordered a house salad with balsamic vinaigrette .
0	got a full set and the exact same thing happened _num_ days later .
1	my daughter was a little bit busy getting married .
0	no desk , no real work surface but an oversized tv tray .
1	my daughter 's blt sandwich was dry , small , and cost $ _num_ .
0	i dunno .
1	the service was lousy and our server forgot to bring my daughter 's order .
0	i would n't recommend richard or the salon to anyone .
1	horrible experience for my daughter 's wedding .
0	then , in june , my maid of honor calls me .
1	my mother , daughter and i went here last week .
0	needless to say we will never go there again .
1	my daughter ordered chicken that looked good but was raw inside .
0	the guy was obviously knowledgable about mattresses but he was rude and condescending .
1	also , the sirloin my daughter got was cooked properly and very tough .
0	when it came out , it was pretty lousy .
1	this used to be my daughter 's favorite restaurant .
0	you can usually count on them for cheap and fast food .
1	my daughter and i ordered the same _num_ oz .
0	_num_ .
1	my daughters hand was sliced open and wrapped in paper towels .
0	`` ok , sir .
1	and to top it all off , my daughter was sick and crying .
0	yep , the food was cold .
1	my daughter and i left without finishing our food .
0	horrible experience .
1	she never showed herself only her daughter and the waiter .
0	i unfortunately ordered the fettuccine alfredo -- worst ever .
1	the owners recently hired one of their daughters boyfriend to watch the children .
0	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
1	she ordered the enchiladas my daughter ordered spaghetti and we shared chicken fajitas .
0	horrible .
1	my daughter and i ate weiss deli last month .
0	crust not cooked enough etc i hope this is not a trend .
1	i was disgusted and walked out with my two daughters .
0	i gave her a call and she did n't pick up .
1	my daughter & i went in for a pedicure .
0	would not go back .
1	my daughter was in a group of _num_ kids going to dinner for prom .
0	my biggest issue was the utter lack of any taste .
1	drove all the way downtown so my girlfriends daughter could get a few donuts .
0	they charge for internet service in the room , that 's so _num_ !
1	my daughter used ranch and said it was horrible .
0	then shortly after , i needed to replace the alternator or the like .
1	the driver does n't hold the door open for my wife or daughter .
0	the selection here is stellar , but the prices are ridiculously high .
1	not even when i 've sent my husband to take our daughter .
0	the person next to me ordered the beer battered giant fish sandwich .
1	explained it for about _num_ seconds to my daughter .
0	then refused to call m & p to talk to the manager .
1	i came here with my wife and daughter for some dinner .
0	it did seem a little unwelcoming and a little dated .
1	the only good part was my daughter 's chicken fingers , fries and pepsi .
0	i made a reservation on monday to pick up some equipment on saturday .
1	my daughter 's food was great , she had the cheese ravioli .
0	the worst salon experience of my life .
1	i ordered the wedge salad and my daughter ordered the kids chicken nuggets .
0	unacceptable .
1	his daughter had a turkey sandwich and soup .
0	first place i went on my visit to pittsburgh .
1	my daughter has been attending this daycare for almost _num_ 1/2 years .
0	our waitress did not seem very enthusiastic .
1	the hostess was very nice and accommodating with my daughters wheelchair .
0	tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
1	my daughter had two shredded beef tacos for $ _num_ , filling .
0	it was the same bagel , they just stuck it in the microwave .
1	i also talked to my daughter 's previous coach to explain my concerns .
0	turned out to be way more hassle than it was worth .
1	she requests another spoon - again - and my daughter requests one as well .
0	unsatisfied customer !
1	but because of the _num_ star review the owner called my daughter .
0	also , white tortillas just do not do it for me .
1	she yelled at my daughter to get away from the dog .
0	i am not interested in ever going back !
1	my daughter and i being the only _num_ people in the dinning area .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	my youngest daughter ordered pizza & the side was yogurt .
0	it happens !
1	had daughter call ... hung up on after _num_ min hold .
0	unbelievable .
1	my daughters eyes are fine , no thanks to this eye specialist !
0	lack of chicken and brown , mushy lettuce .
1	my young daughter picked out some trendy polish for her nails & toes .
0	it really feels like a total lack of effort , honesty and professionalism .
1	`` worst meal i ever ate '' says my _num_ yr old daughter .
0	$ _num_ for two small hamburgers ?
1	please do not contact my daughter again .
0	i was afraid to sleep in that nasty bed .
1	we ordered the sampler and i hated it and my daughter got sick !
0	but as long as they got their money ; they could give a crap .
1	i did not want to complain since my daughter treated me to lunch .
0	a voice from downstairs says `` i 'm down here . ''
1	i just want to schedule a general _num_ month check up for my daughter .
0	i think i 'll find a place that 's a little more ... me .
1	my daughter did not tell me about this until after the party .
0	zero stars for price .
1	this morning , my wife , daughter and i walked there for brunch .
0	_num_ star .
1	my daughter likes kfc so they get _num_ stars for that .
0	first off , i like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible .
1	after that incident my daughter walked out of the class and told me everything .
0	you wo n't find me at an olive garden back in new jersey !
1	toys , tv room , staff was so sweet to our daughter .
0	a regular ice cream cone was $ _num_ .
1	by lunch time , my daughter did not receive the flowers .
0	- it 's _num_ and they have no website or menu .
1	well my daughter and i went in for lunch .
0	you disappointed me .
1	my _num_ year old daughter flew from boston to phx .
0	first , let me say i wish you could leave _num_ stars .
1	my daughters appointment was at 10am .
0	this was not a four star dining experience .
1	gave my daughter the incorrect prescription for her vision problems .
0	worst run business in the free world .
1	i then served my daughter a piece , and she started eating .
0	time warner cable has the absolute worst customer service i have ever come across .
1	i was really upset that my daughter was treated this way .
0	got _num_ bites for one night .
1	had a groupon so my daughter and i tried it out .
0	i ca n't say the food is bad .
1	mean while my daughter is hungry and getting tired .
0	i just started laughing , i was sure this entire night was a joke .
1	my daughter and i ordered my pizza slices to eat in and hers togo .
0	!
1	since i had my daughter with me , i did n't argue .
0	wo n't be coming back .
1	my daughter and i have had the best experience ever .
0	there were no open tables , despite having reservations .
1	out with my daughter , we wanted a buffet .
0	this was just bad pizza .
1	was disgusted when my daughter moved in the chair .
0	without them i 'd have gone hungry that night .
1	my daughter had the pancakes with link sausage .
0	there are better options .
1	my daughter got a big scratch on her stomach from one .
0	it is definitely not for me .
1	this was a _num_ month follow up visit for my _num_ year old daughter .
0	there are a few of them and there 's really nowhere else to go .
1	i asked if she knew my daughters medical history and she said no .
0	the message to me is management must be blind & ignorant .
1	it was so bad that my daughter told me she was scared .
0	not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience .
1	taken my daughter to this office a few times , but wo n't anymore .
0	and proceeded to scream at her for several minutes .
1	my daughter who picked it up had to leave .
0	each visit was more bizarre than the time before .
1	they lost me as a customer plus my daughter and granddaughter .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	first of all , my daughter ordered the _num_ hotcakes and sausage .
0	the inside of the resturant is cramped and poorly maintained .
1	my daughter went here hoping to get her nails done for our vacation .
0	bobby and i came here after dinner and sat up at the bar .
1	i order an apple juice for my daughter and they 're all out .
0	i 'm not a fan of that .
1	daughter i were having the time of our lives tonight .
0	the bloody mary was completely disgusting .
1	my daughter loves crab leg night so we go .
0	they have a salt problem .
1	this office never sent in my daughters records .
0	so disappointed .
1	we showed up with our _num_ month old daughter .
0	wo n't be back .
1	he was rude and disrespectful to myself and my daughter .
0	it took _num_ minutes for our waitress to even come to our table !
1	but ... having been a dry cleaners daughter i am not impressed .
0	they know my measurements , they should know what size i should get !
1	i went here with my husband and daughter for dinner .
0	our food is always wrong .
1	he does n't have the time nor the day for my daughter !
0	this mcdonald 's is so bad it 's amazing .
1	wonderful way to end a girls night with my daughters .
0	they ended up calling two more over , but it took way too long .
1	thank you celebrations for making my daughter feel less than important in your store .
0	the lobster bisque was bland and cold .
1	i brought in my daughter 's old clothes , mostly _num_ 's .
0	red lobster was not the place to be tonight .
1	we held my daughter 's wedding reception here .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	my daughter is _num_ and knows pain .
0	my bill : $ _num_ .
1	my daughter 's steak was overlooked as well .
0	i consider it a blessing that it did n't work out .
1	my daughter ( _num_ ) loves the ribs , as do i .
0	the lighting was poor .
1	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
0	his staff is embarrassed .
1	my daughter ordered bbq beef tips off the kids ' menu .
0	_num_ stars might be too generous !
1	my daughter had the chicken tenders and did n't like them either .
0	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
1	my daughters kids burger was all char no flavor .
0	not so much .
1	had a delicious dinner here the other night with my husband and daughter .
0	we also ordered max 's famous reuben , nothing famous about it .
1	went the the aquarium with my daughter and dinner at rainforest cafe .
0	we got the curry chicken , beef with broccoli , and crab rangoons .
1	my daughter said there were only _num_ stalls in the women 's restroom .
0	i asked if she had pbr , and she replied she did n't know .
1	my daughter ordered some sort of salad with walnuts and strawberries in it .
0	it was just a bad scene .
1	my daughter is fine but my bank account is not .
0	they are understaffed , incompetent , and slow .
1	i guess she did n't like what my daughter was saying .
0	its a dry dough too , very dry .
1	my daughter didnt ' find the orange chicken that great either .
0	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
1	my daughter bought a chicken sandwich yesterday and it was soaking and soggy .
0	upon arrival , the place is nearly empty .
1	he did n't care that my daughter had gotten sick .
0	used to be the best i 've ever had .
1	the problem was with my husband and daughter 's burgers .
0	sad to say the other reviews i read of this place are accurate .
1	my daughter barely ate any of her two mini tacos .
0	got a bang trim , a low # _num_ cut , and a wash .
1	my daughter did n't care for her nail lady .
0	he did nothing to compensate us for the long wait .
1	had my daughter there with dr. austin who was an absolute monster !
0	my breakfast burrito tasted like nothing and a our food was cold .
1	i brought my wife , daughter and grand daughter here for dinner tonight .
0	the lady i spoke to was rude and unprofessional .
1	my daughter does n't like the doctor .
