0	we made the unfortunate decision to make a reservation here for a special occasion .
1	oh , i do like the decor of the place .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	love the new decor & outdoor seating !
0	for _num_ girlfriends , they brought _num_ joint check .
1	the inside decor is awful and their food is totally bland and gross .
0	Positive
1	the decor was junkie and old and cluttered .
0	then we had _num_ different kind of pho for our main entree .
1	decor was average and it had nothing really memorable about its area .
0	it tasted more steamed than hot grilled .
1	i walked in sat down , greeted by friendly staff and great decor .
0	a place i would go back to but not regularly .
1	the decor was cool , but not worth eating the food .
0	overpriced merchandise that does not last .
1	the place looks really run down and the decor is very outdated .
0	the waitress did n't take the coke off of the bill until i asked .
1	the food is gross , along with the decor & especially the carpet .
0	the older man that took us to the table could have done nicer .
1	i do n't even care about the decor or seating etc .
0	great location but the facilities are a little tired .
1	new decor felt like a real restaurant .
0	if your not a chain smoker , opt for takeout .
1	the location is easy to get to , the decor is nice and clean .
0	completely unprofessional and ridiculous .
1	cons : decor was sort of confusing and borderline gross .
0	the top was n't even and was kind of a mess .
1	traditional supper club , outdated decor .
0	throughout the entire order , we got nothing but attitude .
1	bland , basic decor , lighting is almost hospital sterile in many ways .
0	we ordered wings and pierogies for appetizers , for which we waited _num_ minutes .
1	the decor is incredibly sexy and the food is delicious .
0	she also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary .
1	i will say the decor is absolutely beautiful but the food is garbage .
0	my experience at this friday 's was not what i was expecting .
1	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
0	i 'm not from here , so maybe i do n't share the love .
1	the room was clean and the hall decor seemed updated and fine with me .
0	panera quality should be consistent no matter what location you visit .
1	the flavors are fabulous , the atmosphere and decor lovely .
0	i only returned because i was getting my dog groomed at the nearby petco .
1	-the decor is awful !
0	find someplace else in bloomfield .
1	the decor was pretty nice but the food left alot to be desired .
0	it 's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable .
1	the first thing i noticed was the decor .
0	upon arrival , the place is nearly empty .
1	_num_ ) decor is old .
0	diners beware , spend your money elsewhere .
1	the decor itself was plain and did n't stand out much .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	very dated decor is another negative .
0	basically , reservations mean nothing here .
1	the decor is dated and ugly .
0	eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $ _num_ .
1	the decor is dated and a bit depressing .
0	so frustrated .
1	this did not help the location and decor .
0	the bread was cold and hard .
1	whoa , not digging the new decor at all !
0	just gon na stand here and get looked over for a little while longer .
1	the decor is awful !
0	this rink just did n't blow my mind .
1	decor & ambiance very cheap feeling also .
0	but i 'm a tourist here , and wanted to try it .
1	decor had n't been updated since _num_ .
0	for the price of everything , it was not worth it all .
1	the decor was outdated and looked drab .
0	furnishings and bedding from the _num_ 's ... if not _num_ 's !
1	the decor is horrible .
0	that 's sort of disappointing but still fine .
1	the decor is just great .
0	they replaced the normal wooden board , and replaced it with a plate .
1	new decor and no service .
0	i was totally underwhelmed .
1	the decor inside is really cool .
0	i feel i paid $ _num_ for a $ _num_ meal .
1	the decor was interesting but i was n't really feeling the ambiance .
0	yesterday they were undercooked , gritty , and gross .
1	the restaurant : dated decor , christmas lights everywhere ( in feb ) .
0	this beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold .
1	the decor is dated , but honestly that was n't an issue for us .
0	and , its not good .
1	the decor and wait staff are interesting and service was average .
0	bathroom leaks atleast _num_ times a month .
1	the decor is very tired and not that clean .
0	`` hello , sir .
1	the decor is adorable .
0	even burger king does n't microwave their breakfast !
1	the decor was the only saving grace of this dive .
0	it 's really frustrating .
1	the restaurant itself is large inside and has very nice decor .
0	prices were inflated for a limited valentines day menu .
1	now the pink decor has gone to crap .
0	my recommendation would be to not buy suits , shirts or shoes here .
1	climb up the pitch dark stairs - decor does n't look so bad .
0	he immediately brought our waters over and we ordered drinks .
1	the decor is dated and the dim lighting does not hide that .
0	the person checking me out was not hospitable .
1	- kitschy decor ( yes , it has decor ! )
0	i 'm really torn by this review .
1	prices are reasonable and the decor is inviting .
0	i must be missing something because this place seemed expensive for dry cleaning .
1	i can get pass the decor if the food was good .
0	everything is bland .
1	its decor is horrible .
0	the only thing that saved this store were the nice people that worked there .
1	as others have said , decor and location are horrible .
0	it looked like it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	first , the decor is so outdated it feels dirty and old .
0	the inside was maybe worse , trash and dirty .
1	decor : old and needs a redo and cheesy .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	the decor inside is so outdated it 's not even funny .
0	and this is n't even the halfway point to philly .
1	the decor needs a restaurant impossible makeover .
0	good store - rude owners and employees .
1	this place could really use a remodel on its decor .
0	will not use this garage in the future .
1	as for the decor , they need a facelift badly .
0	i should have refused delivery and just got my money back .
1	_num_ stars for the decor and $ _num_ happy hour on all wines .
0	we could n't eat it .
1	the decor was very tasteful , fresh and indian inspired .
0	i wish they did n't put fried batter all over it though .
1	outdated decor and kind of musty smelling , but who cares .
0	worst place ever .
1	there is no question that the decor of the artisan is legendary .
0	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
1	_num_ ) the decor of the store is horrendous .
0	fyi - prices are scheduled to go up jan _num_ _num_ .
1	colors and decor seem boring and out of style .
0	but this location puts the name to shame .
1	the food is pretty good and the decor is awesome !
0	this was one of the most disgusting restaurants ive ever been in .
1	the only good thing was the decor .
0	the crust was super doughy and the cheese was pretty gross .
1	the decor is definitely nothing to speak of , but it was clean .
0	our main dishes were equally mediocre .
1	the decor is tired and old but cozy .
0	i 'm not a coffee snob i can do with it or without it .
1	the decor is like stepping into a diner from the late _num_ 's .
0	kind of gross if you ask me .
1	decor leaves much to be desired .
0	fortunately , i 'd gotten that info when i ordered .
1	the decor is kitschy , and not in a fun way .
0	no more smoking allowed .
1	the decor was a lot nicer than i was expecting too .
0	it was n't a memorable meal or experience .
1	the dining room could use some wall decor .
0	altogether , spent $ _num_ and left with a great disappointment !
1	it is low class no matter what the decor looks like .
0	actually , everything i ate was mushy .
1	decor is pretty dated and the whole place could use cleaning .
0	rude , crowded , and most importantly not that great !
1	great decor and open window too , will be back !
0	poor little guy .
1	horrible decor , mediocre to poor service , and bad food .
0	excuse given was understaffed but when you are not busy it does n't fly .
1	decor is ok , certainly nothing to go out of your way for .
0	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
1	the restaurant has been there forever , and it shows in the tired decor .
0	it 's tacky too hot .
1	the decor is _num_ 's `` americanized mexico . ''
0	things like that really bother me .
1	tacky decor .
0	there was some improvement for awhile , but it has gotten worse .
1	the decor provides a traditional feel ( and so does its clientele ) .
0	aside from the poor service and chaos , the food was pretty good .
1	the decor is very old school vegas .
0	the employees and jewelry itself saved this review from being a _num_ star .
1	their presentation is immaculate , and their decor is friendly and inviting .
0	they just said thank you and walked away .
1	beautiful decor .
0	i looked down and saw dirty toe nails and finger nails on the floor .
1	the best part is the tacky 80s decor !
0	those expectations kind of fell flat .
1	another reviewer described the decor as being in their grandparents house .
0	overall , it was a larger than average portion for a good fish sandwich .
1	the decor is just awful .
0	unfortunately that burger was `` _num_ 'd '' ... as was her second choice .
1	great flavors , great decor , super nice people !
0	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
1	ancient decor , funky smells .
0	salad was average at best .
1	outdated decor but lots of booths .
0	unfortunately the food was not .
1	the decor is very _num_ 's and never updated .
0	getting on and off is confusing .
1	the `` decor '' is barely that .
0	the karaoke had a very limited selection .
1	the decor , still looks like they are stuck in the _num_ 's .
0	i could n't even taste garlic in it .
1	there were fish tanks and water falls , tiki cocktail glasses and rainforest decor .
0	what horrible service this place gives !
1	room decor is old and bed was not comfortable .
0	the owner called me to apologize .
1	my only reason for not giving it another star would be the decor .
0	the tiramisu also was gross .
1	a cool shop - definitely a place to buy home decor items or gifts .
0	not the drivers fault .
1	anyways , the decor is rustic but outdated .
0	i 'd go back for bottled beer , that 's about it .
1	the decor is nothing to write home about .
0	Neutral
1	the decor made me think it would be much more affordable than it was .
0	it looked pretty awful like a hard , dry , high school cafeteria lunch .
1	this place needs some serious upgrades starting with the carpet and wall decor .
0	this made me question whether or not she was professionally trained .
1	the decor in this place is cluttered , old , and feels dirty .
0	i literally walk past this subway _num_ times a week .
1	the decor in the restaurant was nice though .
0	he then was really rude and never gave us napkins or forks .
1	upon entering , the hotel smelled old and had very outdated decor .
0	no such luck , since it was prime dining time on saturday night .
1	-the decor and merchandise looks cheap and low quality .
0	_num_ stars for being cheap and delivering .
1	the atmosphere and decor leave much to be desired .
0	so many great bakeries in pittsburgh so i would not go back .
1	but the service did n't match the decor .
0	the service here is mediocre at best .
1	ok first off the decor made me feel dirty .
0	i 've had way better chinese sushi at giant eagle of all places .
1	the decor and ambience is quite unparalleled to other places in the city .
0	it was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died .
1	decent food , average service , cheesy decor but killer margaritas .
0	even at the discounted price we paid for queens feast we felt robbed .
1	the decor has not changed since the place was built .
0	but seriously , there are still restaurants that allow smoking ?
1	stuffy , old and out dated decor .
0	not very tasty .
1	above all , awesome retro decor .
0	the seafood was a little undercooked and everything was dripping in butter .
1	upon entering , the decor is pretty mediocre , not too much chinese character .
0	nope , it said $ _num_ for a master stylist women 's haircut .
1	the decor is dark , dingy and sort of run down looking .
0	rice was over cooked .
1	the decor is not cheesy .
0	i was mostly wrong .
1	recommend they dig out menus and decor from _num_ years back .
0	half of the floors do n't have vending machines .
1	their decor is very old school chinese .
0	( they had run out of home fries ) .
1	decor is incredibly outdated , no wifi .
0	i dropped off my standard prescription today , with the head pharmacist .
1	the only thing this place has going for itself is the decor .
0	apparently the guy was the owner , but he was beyond rude .
1	_num_ years ago , same decor , horrible service , boring food .
0	i do n't normally get my beer from there .
1	decor is subtle and great for a date .
0	customer service was a joke .
1	the building is plain , late _num_ 's decor .
0	meaning , i never saw her full face .
1	when we walked in the restaurant decor seems dated , or perhaps just generic .
0	he barely let me talk and continuously spoke over me .
1	it was a lot of fun and the decor was awesome too .
0	the place smells of smoke .
1	decor and service were just fine , no issues there .
0	she walked up the stairs and ignored us .
1	their gear is as dated as the decor .
0	it 's horrible .
1	first of all the outdated decor stinks of smoke and mold .
0	she did n't say a word to us .
1	a+ for decor and ambience .
0	i ca n't wait to check out .
1	the lunch menu just seemed out of place with the rest of decor .
0	i attended the sushi class on monday night .
1	the decor was old _num_ 's which could have charm but this did n't .
0	`` ill tell the waitress . ''
1	decor was lacking and it was very dark and dingy on the inside .
0	go here to die !
1	i liked the decor of the place .
0	okay , i 'm not from pittsburgh .
1	decor is plain .
0	if they did n't , that would be fine we 'd call someplace else .
1	to start , the decor and food is very outdated and bland .
0	terrible customer service and it was my birthday .
1	the decor was standard , nothing special stood out to me .
0	first off , service was horrible .
1	the all white decor was a little much .
0	and not giving real receipts ( they use hand written ones ! )
1	the food was average , the service was slow and the decor was old .
0	sadly , i just did n't like it .
1	there is outdated furniture and decor .
0	avoid this place as all costs .
1	the decor was bland , to say the least .
0	there was no one filling up water .
1	the decor had a layer of dust all over it .
0	at first i thought maybe it was a fluke .
1	the service and decor are mediocre .
0	i think we waited about _num_ mins , which was n't bad .
1	great decor .
0	i do n't think i have one good thing to say about this place .
1	couple all this a dated disorganized decor , i could of skipped this one .
0	it was thick and gooey and the flavor did n't wow .
1	the decor is amazing and so is the food .
0	thank you for horrible customer service and a useless watch .
1	mediocre decor and atmosphere .
0	the only way to describe the food is disgusting .
1	outdated decor everywhere .
0	do not do business with these people .
1	it had tasteful , old school decor and helpful people at every turn .
0	coffee makers were loudly talking , and seemed annoyed at my presence .
1	cheesy island decor .
0	the chicken sandwich was burnt and you cook smell the burn !
1	i do n't know if you can call it decor .
0	all the sales associates are extremely useful and educated .
1	negatives : the lighting , the decor and the smoking .
0	store is open until 2:00 .
1	decor is very pretty , open and not overbearing .
0	gross , gross , gross .
1	the decor was ... plain .
0	the towel the girl put out had large brown stains on it !
1	the only redeeming quality is the decor .
0	the menu was small and underwhelming .
1	the decor is nothing to write home about , but the food is great .
0	ate here on a saturday night for a friend 's birthday .
1	they even have original menus as part of the decor .
0	for a store the size of giant eagle , i expect more .
1	con 's : outdated decor and seating , average food to sub par food .
0	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
1	the decor was outdated along with the menu and food .
0	i will not be back again to eat .
1	also , the decor of the restaurant just screamed tired , old , diner .
0	world .
1	the beer was cold and the decor was nice .
0	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
1	same decor , same recipes , but supposedly new management .
0	_num_ .
1	our most recent purchase was for a desk that would fit with our decor .
0	when i received my order i immediately opened it to take a bite .
1	they carry dried flowers , candles , lighting , and garden decor .
0	needless to say , we were unable to take advantage of any specials .
1	the decor was awful !
0	my boyfriend 's general tso 's was less than subpar .
1	decor is lacking greatly and the overall environment was quite dirty and messy .
0	seriously , how many f words can you not use on a yelp review ?
1	anyway , i was glad last year that they fixed up the decor .
0	holy ... cannoli ... get me out of here !
1	my first impression was the outdated decor .
0	do n't bother to stop .
1	they are over priced and the decor needs to be redone .
0	pay more elsewhere for better quality .
1	still has that good old basement decor .
0	extremely disappointing and appalling .
1	as far as decor the place is nice .
0	they have completely horrible , rude customer service reps .
1	very amateur decor .
0	where do you find apples and feta cheese with no taste ?
1	shame on you landmark , update your menu , decor and bathrooms .
0	mediocre service .
1	the decor was nice but the food , not so such .
0	it was off .
1	it 's a shame because the food & decor are fairly good .
0	there are just too many misses in my book though .
1	cool decor and great service too .
0	the shrimp were $ _num_ a piece .
1	the decor in each room is old and just plain standard ... nothing special .
0	i will not go back again .
1	it 's too bad because the service and decor of osaka are top notch .
0	it was overcooked , like rubber , and served on plain white beans .
1	decent decor .
0	the haircut was $ _num_ .
1	the decor and atmosphere are nice , clean and inviting .
0	should i really tell him how much he deserved ?
1	the decor of the rooms is n't just dated it is downright tired .
0	there were several things that got me annoyed , one after another .
1	the place is a decent size with average decor and nice staff .
0	the ladies at the reception desk are horrible !
1	the decor is old and does n't look sanitary .
0	my braised short ribs were all bones !
1	the hotel itself had character with an old southwestern decor .
0	the worst salon experience of my life .
1	and do n't get me started on the decor .
0	the only option for brunch is to get the buffet .
1	decor was nice .
0	very disappointed with this place .
1	also , the black & pink decor is tired , harsh & tacky .
0	their food is pretty much like their beers , forgettable .
1	i loved looking at the decor in lidia 's .
0	decent furniture but wow was i disappointed by the payment process .
1	the decor is typical `` throw junk on the wall '' chic .
0	do not bring your car here .
1	indifferent service , sketchy location , horrible decor , but awesome food .
0	they brought mussels instead of our mozzarella sticks .
1	the lighting and decor are very calming and inviting .
0	the salad had way too much iceberg lettuce and tasted like crap .
1	the decor is just cheesy and lame .
0	not too shabby .
1	the decor of the restaurant is very elegant but urban .
0	no apologies nothing .
1	the decor is painfully cute .
0	my bf got the steak with battered shrimp .
1	furthermore the decor and vibe in the place is lacking .
0	it 's an ayce trio .
1	i do like the decor though .
0	first of all , ordering was strange .
1	the decor is old school and seems satisfied in it 's current state .
0	chicken chewy and rubbery .
1	the decor may be a little shabby but the food was excellent .
