0	the hotel itself is ok .
1	first the dentist i saw has the bed side manners of a zombie .
0	i 'd say , skip this one .
1	great practice , great dentist !
0	but was a winning season too much to ask for ?
1	great dentist !
0	food is terrible .
1	i have found a new dentist and it 's close to where i live !
0	not even a simple `` i 'm sorry . ''
1	they quoted me a dentist and _num_ specialists and $ _num_ .
0	baby on board , we walked in and waited to be greeted .
1	the dentists are so professional and intelligent .
0	lidia 's was one of our favorite italian restaurant in the city .
1	excellent dentist .
0	worst service i have ever had .
1	i am glad i checked with another dentist first !
0	you will only get frustrated with the slow as hell service .
1	once you find a good dentist you should stick with them .
0	i wasted $ _num_ for nothing because they did n't do a through job .
1	all the work was finished at the pediatric dentist .
0	they ended up making a new one and the wait was over _num_ minutes .
1	best dentist in town !
0	the food was okay , but worst service ever .
1	worst dentist i have ever been to .
0	not at this place .
1	in my opinion , i would find another dentist office .
0	my son and i stopped by china gate after a movie in the galleria .
1	i honestly thought my son had developed a fear of the dentist .
0	horrible experience .
1	we love this dentist office !
0	Negative
1	the dentist is very good and has a good sense of humor .
0	the burger was so-so with little flavor , which was very disappointing .
1	worst dentist i 've ever went to .
0	i will not be back again to eat .
1	wonderful dentist and staff .
0	horrible food .
1	the dentist i saw was dr hall and she was so sweet and understanding .
0	both of these dishes were extremely unappealing as well .
1	love this dentist !
0	and the restaurant is empty !
1	most importantly every dentist we have worked with thus far has really been great !
0	too much trouble .
1	we really like this dentist and recommend him to everyone !
0	it was very crowded due to little italy days in bloomfield .
1	one of the best dentists in this town !
0	i really wanted to like this place but alas it just was n't happening .
1	great staff , great dentist .
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	i just moved to the area and needed a new dentist .
0	wo n't be coming back anytime soon .
1	but the dentist was rude .
0	i guess because the big box stores are cheaper and maybe more accessible .
1	i recommend this office as the best dentist in az !
0	they ripped me off .
1	this dentist 's office is made up of an awesome team .
0	i should n't have to ask for napkins at the point of need .
1	one dentist assistant who was pleasant and gentle with me was michelle .
0	i will not go back until they are gone .
1	how could my last dentist have missed all that stuff ?
0	this made everyone extremely uncomfortable !
1	i was not impressed in the least with this dentist .
0	very disappointed !
1	absolutely amazing cosmetic dentist .
0	staff very rude .
1	the dentist is rough in his procedures .
0	i get better shrimp pasta at macaroni grill !
1	i told the dentist that he should have _num_ !
0	obviously this is the way a simple complaint is handled by management .
1	i 've been to many dentists and this by far the best .
0	this pizza is not good .
1	by far the best experience i 've had at the dentist !
0	_num_ . )
1	this place reminds me of my childhood dentist .
0	really bad service !
1	this will be our new family dentist office !
0	horrible !
1	nice man , great dentist !
0	not real italian .
1	is it possible for kids to love going to the dentist ?
0	some customers may like it , me , not so much .
1	i highly suggest going someplace else if you want a more professional dentist .
0	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
1	waiting _num_ or more minutes to see the dentist after your cleaning .
0	the building is old and dirty .
1	very good dentist .
0	the food : plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying .
1	personally the dentist is ok i guess .
0	i do n't want to be too mean .
1	the dentist is very nice and patient .
0	the waitress the first time i went was a little short , not personable .
1	friendly and efficient staff , great hygienist and dentist !
0	it 's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows .
1	my insurance provider auto selected this dentist for me .
0	the customer service here is horrible .
1	do not go here -- find another dentist .
0	no explanation , no apology , nothing .
1	i do not recommend this dentist .
0	heck , go to a grocery store instead .
1	the whole experience really helped my _num_ children feel comfortable going to the dentist .
0	the worst best buy i have ever visited .
1	by far the worst dentist i have ever been to .
0	$ _num_ caesar salad with tasteless dressing that probably came out of a bottle .
1	i would definitely recommend this dentist .
0	sat at the bar at about _num_ saturday for appetizers and drinks .
1	if you are looking for a new dentist , go here .
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	i absolutely love this dentist office .
0	being a pastry chef myself , i had to try it .
1	best dentist ever !
0	so , yeah , the smell .
1	great dentist , organized staff .
0	the food is crap .
1	i have been to the dentist before .
0	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
1	i used this dentist for at least a couple years .
0	for $ _num_ plus delivery ?
1	best dentist office ever .
0	do n't walk away .
1	i have been terrified of going to the dentist for years after going here .
0	it took _num_ minutes for our waitress to even come to our table !
1	very pleasant office staff and an excellent dentist .
0	waiter was awful and food ( pad thai ) was not much better .
1	i love my dentist .
0	like , below applebee 's bad .
1	my daughter is learning that the dentist can be a good experience .
0	sorry that i did n't feel like waiting for three other customers .
1	great staff and phenomenal dentists .
0	_num_ .
1	i do n't even think the dentist knows my name .
0	going through aaa is a bit worse than your average dmv .
1	i would give this dentist office zero star if i could .
0	we were greeted very warmly by one of the ice cream technicians .
1	both are knowledgeable , excellent dentists .
0	i sat in the waiting room until _num_ am .
1	when i had them transferred to my new dentist ( dr .
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	i will continue going here and highly recommend this dentist !
0	it was n't edible .
1	he is the most honest and capable dentist that i 've ever had .
0	our vegetables were so soft , they all tasted the same , mushy .
1	your dentist asked that i prep your tooth for your crown .
0	not worth the attitude of the staff .
1	dentist .
0	it 's pretty much a crap shoot .
1	he 's a salesman , not an ethical dentist .
0	i felt terrible for her in that situation .
1	i recommend not even thinking going to this dentist !
0	the following week , they would call me back .
1	i found the dentist and my problem has been taken care of .
0	would n't recommend at all .
1	i hate having to go to the dentist but i love my teeth .
0	for our dinner , we were given a salad , entree , & tiramisu .
1	awesome dentist and remarkable team !
0	to which my response would have been , `` oh i 'm so sorry .
1	i love my dentist in la and moved here _num_ months ago .
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	the other dentists would not comment about another office .
0	items seem overcooked or undercooked .
1	dr. ito is a fantastic dentist .
0	no apologies .
1	dentist 's bedside manner was extremely bad .
0	i 'm stuck between two and three stars .
1	great dentist and staff !
0	tried thin man , closed .
1	the dentists are very unprofessional .
0	their market square location worse .
1	the worst dentist i have ever been too .
0	it was very noisy and i do not recommend for kids .
1	overall this is one of the best dentist experience i had .
0	update ... shadyside inn refunded the charges from our stay .
1	one of the best dentist visits i 've ever had !
0	cold .
1	i actually look forward to going to the dentist !
0	this is not what you promised to sell me .
1	let me start off by saying , i hate the dentist .
0	i ordered honey walnut chicken and was served honey walnut shrimp .
1	honestly , best dentist i can remember seeing !
0	burnt chicken in the burrito .
1	all i can say is that i absolutely recommend this dentist and his staff .
0	i was pissed .
1	he 's the best dentist in town .
0	the place was very busy and noisy .
1	the little asian dentist comes in and once again ( surprise ! )
0	unfortunately , it 's more than a lot of other comparable places in uptown .
1	if you want a friendly dentist , this is not the place for you .
0	you should be embarrassed and ashamed to even be selling these !
1	the best dentist and staff i have seen in arizona .
0	hence , i am now here , writing this review .
1	and it was n't even `` dentist 's office '' bad .
0	instead of about _num_ '' _num_ '' it 's about _num_ '' thick .
1	this is an excellent dentist .
0	i no longer have to carry around my terrible , terrible secret .
1	enjoyed having him for my dentist as well .
0	trying to eat `` fresh '' pineapple with no wine just breaks my heart .
1	she is the worst dentist i 've ever seen .
0	rude front desk staff .
1	as excellent as a cosmetic dentist can get !
0	another _num_ minutes pass and we finally got our order .
1	my kids actually enjoy going to the dentist !
0	customer service was poor and unfriendly .
1	having recently cracked a tooth , i went looking for a dentist .
0	nothing is served on the side with main dishes ... .
1	great dentist and great office staff .
0	so i contacted this bakery for a wedding cake approximately _num_ months in advance .
1	coming to this branch is worse than going to the dentist .
0	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
1	no pain this is a good dentist my teeth look great .
0	the biggest downfall of duke 's , though , is the food .
1	however , i am not comfortable seeing this dentist anymore .
0	she was unprofessional and downright nasty .
1	she is an excellent dentist and someone i would recommend without reservation .
0	i ate _num_ bites and threw it away .
1	great pediatric dentist !
0	unsatisfied customer !
1	my daughter is extremely afraid of the dentist .
0	i ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker .
1	my favorite dentist and team i 've ever had .
0	horrible experience .
1	dentist was great too .
0	parking sucks .
1	we took him to another dentist to get the infection under control .
0	worst dry cleaners ever .
1	it is fraud and the dentist was terrible .
0	that 's not a lobster roll !
1	the dentist was great .
0	the one rabbit is ( per statement vet ) not going to get better .
1	if you 're looking for a new dentist , definitely give them a try !
0	ugh .
1	i would recommend this office to anyone looking for a new dentist .
0	_num_ .
1	this is such a wonderful dentist 's office .
0	you can wait for _num_ minutes at the wine bar . ''
1	i found my new dentist !
0	_num_ .
1	he is a wonderfully gifted dentist !
0	not because the food is bad but because i like to try new places .
1	dr. stout is an incredible dentist .
0	the sandwich left something to be desired .
1	the best and only dentist to go to !
0	they made it anyway and gave it to me .
1	time ( one hour ) while dentist took my appt .
0	my sister sent hers back because it was cold .
1	i trust the dentists here and i feel like they actually care about me .
0	thai corn soup jumbo crab ?
1	one of the best dentist offices around .
0	if this is their generic price for _num_ hour of labor it is ridiculous .
1	hard to believe - but he makes going to the dentist a pleasure !
0	they just wanted to work , i guess .
1	best dentist & staff !
0	this was probably the worst plain cake donut i 've ever had .
1	truly amazing man and awesome dentist !
0	very strange place .
1	dentists are fantastic .
0	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
1	best dentist in town , end of story .
0	why take down my room number if you were n't going to call me ?
1	one dentist i had was in a rush .
0	awful acoustics !
1	best dentist & staff ever !
0	they just do n't run a very professional operation .
1	i highly recommend this office to anyone looking for a dentist .
0	i do n't quite trust anybody else to help me properly .
1	best dentist ever .
0	plus i think i found a fry or two with the vegetables .
1	for anyone looking for a great dentist i highly recommend artistic dental .
0	apparently my empty glass was n't enough of a visual cue .
1	definitely recommend this office to anyone who is looking for a dentist .
0	she was appalling and rude .
1	i never had even a good experience at the dentist until now .
0	i could n't even finish it .
1	he could n't believe a dentist could be so ignorant .
0	this was my first time trying brown bag deli too .
1	all of the staff and the dentists are wonderful , caring and professional .
0	!
1	i really just love this place and recommend either dentist .
0	i was expecting something stellar , and i feel rather let down .
1	they are simply the best dentist office i have ever had .
0	worst chinese food i 've ever had .
1	if you are looking for a dentist , i highly recommend checking them out !
0	sadly , yelp failed me this time around .
1	so , now my son goes to my dentist .
0	i gave him my drink order and then he asked for our dinner order .
1	if you are looking for a new dentist , definitely come here .
0	took _num_ minutes to even be acknowledged .
1	i was referred to this guy by another dentist .
0	vietnamese beef noodles were bland and flavorless .
1	one of the best dentists i 've ever experienced !
0	completely unprofessional and ridiculous .
1	i can not afford to go to another dentist !
0	but going here is always such a nightmare .
1	everyone hates the dentist , except me .
0	they were busy , but our waitress was slightly cold and barely around .
1	would n't recommend this dentist to anyone .
0	i get there , look at their giant selection and get excited .
1	the best experience with a dentist , ever .
0	_num_ .
1	this is the absolutely worst dentist i have ever been to in my life .
0	way overpriced and service was n't great .
1	the dentist was seriously the biggest idiot i have ever talked to .
0	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
1	good staff , great dentist !
0	came here later in the evening on a weekday to an empty building .
1	i wo n't be back , and i would never recommend this dentist .
0	bad move buddy .
1	i like my dentists to care when you are in horrible pain .
0	my appetizer was cajun shrimp , which was way over seasoned .
1	the staff who answered the phone informed me the dentist was n't there .
0	never been before and went on a thursday night at 6pm before a show .
1	skip it and save yourself a possible trip to the dentist .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	best dentist in arizona !
0	i do n't see to many options in pittsburgh for sporting goods .
1	worst dentist office in town .
0	not crispy looking , not seasoned .
1	i 'm so happy to have a great dentist so close to home .
0	it was actually so bad that we asked to talk to the manager .
1	i have found my dentist for life !
0	_num_ were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered _num_ .
1	wonderful staff , excellent dentists and a beautiful facility .
0	this used to be my favorite place uptown .
1	i would highly recommend them to everyone asking for a new dentist .
0	my boyfriend and i decided to split the platter , which was horrible .
1	dentist was excellent .
0	if not , oops !
1	the dentist was rude .
0	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
1	looks like it 's time for me to find a new dentist .
0	i was rushed out and my polish was n't even hard yet .
1	he is an awesome dentist and the staff is outstanding !
0	i 've never been to one & was really excited .
1	any other day i 'd say val vista dental was your average dentist .
0	bar food none too exceptional .
1	i highly highly recommend them for any time you need a dentist !
0	this is an odd little cvs .
1	the new dentist could n't believe that !
0	alexander 's offers some of the worst italian food i 've ever had .
1	i would not recommend this dentist office to anyone !
0	yeah , that place is that old and that outdated .
1	would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great dentist .
0	completely bitter and disgusting !
1	going to this dentist was a horrible experience .
0	pretty obvious the waitress did n't know the table numbers .
1	best dentist we have ever had !
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	i had a great first experience with this dentist .
0	i 'm not a shady side hipster but an average person in workout gear .
1	one of the best experiences i 've had with a dentist !
0	they had _num_ hostess up front doing nothing and did n't even greet us .
1	so i was n't able to answer when the dentist called me .
0	the chicken was tasteless and rubbery .
1	this is the best dentist in the valley .
0	after about _num_ minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly .
1	i 've never ever went to a dentist in pain and got turned away .
0	one star for the ridiculous overcharge .
1	i highly recommend baker family dental , you 'll never fear the dentist again !
0	my room was not clean .
1	this dentist and his office manager have the worst customer service skills .
0	another employee tried to help me fix it and screwed that up too .
1	absolutely one of the finest dentists in the usa .
0	i ordered here after the many good reviews but was quite disappointed .
1	if i could give this dentist no stars i would .
0	_num_ .
1	the worst part is that the dentist .
0	as my boyfriend was talking with the cab company , a waitress walked by .
1	absolutely loved this dentist !
0	_num_ . )
1	i gladly went to another dentist and had to have two teeth removed .
0	there 's a reason it cost that , because it was n't very good .
1	last year this dentist and office staff was the best id have ever seen .
0	she had zero personality .
1	i will definitely be making him my new regular dentist !
0	was really excited to try this out .
1	amazing dentist !
0	this was a no go for me .
1	this review has nothing to do with the dentist but with the office manager .
0	i just did n't feel satisfied at the end of my meal .
1	dr. g. is an amazing dentist .
0	worst arby 's in the planet .
1	i would highly recommend this dentist !
0	the chicken was all dark meat and tasted aweful .
1	_num_ is a new year so i figured a new dentist to start fresh .
0	the wings were fine , but nothing special .
1	they tell me they will call back as the dentist is in surgery .
0	service was ok , birthday dessert was a bowl of whipped cream .
1	i will definitely stay with this dentist and am so happy i came here .
0	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
1	i went to a different dentist after my initial visit in _num_ .
0	oh how the mighty have fallen .
1	the dentist , dr amanda , was also very friendly and gentle .
0	what a joke of a company .
1	do not trust your dentist .
0	i tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment .
1	anyone looking for a dentist i always recommend them !
0	maybe it 's nostalgia for the cigar but i thought he looked ridiculous .
1	i had been going to another dentist for my cleanings .
0	it should n't have take an hour to do it anyway .
1	love everyone from dentists , to hygienists , to office staff .
0	this hotel is really dated , and the rooms smell funny .
1	but then to see the dentist i sat around for another _num_ mins .
