0	_num_ .
1	does n't even deserve one star in my book .
0	pathetic !
1	he does n't deserve our or your money .
0	no heavy lifting no reason for my nails to be breaking left and right .
1	unfortunately , this restaurant deserves the ratings that it had .
0	she said there was no time to order another dress .
1	spending over $ _num_ at an establishment deserves at least a little customer assistance .
0	however , i can order a salad with french fries on it .
1	she didnt deserve a tip but i gave her one .
0	it was kind of uncomfortable .
1	makes denny 's like like it deserves _num_ stars .
0	ok atmosphere drinks are overpriced for the area .
1	support local businesses , but make sure they are deserving of your money !
0	this should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction .
1	he did n't deserve more than _num_ % .
0	steak was over cooked and the plate was hot but not `` sizzling '' .
1	this place does n't deserve stars .
0	pitiful service .
1	there should be a no star option because that 's what they deserve .
0	the food here was greasy , uninspired and bland .
1	that is about _num_ cents more then was deserved .
0	he said the stir fry was so-so .
1	i 'm being generous - they do n't deserve the star .
0	the restaurant was n't even half full .
1	if i could give no stars this would be the place that deserves it .
0	mediocre food , horrible service , zero follow through .
1	this gun shop deserves a rating of lol .
0	and never refilled our empty water glasses .
1	they do n't even deserve one star !
0	yep , the food was cold .
1	this business does n't even deserve one star !
0	also , the toppings were not greatly blended , just rather sprinkled .
1	the management deserves _num_ !
0	this has only been my 2nd time at a red lobster ever .
1	they do n't deserve it !
0	completely ridiculous .
1	she does n't deserve it !
0	i could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself .
1	they do n't even deserve to get a star .
0	staff very rude .
1	i gave one star because i had to ... not because they deserved it .
0	tastes plain & over cooked .
1	the hotel deserve to be at the last hotel of the strip .
0	deserts were nothing less than stellar , and the service was awesome .
1	it so deserves less than minus !
0	it was totally different from all other og restaurants i 've visited .
1	after over _num_ years with this institution i believe we deserve more !
0	however , would n't say this is very authentic thai food .
1	ps the maintenance staff are fabulous and deserve _num_ stars !
0	it was horrible .
1	if you stay here you get what you deserve .
0	nothing special about this place .
1	one star is far more than they deserve .
0	that 's an automatic star in this dead city .
1	this place deserves zero stars .
0	but i do n't get it .
1	they do n't deserve my business or yours .
0	i have an awful experience .
1	however we are paying customers who deserve to be treated equally .
0	hot water , not much of it low water pressure as well .
1	the only reason this facility deserves one start is for dr aaron .
0	i can not recommend this company .
1	this place does n't deserve the business .
0	do n't be fooled !
1	however , they deserve one star because they do have one amazing thing there .
0	we also tried the hummus which was pretty good .
1	my one star rating is more then they deserve !
0	sorry storm , you need to improve this .
1	they do not deserve one star .
0	i was disappointed with the selection of food as well .
1	i rarely write bad reviews but these guys deserve it .
0	it costs $ _num_ for a manicure and $ _num_ for a pedicure .
1	sorry for the long review but this place deserves only one star .
0	not bad but i have better in the strip .
1	this place deserves no stars !
0	Negative
1	and you do n't even deserve that !
0	from horrible service to terrible seafood ... would never return .
1	i 've never written a review - this place deserves it .
0	i asked if she had pbr , and she replied she did n't know .
1	they do n't even deserve that _num_ star .
0	i asked if it was out for delivery and she could n't tell me .
1	you deserve better , so do n't bother trying this one out .
0	no `` i 'm sorry . ''
1	just do n't come here , they do n't deserve you .
0	poor customer service .
1	i 'm not sure if they even deserve one star !
0	the prime rib , ordered rare , was medium , dry and extremely salty .
1	you do not deserve this job and should be fired .
0	i am definitely disappointed .
1	it does n't make me feel the pampering that i deserve .
0	the sweet and sour chicken was disgusting .
1	they deserve no stars .
0	we would be paying several hundred dollars to get the doors installed .
1	how the hell did he deserve that !
0	my dad and i walked in around _num_ pm on a friday night .
1	you guys do n't deserve to have my business .
0	do n't miss the _num_ pound tub of msg as you walk in .
1	they really deserved less considering they neglected the hell out of us .
0	additionally , the experience at the salon left much to be desired .
1	this company does n't deserve even zero star .
0	_num_ . )
1	they do n't even deserve _num_ star !
0	linda did not call .
1	this management company does not deserve your hard earned money .
0	waiter was not thrilled to be at work on a wednesday at 5pm .
1	take your business somewhere else this restaurant does n't deserve it !
0	under no circumstances would i eat here again .
1	this company deserves no rating as far as i 'm concerned .
0	my _num_ star is as misleading as their drink menu .
1	this company does not even deserve _num_ star .
0	the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful .
1	she just did n't deserve anything .
0	needless to say i was extremely disappointed .
1	they deserve a zero !
0	the bartender gave my sandwich by mistake to another customer .
1	sorry but you guys deserve a _num_ .
0	ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired .
1	but at this point the customer service does not even deserve one star !
0	i also like the white cheddar mash potatoes .
1	you guys do n't even deserve a star .
0	you 'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it .
1	this place does n't even deserve a star .
0	i thought it was odd how many empty tables were in the bar area .
1	and i 'm sure this lady thinks she deserves $ _num_ an hour .
0	it 's not that delish .
1	i do n't usually write bad reviews but place this deserves zero stars .
0	makes you wonder just how safe the kitchen is .
1	they deserve zero stars .
0	throughout the entire order , we got nothing but attitude .
1	if they pay a service to clean them , somebody deserves a refund .
0	i will not visit this restaurant again .
1	no one deserves to be treated like how this walmart treats you !
0	eventually , i found bland tomatoes and shredded iceberg lettuce hidden far below .
1	you deserve more respect and money .
0	however , each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller .
1	this restaurant does not even deserve _num_ star !
0	as for me , i do n't think i 'll be back .
1	no star deserved but have to put _num_ to post .
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	the customers deserve much better especially when you pay over $ _num_ a dish .
0	( seriously , i feel sorry for someone truly fat going in there ) .
1	this business does not deserve to be open .
0	asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one .
1	they deserve to go out of business !
0	the customer service here is horrible .
1	i do n't think paying customers deserve this treatment .
0	he was told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppies and pepsi .
1	they did n't even deserve a one star .
0	the owner is the one who took my appointment .
1	they do n't even deserve the _num_ star that i just gave them .
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	this does n't even deserve a _num_ star rating .
0	finally - a halfway decent tv setup , pittsburgh !
1	they deserve zero star ... .
0	i do n't think i 'm being harsh .
1	based on their food alone , they deserve _num_ stars .
0	plus the bread was poor quality .
1	do n't deserve a star at all .
0	so i went through the whole thing for nothing .
1	should i really tell him how much he deserved ?
0	the shrimp were perfectly cooked , though , and i was thankful for that .
1	they do n't even deserve a star .
0	no sauce much and cheap cheese .
1	if their service deserved it , i would n't mind .
0	but one is supposed to come here for steak .
1	they dont even deserve _num_ star .
0	glad this is all over .
1	i do n't even think this place deserves _num_ star .
0	no thanks .
1	she does n't deserve it .
0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	this place does not even deserve one star .
0	ugly .
1	that deserves the one star i am forced to put on here .
0	( no where on the contract does it state that ! )
1	this law firm does not deserve even the single star i have provided !
0	the burger is dry and lacks flavor .
1	two stars because their clerks were super nice but the food deserves zero stars .
0	this place is horrible .
1	this guy is ridiculous and does not deserve anybody 's money .
0	take the extra _num_ minutes to drive to the south hills location .
1	what kids do n't deserve a decent meal ?
0	super disappointed in this place .
1	painted with oil does not deserve any stars for what happened here .
0	it more than less ruined our dining experience .
1	the bread was hard like croutons & deserves a refund .
0	there 's nothing to see here .
1	you deserve to be treated better .
0	had the gyro and added feta .
1	also did n't deserve advice on where else to go .
0	waitress was ok in attitude .
1	this does not even deserve a star .
0	the service was not that professional !
1	overall the food , service , and atmosphere deserve _num_ star .
0	they still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card .
1	this mcdonald 's does n't even deserve 1/2 star .
0	it seemed like every single employee was around _num_ years old .
1	they fired their manager ( deserved ) , but apparently have no plan .
0	they do n't care about anyone .
1	she deserves to be fire for service like that .
0	the steak was ice cold .
1	also , i think the place deserves a little clean up .
0	the waitress the first time i went was a little short , not personable .
1	does n't even deserve one star !
0	the chicken was slimy and not many pieces at that .
1	i do n't expect perfection but my dogs deserve better than this .
0	first , there are n't many tables .
1	do i deserve this ?
0	they used real garlic and it was served with it - minced .
1	this place does not even deserve a star .
0	yep , that description of their `` chorizo '' comes directly off their menu .
1	this place does n't even deserve a start .
0	i ordered the chicken parm pasta and got it to go to my room .
1	it 's crap , does n't even deserve one star .
0	a very frustrating moment indeed .
1	she deserves to be hired at a fine dinning restaurant .
0	i do n't know how people keep coming here .
1	because they deserved it today .
0	the place was empty when we got there and when we left .
1	they do n't deserve _num_ star !
0	the front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer .
1	over priced , it deserves to be on kitchen nightmares .
0	hmm a bit misleading .
1	however , i do n't think it deserved the rave reviews .
0	maybe i 'm just not the kind of person that likes whole foods .
1	they do n't even deserve one star .
0	the service was horrible and their coffee did n't taste great .
1	however , i feel like this place deserves one .
0	i only give it _num_ stars because of the wait staff !
1	top lv dive bar is not deserved .
0	i really do n't get giant eagle .
1	yelp makes me give it a star , which it does n't deserve .
0	i dunno .
1	i never told them about the cockroach because they did n't deserve to know .
0	and the service just was disappointing , all for take out .
1	it 's unfortunate she has to work for this store because she deserves better !
0	upon arrival , the place is nearly empty .
1	no wonder they deserved the *** now !
0	soda is watered down and gross .
1	yes , i do believe every restaurant deserves a second chance .
0	ok , so they were n't bad , but the fish was dry .
1	do i not deserve to be sold a refrigerator or what ?
0	i will give them hell . ''
1	employees deserve a place to sit as well as patrons .
0	unfortunately zero stars is not an option .
1	this place does n't deserve one star !
0	disgusting .
1	the owner of this store deserves no stars !
0	the store itself seemed really outdated and stinky .
1	yes is cheaper , but you deserve better .
0	parking at this particular store is a nightmare .
1	you deserve better than what you might get here .
0	if i wanted them in _num_ days i would have paid $ _num_ less !
1	however this location does not deserve your business .
0	then we had _num_ different kind of pho for our main entree .
1	but i honestly do n't think this place deserves more than _num_ stars !
0	the salon is so dirty we left before i let them cut me hair .
1	does n't even deserve the one star in all honesty .
0	we probably wo n't be back any time soon .
1	not deserving of the rave reviews .
0	assuming this was due to the discount , i did n't complain .
1	i think our neighborhood deserves a nicer supermarket with friendly and professional employees .
0	my expectations for mcdonalds are t rarely high .
1	i hate giving money to people who do n't deserve it .
0	penne was mediocre at best .
1	this place needs a real renovation to deserve those room charges .
0	_num_ were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered _num_ .
1	they do n't even deserve _num_ star .
0	_num_ .
1	this place deserves no stars .
0	worst experience of my life .
1	they deserve 4/5 or 5/5 stars .
0	i purchase those passing pittsburgh , not really possible asking for refund .
1	_num_ star is more than this place deserves .
0	[ the not so bad . ]
1	they do n't appreciate it and they do n't deserve it .
0	so disappointed with this place !
1	the kids deserve so much better .
0	the clam chowder was just ok .
1	no one deserves to be treated that way .
0	this used to be my favorite steak house in charlotte .
1	this does n't even deserve any further discussion .
0	you pay fees , they make laundry and garbage more and more inconvenient .
1	for _num_ , i did tip even when she did n't deserve _num_ penny .
0	worst customer service at this place .
1	it deserves no stars !
0	garbage !
1	doesnt even deserve one star .
0	food was excellent but we hated the ambiance !
1	i did n't deserve service like this .
0	a pulled pork appetizer was passable , nowhere near the dish it replaced .
1	i do n't deserve this and will have groupon offer me something .
0	i made reservations for _num_ pm on a friday .
1	however , i believe that this dining experience deserved to be shared .
0	not the best dinner they have eaten .
1	he does n't deserve it .
0	i really hate this place .
1	no one there deserves my money and $ _num_ tip .
0	huge mistake .
1	they really deserve a _num_ so i rounded down .
0	they are too pricy as well .
1	after further consideration , this store does not deserve a _num_ star review .
0	she just seemed ... off ... or high .
1	the service department does not deserve even one star !
0	however , the crepes are extremely over price .
1	this walgreens literally deserves zero stars .
0	after waiting way too long to even be acknowledged , my order was taken .
1	does not deserve another chance .
0	unbelievable .
1	am i not deserve for a damn ramen ?
0	down the street is a better option - wish they were open for lunch .
1	it does n't even deserve a single star .
0	i should not be responsible for the bill .
1	we get that but we deserve to be treated properly .
0	not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff .
1	do i think that we deserved as much attention as anyone else there tonight ?
0	the thick white bread was dry and boring ; too crusty .
1	he does n't even deserve _num_ star .
0	it had no signs of being coated and sauted to a rich golden brown .
1	they do n't even deserve a _num_ star !
0	even though i was only there one time , first impressions are a bitch !
1	this place does n't even deserve one star .
0	what happened ?
1	zero stars are what this company deserves .
0	there is nothing chinese about the food !
1	this man ( the owner ) does n't even deserve to be in business .
0	this place does decent thai food , but is nothing special .
1	they deserve one star !
0	the shrimp were dry and overcooked .
1	sorry i 've never gave a review like this but they deserve it .
0	the equipment would often break down and never get fixed .
1	sorry , but she deserves to be fired .
0	was n't the best either .
1	it does n't mean we deserve any less customer service .
0	service good prices cheap but food very bland and pre made .
1	they do n't even deserve a star !
0	at least the place was quiet -- there were empty tables everywhere .
1	they do n't deserve your money .
0	that was n't to be .
1	they do n't even deserve a single star .
0	could n't you have just lied to me and told me you were out ?
1	they do n't deserve your hard earned money .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	sorry for the _num_ stars but that 's all sprint deserves anymore .
0	horrible .
1	but , yelp felt the need that all business deserve pity stars .
0	would not visit again .
1	this dq does not even deserve _num_ star .
0	we had to send the potatoes back because they were cold .
1	everyone deserves health care , but this is a dingy , overworked place .
0	decor leaves much to be desired .
1	they really deserve no stars .
0	literally disgusting .
1	i think they probably deserve better .
0	i 'd stay away from this garden like the plague , though .
1	our first visit deserved a _num_ but this visit was a _num_ .
0	but let me tell you , i was highly disappointed .
1	they do n't deserve my business .
0	the salads came out and the plates were a little sloppy in appearance .
1	maybe they deserve _num_ stars .
0	it 's just bad .
1	he deserves to be fired .
0	a restaurant like just should be nowhere near your top _num_ .
1	no other reason this facility will deserve anything less than _num_ stars .
0	they were pretty terrible .
1	which was n't deserved at all .
0	very poor management .
1	with an office staff like that they deserve to be put out of business .
0	needless to say we left , and we will not be going back .
1	i do n't think this place deserves four stars .
0	unfortunately , there are only two reviews .
1	the waitress was awesome and deserves to work at a better establishment .
0	i ate _num_ bites and threw it away .
1	stay away and give your hard earned money to a business that deserves it .
0	his broccoli was rock hard - like wood !
1	it 's a one star rating by default , deserving of no stars .
0	additionally , they did not smell so well .
1	this place does not even deserve a one star !
0	there was no aroma from garlic or onion .
1	there service is probably deserves a _num_ % , it 's that bad .
0	_num_ ) the fried chicken was n't really fried .
1	this place does n't even deserve _num_ star .
0	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
1	petsmart no longer deserves to have customers with their new attitude .
0	brick oven pizza cold ... .
1	it deserves zero stars .
0	the place is not even kept up anymore .
1	this place deserves an award for the most consistently awful service .
0	i wan na love bar louie , i do .
1	this place does n't deserve even _num_ star .
0	it is my pet peeve .
1	what in hell did we do to deserve this ?
0	the biggest downfall of duke 's , though , is the food .
1	i can afford ( and deserve ) better haircuts from experienced professionals now .
0	the walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass .
1	flemings you deserve and have better servers .
0	my aunt picked up lunch , and left the tip .
1	but this place deserves the _num_ stars .
