0	also did n't seem very nice .
1	for dessert you must try the `` jackie o '' ... so good .
0	but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
1	the vanilla bean torte for dessert was the only decent thing we ate .
0	a breakfast sandwich had weird burnt meat on it .
1	so we all walked to the dessert case .
0	wonton soup and a mediocre fortune earns this one ( _num_ ) golden star .
1	he brought the regular menu that had no desserts on it .
0	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
1	dessert was mediocre .
0	this place is trashy .
1	their fries and desserts are good .
0	the lady who works their , is super rude and never smiles .
1	the honey toast dessert is no big deal either .
0	way overpriced for just ok food .
1	never offered to fix me something else but did offer dessert ... .
0	grilled octopus : where 's the octopus ?
1	my husband and i still looked forward to the bread pudding for dessert .
0	ca n't comment on any other time but this really hectic one .
1	my chocolate cake dessert was okay - but not $ _num_ worth of okay .
0	this place is just a flat out joke .
1	desserts were nothing worth writing about .
0	if it would have been me alone , i would have walked out .
1	we ate our desserts and were still waiting for our food !
0	not sure we would return anytime soon .
1	but they do have a selection of asian desserts cakes and cookies etc .
0	one word ; gross .
1	the desserts were old looking as well .
0	needless to say i walked away .
1	desserts are all amazing too ( i recommend the peanut butter mousse ) .
0	the outside was filthy with trash all over .
1	our entrees , dessert and coffee all came out at different times .
0	the pizza bagels were soggy yet burned .
1	i love dessert and i did n't even want to order it .
0	so the air in tire was wasted time .
1	long story short , we passed on dessert .
0	i have no idea why it ever left the kitchen .
1	i stopped by another time for their famous desserts and was again somewhat disappointed .
0	thanks for the disappointment to me and my son !
1	i wo n't bother with desserts of fancy drinks next time .
0	there are better chinese places on pittsburgh - this place should be shut down !
1	the dessert could n't even save it .
0	after standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check .
1	to say that the dessert selection was uninspired is a severe understatement .
0	so , we again waited & never did see a server .
1	needless to say , we skipped dessert .
0	certainly , this was not worth the $ _num_ price .
1	even the desserts , carrot cake , one of my favs was totally dry .
0	however , i think i would try somewhere else to dine .
1	for dessert , we ordered the cheesecake to split .
0	i was hard put to give _num_ % tip to be honest .
1	they cost $ _num_ for that tiny dessert .
0	too bad after all these prior good reviews .
1	they always seem to have a nice selection of soups salads and desserts .
0	the door i was at had signage ( open hours ) .
1	great desserts .
0	ummm no ?
1	aside from that , the desserts were good .
0	it 's a hit and miss .
1	the desserts were terrible .
0	we just received the worst service ever i will never come back .
1	desserts are the generic cakes .
0	this showmars used to be awesome .
1	we shared some chocolate dessert , which was good .
0	she was super excited and counting down the days until arrival .
1	_num_ desserts for _num_ people ?
0	one star because zero was n't an option .
1	also , my two stars for this place is solely because of the desserts .
0	there are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money .
1	also out of our favorite dessert !
0	extremely slow service !
1	furthermore , the dessert of tiramisu was amazing .
0	do not get your alterations done at this location !
1	dessert did not even make up for any of the blah entrees .
0	* no shopping carts .
1	when we got our desserts , we both were very disappointed .
0	it was generous for the `` _num_ scoop '' order .
1	with that said , the desserts we had were pretty tasty .
0	wanting faster internet i signed up .
1	since i really had n't eaten that much , i had room for dessert .
0	i stopped in on a whim alone and sat at the counter .
1	after we placed our order , the dessert came out around _num_ minutes later .
0	his poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday .
1	after we were done the waiter offered us dessert .
0	where i am at , really there is no delivery but these guys did .
1	honey toast dessert is totally overrated .
0	i hate this place .
1	i do n't recommend unless you 're starting with appetizers and ending with dessert .
0	nothing more , and nothing less .
1	but now to the dessert ... talk about disappointment !
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	_num_ guests , catered lunch , no desserts .
0	it 's a shame b/c better service would have made the experience decent .
1	for dessert , which were all polished off .
0	i was not impressed at all .
1	after we finished our entre , we were surprised that dessert was still included .
0	i ordered two orders of soup hot and sour and egg drop .
1	creme brulee dessert was not better than the keg .
0	she brought our soups , which luckily had spoons in the huge bowls .
1	and so many of the desserts completely lacked flavour .
0	fish was not fresh .
1	a very pleasing experience from soup through dessert .
0	however , i ca n't let this slide : your claw machine is bullshit .
1	the chocolate tart was the best dessert on the prix fixe menu .
0	when we finally got the pizza , it was not hot .
1	all three of us got the cheese cake for dessert .
0	_num_ . )
1	you know , we should have taken the kids to mcdonalds for dessert .
0	honestly , it 's probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	we hit the drive-thru for dessert tonight and i was very disappointed .
0	do n't get married here .
1	after two in half hours we got free dessert that was n't bad .
0	i can not speak for others .
1	their desserts are all delicious .
0	my caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland .
1	excellent desserts .
0	what could have been a very positive experience was absolutely ruined by this man .
1	but , it really was more of a dessert than a side dish .
0	never going back , letting our bank handle this one .
1	and pass on dessert and salad course unless you like a ton of dressing .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	the deal also comes with either a small app or a dessert to share .
0	do n't expect great performances here , expect a talked up mediocre performance .
1	the desserts came out , they were ok .
0	ridiculous .
1	for dessert , i had the brownie .
0	this is a very small irish pub .
1	but you ca n't mess up _num_ layer chocolate cake for dessert , right ?
0	they also lose things , more than once .
1	the dessert we ordered was a ricotta cheesecake , the menu read with cherries .
0	literally the worst experience ever .
1	dessert was vanilla gelato .
0	a completely clueless one , that 's what kind .
1	no dessert , as we were pretty disgusted with the whole experience .
0	_num_ hours to find the cold remedy i wanted .
1	the manager came to apologize , offered us a free dessert .
0	dairy queen only serves two flavors of ice cream so this is fairly unacceptable .
1	that said , i must admit that the fried banana dessert was delicious !
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	a couple minutes later a guy comes by with our desserts .
0	that 's _num_ minutes to be next .
1	dessert is where everything goes downhill .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	the desserts were just eh .
0	you can usually count on them for cheap and fast food .
1	if i could give signature desserts _num_ stars , i would .
0	but i really do n't think there 's much you can mess up .
1	did n't even go for dessert .
0	i really do n't know what the hype is about .
1	brownies should n't be the only dessert option on a saturday afternoon also .
0	service was slow , but there was only one waitress in the restaurant .
1	the dessert actually was very good , but too little too late .
0	the women at the front of the line had been waiting ten minutes .
1	service was ok , birthday dessert was a bowl of whipped cream .
0	the lobster bisque was bland and cold .
1	and sold out of _num_ of the _num_ desserts we were offered ?
0	this place has none of them .
1	also , the desserts are mandatory !
0	do n't think the floor has ever been washed .
1	the desserts are not that special either .
0	it is not daily normal , ordinary dirt .
1	desserts where completely underwhelming and generic in options and taste .
0	meh , i 've experienced better is an understatement .
1	i 'm used to thai tea that 's almost like a dessert .
0	never a dull moment .
1	the bread pudding dessert was okay .
0	i could n't taste salt or pepper or garlic or even feel any heat .
1	cookie on the dessert was hard and cold .
0	i should know , i 've dealt with at least a dozen .
1	their desserts are just stupid large .
0	i will not be going back .
1	we then got bread pudding and flan for dessert .
0	the room doors are all spring loaded to they slam shut .
1	for dessert i had the apple pie cheesecake .
0	goodbye lowes ... hello home depot !
1	the desserts did n't make up for it , either .
0	it does n't make sense .
1	a competent server would n't have even left the kitchen with the dessert .
0	why did n't i have to show some email to get the free treatment ?
1	really , the only thing remotely tasty was the dessert .
0	frozen , greasy , tasteless , heavy on bland batter and light on fish .
1	we did n't even get dessert .
0	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
1	to their credit they were apologetic and even threw in _num_ free desserts .
0	i am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there .
1	the fried doughnut with icecream and fruits dessert was delish !
0	what a disappointment .
1	slow service from start to finish unfortunately and mediocre food other than the desserts .
0	it was a place where everybody knew my name .
1	we did have dessert though , off a huge machine looking cart .
0	i have mixed feelings about rock bottom .
1	for dessert , i ordered the chocolate mousse and my husband ordered the cheesecake .
0	two stars because i really like the drinks here .
1	no apologies , no offer to comp a side or a dessert .
0	service is horrible .
1	we had to get our desserts to go and left a _num_ % tip !
0	the fish was tough and the other dish was simply inedible .
1	you charge ridiculous prices on your desserts that are made just not right .
0	however , i recently missed an appointment .
1	the waiter then offered us dessert to make up for the problems .
0	store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair .
1	and when the dessert came it was ice cold and solid as a rock .
0	she reluctantly gave me the owners name .
1	the gm came over and was n't too accommodating , offering a free dessert .
0	that 's right , my burrito had no flavor .
1	when we arrived at ichiza for dessert , i threw up in the bathroom .
0	i had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce .
1	dessert we split a slice of german chocolate cake .
0	was trying to find a rating lower than _num_ star but could n't .
1	needless to say we skipped dessert ... .
0	nevertheless , i will not go there , again .
1	the only thing good about this visit here was the dessert and the hostess !
0	my brother was uncomfortable and embarrassed and just kept staring down .
1	desserts were lackluster .
0	no more smoking allowed .
1	the only choices for dessert were sorbet or creme brulee .
0	in my opinion , sing sing is really not worth it .
1	desserts were pretty good , the favorite was the cannelloni .
0	i do n't normally feel compelled to complain but that is ridiculous .
1	and the dessert was just not up to par .
0	not very tasty .
1	and , the dessert was gone at 10pm .
0	i do n't have time for this , i 'm very busy '' .
1	there was very little fruit , and the dessert was greatly lacking .
0	probably should have gotten a salad .
1	the desserts we picked were not very good .
0	as for the food and drink , it was just fine .
1	would have skipped the underwhelming dessert had i know it was coming .
0	here is where my mistake happened .
1	def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else .
0	i did n't touch anyone .
1	the table next to us was getting their food ( dessert ) before us .
0	i did n't get a chance to try any food and i never will .
1	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
0	the worst part of the night ?
1	for dessert , we ordered the banana maki .
0	most of the staff were borderline rude or down right rude .
1	the dessert , like cakes , was just too sweet and heavy ... .
0	ate here on a saturday night for a friend 's birthday .
1	excellent martinis , nice atmosphere and the desserts are delicious .
0	it was just okay as a whole .
1	the dessert menu seriously lacks .
0	otherwise , probably not .
1	i was very pleased with the dessert as the chocolate cake was very good .
0	no less than _num_ minutes .
1	but we only like the drinks and desserts .
0	this store sucks beyond belief !
1	the dessert , however was delicious .
0	i should know , i 've dealt with at least a dozen .
1	i usually order dessert but i just could n't .
0	well i went there on january _num_ to return my mattress .
1	ordered a brownie for dessert that was blah with chocolate sauce that was cold .
0	not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job .
1	would n't recommend eating dinner here but the desserts did look splendid .
0	then i tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	waiter brought by dessert menus .
0	i ordered smoked pork chops , home fries and green beans .
1	then came the dreadful dessert .
0	their foods are not that tasteful .
1	manager was n't much help , offer a free beer or dessert will ya ?
0	the food was bland at best .
1	it took about a half hour just to get our desserts to-go .
0	not that the food was bad it just was n't good !
1	everyone said the desserts were ok , but nothing great .
0	went with _num_ others for a weeknight dinner .
1	had dessert too coconut custard with rice .
0	this pizza is not good .
1	the dessert was fine but nothing to write home about .
0	they did n't even reschedule my appointment with another stylist when she did .
1	desserts or something to make up for the delay .
0	from everyone , including bartenders , which is strange to say the least .
1	never checked on , offered additional drinks or dessert .
0	i 'm thinking we 've struck out .
1	beet salad good , desserts were tasty .
0	the building is old and dirty .
1	great desserts , pastries , and cookies .
0	we were greeted very warmly by one of the ice cream technicians .
1	it took _num_ minutes for the dessert to come out .
0	linda b august _num_ will never stay again !
1	it 's now 8:30 and still not even close to dessert .
0	we got the curry chicken , beef with broccoli , and crab rangoons .
1	no refill on drink until after dessert .
0	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
1	even the ice cream for dessert lacks luster .
0	the dining room breakfast was served in was tacky and the coffee awful .
1	not bad ... but i 'm not a fan of dessert flavored iceberg lettuce .
0	i was very disappointed .
1	after dinner , _num_ min wait for a dessert with _num_ tables occupied !
0	_num_ minutes later my date had finished his meal and my fries were gone .
1	the desserts were decent , though not overwhelmingly good .
0	the walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass .
1	we came here for dessert and drink after dinner and we were pleasantly surprised .
0	how sad is this so not happy .
1	tuesday night sweet tooth went unsatisfied as we started to order some frozen desserts .
0	we will not be back .
1	and the third came out _num_ minutes before its dessert pairing .
0	i might return for drinks but only drinks .
1	a complimentary dessert was brought out towards the end for the guest of honor .
0	the bathroom was gross .
1	when dessert was offered , we politely declined .
0	we just turned around and walked out at that point .
1	terrible service and overrated ramen and dessert .
0	it took _num_ minutes for our waitress to even come to our table !
1	the dessert selection was also less and portions appeared to be cut smaller .
0	pretty rough , but not completely unbearable .
1	i had dessert , which was _num_ flavors of gelato .
0	avoid this place at all costs !
1	anyway , they bring out our desserts first !
0	i 'm definitely not coming back .
1	even the presentation of your dessert is outstanding !
0	_num_ .
1	fantastic desserts and complimentary homemade fudge was offered at the end of our meal .
0	food is very overpriced though .
1	i was not at all impressed by the food or the dessert .
0	it was around 2:30 and empty .
1	the food is equally terrible , but they probably know that dessert is food .
0	we were a party of _num_ adults and _num_ kid .
1	dessert was very good .
0	my overall point is just be careful working with them .
1	dessert was only good looking but tasted so-so .
0	ugh .
1	the brownie dessert was a major fail , the brownie was too hard .
0	we went here with family to have lunch , the service was ok .
1	i wish they would serve that as dessert !
0	we also tried the hummus which was pretty good .
1	he ends his buffet with a big sampling of desserts .
0	this place sucks big time as far as cleanliness and order .
1	i also like the small dessert bar they set up .
0	if you do n't have the time just go next door to the subway .
1	the bakery has crappy desserts and fudge .
0	they do not cook directly on the brick though , they use pizza screens .
1	for the price they charge , dessert should be included !
0	i said no thanks .
1	it is just not that good of a dairy dessert .
0	the fried rice did n't have any vegetable in it and was so bland .
1	we skipped desserts , no one wanted to try any .
0	it 's not even summer yet .
1	especially the banana crme and coconut crme pies we tried for dessert .
0	not the drivers fault .
1	we ordered dessert , but our brownie sundae had no brownies .
0	wifi is spotty .
1	lincoln bakery makes very delicious donuts , pastries , and desserts .
0	takeout is gross .
1	the desserts are fabulous !
0	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
1	the only thing i really liked about the food was the dessert .
0	i dunno .
1	the desserts sucked as well .
0	the place is just older and needs some renovations .
1	the soft serve dessert was too icy .
0	me : `` please may i just have my beer ? ''
1	desserts at $ _num_ was terrible .
0	nothing positive to say other than do n't go there .
1	tonight we drove out of our way to go enjoy a last minute dessert .
0	the broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked .
1	the complementary breakfast , snacks , and desserts are hit or miss .
0	the selection was not unique , though there were plenty of dresses .
1	even for dessert that takes _num_ minutes ?
0	my biggest complaint though is the housekeeping staff .
1	dessert was a complete let down for me .
0	almost every time i have been let down .
1	they also ran out of different desserts too .
0	dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature .
1	we did n't even bother with desserts .
0	she seemed tired , and overworked .
1	buffet was crap ( desserts were good ) .
0	this apple is too green to eat much less pay for .
1	for dessert , we shared the chocolate cake , which was incredibly rich .
0	the sandwiches are n't bad , they just are n't great .
1	everything was overpriced ; drinks , entrees , and dessert .
0	they do n't take debit or credit cards .
1	they stock lovely asian veggies , sauces , meats , and desserts .
0	i get the same meal constantly and pay different prices everytime .
1	we always like to come out here to have our favorite appetizer and dessert .
0	my house made chips were good & cole slaw had very little flavor .
1	the cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert .
0	how disgusting .
1	from apps to dinner to dessert everything was top notch !
0	that 's not a lobster roll !
1	another guy desserts and ringing you up .
0	avoid eating or drinking anything here .
1	a $ _num_ dessert does not make things right .
0	but there 's nothing special about this place .
1	we skipped dessert and took my leftover pasta home .
0	my boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle .
1	my coworkers opted for the complimentary dessert which was peach cobbler .
0	wrong .
1	great fresh food , friendly service , and desserts to go .
0	but they sure sold it to me .
1	for dessert , we shared a peanut butter pie with chocolate sauce .
0	these guys are definitely lazy !
1	for tea , late-night hunger cravings , dinner , lunch , dessert .
0	highly disappointed !
1	i love a good sugar coated dessert .
0	i 've been there _num_ times and each time the food was pretty gross .
1	an appetizer dish should not be brought out after dessert .
0	fake italian at its finest .
1	dessert came , was ate and still no box .
0	not all the prices are on the website , which makes for difficult planning .
1	the desserts looked amazing .
