0	customer service is poor .
1	this has been the worst experience i have had from any doctor 's office .
0	terrible customer service will never book with them again .
1	this place is garbage and their doctors are garbage too .
0	_num_ .
1	doctors are incompetent and dangerous to treat - animals !
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	protect yourself , find a better doctor than the ones at this practice .
0	no offer to refill drinks or for water .
1	my doctor gave me this for a reason !
0	if i wanted them in _num_ days i would have paid $ _num_ less !
1	there are far more doctors with the same level of experiences .
0	thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table .
1	should n't the doctor have done that ?
0	oily , greasy and bad taste .
1	the doctors here may or may not be great .
0	very rude staff .
1	worst doctor 's office ever !
0	why anyone would willing go here to eat is beyond me .
1	there is a _num_ percent chance you will not see a doctor .
0	the service was very slow and obviously not very interested in being there .
1	this is not a legit doctor who can diagnose you !
0	why every time i come in here , it 's really hot ?
1	the doctors are way too busy to provide any real patient care .
0	i was not going to pay for the dressing on the side .
1	so i said i need another doctor then .
0	i said he was being rude to my mother , a paying customer .
1	they have been my doctors office for _num_ years .
0	i 'm really torn by this review .
1	i sat there for almost _num_ minutes waiting to be seen by the doctor .
0	plus i did n't feel great !
1	i thought i found the nice and close place to see doctor .
0	my total bill does n't reflect the price of the dishes i ordered .
1	the staff is unorganized and it is incredibly difficult to reach a doctor .
0	the food is forgettable and the menu sparse .
1	doctor 's bedside manner was n't enough to make up for rude staff .
0	lo and behold at _num_ minutes it comes out .
1	would not recommend `` doctor my eyes . ''
0	so incredibly frustrating !
1	bad doctors , bad pt staff .
0	_num_ .
1	the visits before the one with the doctor were just okay .
0	it does n't change much .
1	the worst doctor 's experience my boyfriend has ever had .
0	i 'd hate to be there when they are `` busy '' .
1	every time i show up to my doctors appt .
0	we wasted $ _num_ on spoiled food .
1	worst doctor ever !
0	we ended up with our glasses 3/4 full and a watered down juice cocktail .
1	i 've never walked out or told a doctor that before .
0	wo n't be back .
1	do n't go if you 're looking for a real doctor !
0	it was like getting a shitty breakfast in a local sub dive bar .
1	my daughter does n't like the doctor .
0	very cheap over breaded and not fresh at all .
1	i then tell them it is not a male doctor it 's a female .
0	when the tech returned with my dog she did n't say a word .
1	we gave a written notice to the leasing manager and a doctors letter .
0	so i did n't pay for the white .
1	with that a doctor came in and was very rude .
0	i really want to like this place .
1	he did not even refer me out to another doctor for help .
0	service was great but it sure was n't morton 's quality ?
1	this is n't the doctors office it 's tires .
0	the cheese ruined this pie .
1	dont come here , you have a better chance waiting for your doctor .
0	then customer service wouldnt help me .
1	i used to like this doctor , but now i do n't .
0	i just passed six tables empty and clean .
1	never before have i encountered such unprofessional service at a doctor 's office .
0	first time in pittsburgh , from chicago .
1	why would a er doctor lie to us ?
0	even adding salt and pepper did not help it .
1	it 's because the doctor was n't comfortable with my size obviously .
0	ugh .
1	no wonder doctors make so much money .
0	no apologies when we were finally taken care of .
1	from the doctor who you can clearly tell is not taking you seriously .
0	long story short : i ordered delivery .
1	the doctor is fine but all of the supporting staff is totally substandard !
0	while that was decent , it was n't exciting either .
1	the doctor pushed pills .
0	some rude nasty woman answers the phone !
1	zero stars for the `` doctor '' but one for the nice office .
0	_num_ stars ?
1	awful experience with this doctor 's office every single time .
0	ok , no big deal .
1	the doctor said it was nothing .
0	then the stack was topped with whipped cream .
1	the baby starts coming out : doctors runs in my room .
0	kind of disappointed but it was five dollars for the shrimp basket i got .
1	pay the extra money and go to a real doctor .
0	take it from me ; avoid this place at all cost .
1	she is the worst doctor that we have ever encountered .
0	our chicken was flavorless and rubbery .
1	low and behold the doctor took one look and confirmed my own diagnosis .
0	model cleaners failed to deliver _num_ shirts and _num_ suits in june .
1	worst doctor ever .
0	it was really , really , not good .
1	the doctors & nurses are wonderful but out biggest complaint is the scheduling .
0	i signed all paper work and returned the keys .
1	went in on a monday , and the doctor wrote me a prescription .
0	the pizza was really really greasy .
1	worst experience with eye doctors .
0	the veggies were overly salty table round .
1	report and whole process of report questioned by a doctor .
0	we 'll feed these to our dogs when we get home .
1	then , i 'm notified that my doctor is running _num_ minutes late .
0	the phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door .
1	if you are looking for a pain doctor , i would look somewhere else .
0	i wo n't come back this unpleasant and pricy restaurant never again .
1	do n't even step in the door it 's a horribly ran doctors office .
0	the owner is very pretentious and rude .
1	i 've tried to reach my doctor or her medical assistant for two days .
0	i have been there _num_ times .
1	horrible doctor !
0	what a terrible manager !
1	uh because my doctor told me i needed to come in ?
0	i was totally underwhelmed .
1	the doctor ( dr. york ) was such an asshole .
0	worst customer service ever !
1	please do not go to see this doctor .
0	cold food !
1	terrible representation of a good company and doctor by the staff .
0	the last _num_ hoagies i 've gotten here is again only mediocre .
1	everyone has been back to see the doctor but i am still here .
0	the food itself was not too bad .
1	i called the doctor and it was a complete disaster !
0	the manager did n't seem to care at all about our situation .
1	i hate doctors who have a business in addition to their practice .
0	not even one piece .
1	i know doctors do n't know everything but that just is unprofessional .
0	avoid .
1	finding a new doctor because of this unfortunately .
0	you may even get a nasty look , yikes !
1	good doctors but a mess .
0	and not well maintained or managed at all .
1	the doctor only cares about money and is rude !
0	the pho was nothing special and place was small and looks dirty .
1	really doctor , nothing you can do ?
0	the veggies were old and wilted , and there was no dressing on either .
1	worst doctor 's office i have ever been too .
0	it was _num_ % breading .
1	they blamed my doctor so i called him .
0	so the air in tire was wasted time .
1	and do n't expect your report to get to your doctor before your appointment .
0	i 've been wanting to stop in here for the longest time .
1	i am not going to see the same doctor .
0	there is also a _num_ inch ?
1	doctors are exceptional , nurses are ok , the hospital itself is unacceptable .
0	but it was seriously bad .
1	my doctor and nurse made me feel like i was wasting their time .
0	i dropped off _num_ shirts at this establishment just before thanksgiving .
1	we can not recommend this doctor .
0	the better restaurant is the little cafe across the street owned by same owner .
1	this place is a dump and not anything like a professional doctor 's office .
0	it 's tough to find anything good here .
1	they sent me to the frame doctor .
0	did n't get all of the items i ordered and paid for !
1	my advise to you : find a better caring professional doctor !
0	i really never want to return .
1	finally , the doctors teeth are kind of busted .
0	service is n't too bad , but could be better .
1	trust me , do not see this doctor !
0	owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal .
1	too fancy for a doctor 's office .
0	there 's no day pass .
1	the doctor confirmed her prescription was accurate and the glasses were off .
0	i will never be back .
1	i do not recommend this doctor 's office .
0	the hallways smell as do the rooms and they are not clean at all .
1	she got mad and said i would have to see another doctor .
0	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
1	i wish i could say it was the doctor but it was n't .
0	actually , this is n't even a bad review .
1	i never even saw a doctor here , something i find strange .
0	the food was terrible !
1	avoid this doctor at all costs .
0	avoid this tourist trap !
1	i have had _num_ female doctors that i have seen at the practice leave .
0	due to 3-4 hours of service i split it into two days .
1	on my fist visit they put me with a pa not a doctor .
0	i think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside .
1	the doctor is trying to just find work to do and charge the insurance .
0	after waiting way too long to even be acknowledged , my order was taken .
1	they only had _num_ doctor working .
0	bad texture .
1	advice ... find another doctor .
0	they do n't care about anyone .
1	not having much luck with banner hospitals or doctors .
0	Negative
1	i gave two starts because the doctor and the staff were nice .
0	atmosphere was bad .
1	finally , i switched doctors to another group out of frustration .
0	the place was much less noisy and crowded at my second visit .
1	my doctor put in five request for one prescription never got filled .
0	do n't believe me ?
1	incompetent doctor ( s ) and office staff .
0	i miss the old garden ridge .
1	the vet techs care , but the doctors do n't listen to them .
0	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
1	like most doctors offices , they asked me to arrive _num_ minutes early .
0	one year after they cut that route after being there over _num_ years .
1	the doctor had a bad bedside manner too , which i found weird .
0	however , the last few times we have been there it has been terrible .
1	the doctor i met was n't that helpful & courteous .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	the doctor mark was nice , but the wait time is horrible .
0	the fries were fairly soggy and otherwise par for the course .
1	i want to see my doctor in a white coat .
0	the tree died .
1	overall many doctors and nurses were helpful in the care of my mom .
0	that was n't to be .
1	your doctors are incompetent and your business plan is sneaky and misleading .
0	good food , but rude service on the phone and in person .
1	response time to patient requests is slow and the staff doctor was non-existent .
0	if you want rock bottom food , head to rock bottom .
1	i would not take my dog to this doctor .
0	and def not as good !
1	the doctor was nice however , the staff is not friendly and or attentive .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
1	neither the staff nor the doctors seemed to genuinely care about the animals .
0	the dough is some of the worst dough i have had yet in pittsburgh .
1	my doctor is n't my complaint , however .
0	i asked our server why they had n't mentioned this when we came in .
1	whatever you do make sure to never have him as a doctor .
0	second , the sodas are not free refills !
1	would strongly recommend looking for another doctor .
0	_num_ star for food , gross !
1	i feel bad for some of the nurses and doctors who are actually great .
0	too bad the food was n't good .
1	i will never recommend this facility nor this doctor to anyone .
0	it is way too expensive .
1	the doctor does not introduce himself before he sticks his fingers in your mouth .
0	if _num_ stars were possible i 'd give em .
1	absolutely do not recommend this doctor or his staff .
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	the doctor was rude as well .
0	then , i ate here .
1	we left _num_ hours after we got there and never saw a doctor .
0	the food left much the be desired .
1	staff did n't even tell me my doctor was running behind .
0	_num_ ) this place is ghetto .
1	yet , the doctor did n't come for another _num_ minutes .
0	walking through this mall just creepy though .
1	it is getting tough to find good doctors , sadly .
0	even a small crack with a few problems set on it .
1	i rarely go to the doctor and visiting this practice reminded me why .
0	the chicken nuggets come out under par .
1	finally , i was seen by an assistant , instead of doctor .
0	the response and reaction that i got from her receptionist was quite rude .
1	do n't go see this doctor .
0	the only thing they did n't mess up on our order was the rice .
1	she had zero personality and was the most unwelcoming doctor i have ever met .
0	beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks .
1	i did n't get to see a doctor until the fifth visit .
0	it 's hit or miss with this place , but mostly a miss .
1	i asked if he is a doctor and she replied , `` no .
0	conference rooms were poorly set-up , freezing cold , and loud !
1	all the doctor could say was `` hmmm , that 's really weird '' .
0	none of that .
1	the doctor had recommended that she stop her antibiotics , which is stupid .
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	the doctor prescribed me medication that i am allergic to .
0	the dough was also fairly dense .
1	i waited maybe _num_ minutes until the doctor came in .
0	worst chinese food ever .
1	not to mention the diet coke which she finally brought as a doctor pepper .
0	this store sucks beyond belief !
1	dont be fooled find a private practice doctor you will have better luck .
0	have been to many restaurants but this was my worst experience .
1	the doctor sucked !
0	i end up picking half of my sandwich apart .
1	the doctor might be great if you could get past the rude staff .
0	why does n't the schedule know this ?
1	when i saw the doctor again he looked completely clueless .
0	well ok i guess .
1	they are nice doctors but the wait time is horrible .
0	$ _num_ for anything !
1	i 'm going to find another doctor .
0	the chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer .
1	was late to two of four doctor appointments due to staff error .
0	do not go here for service on your bike .
1	i 'm not a doctor .
0	i just do n't understand how anyone can like this place .
1	they would n't even look at my x-rays from my previous doctor .
0	for my entree , i tried the lasagna recommended by the waiter .
1	did not see a doctor for over _num_ hours .
0	seating inside is very limited .
1	i 've since changed doctor 's and will never visit this place ever again .
0	the onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can .
1	so the doctor was nice enough ... no complaints on that front .
0	they need to find new wait staff who are attentive and friendly !
1	just the worst experience from this doctors office !
0	juice is cheap .
1	better service , friendlier doctors , the list goes on .
0	this place is a train wreck .
1	unfortunately , i have not had much of a great experience with this doctor .
0	not here .
1	find another place where the doctors care .
0	add on : the wifi is awful .
1	the doctor said there was nothing he could do .
0	filthy would be a step up from the actual conditions .
1	meanwhile , the doctor & the staffs chatting ; laughing outside the waiting room .
0	it was gross !
1	the doctor is very old fashioned and his equipment is as well .
0	they should be serving free meals to anyone they stick at that table .
1	i have never experienced such rude nurses or doctor in my life .
0	it was horrible .
1	watching people being brought back to see a doctor who have just walked in .
0	the owner refuses to take care of black people .
1	one of the worst experiences with a doctor .
0	i was also disappointed that they do n't serve brown rice .
1	do n't waste your time see a doctor !
0	this was probably the worst gyro i have ever had .
1	this is the worst doctors office i have ever been to .
0	a simple yes or no would have been nice .
1	none of the doctors would listen to me .
0	the cost of the alterations were $ _num_ !
1	my new doctor told me that was probably caused by using the wrong lens .
0	a round of patron margaritas were horrible .
1	the absolutely worst experience i have ever had with a doctor !
0	he put the tv in my truck turned around and walked away .
1	both doctors were arrogant and impersonal .
0	it gets packed .
1	although there was no line , i saw the doctor for approximately _num_ seconds .
0	terribly overrated .
1	i was informed a doctor would call me back.
0	otherwise it was _num_ miles .
1	this is the most inefficient doctors office i 've ever been to .
0	absurd .
1	staff is rude and doctors are impersonal .
0	the meat was so tough , i gave up after a few pieces .
1	the staff are not friendly except the doctor .
0	the young man who greeted me seemed a little turned off by my coupon .
1	the doctors could care less and the staff could care even less !
0	the steak was supposed to be medium ; instead it came well done .
1	if they were n't so good in every other regard i would change doctors .
0	i do n't return on principle .
1	the doctor was rude and annoyed with my questions .
0	it was boring and flavor free .
1	this place has _num_ receptionists and _num_ doctor and is horribly inefficient .
0	this is not an exaggeration .
1	i could not get in with a doctor but instead saw a nurse .
0	guess it was ok ?
1	well come to find out the doctor had no record of my visit .
0	there is an atm , but it has a $ _num_ charge to use .
1	unless you are physically bleeding , go to a hospital or a real doctor .
0	ugh .
1	honestly this is just a terrible doctor and even worse human being .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	could i meet the doctor before signing the agreement ?
0	oh but it 's not .
1	and another _num_ mins in the room before seeing the doctor .
0	more frustrating than conversations with the wall .
1	he lost a patient for $ _num_ , not a very smart doctor .
0	really bad italian food .
1	not cool when you can not trust your doctor to keep information private .
0	the following week , they would call me back .
1	the nursing staff at this doctors office are incredibly mean .
0	my big issue is that the employees stand directly outside and smoke .
1	plus in three visits i never saw the doctor wash her hands .
0	they said it would take another two hours to start work .
1	several doctors have not figured it out , either . ''
0	i ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard .
1	i would definitely not recommend this doctor to anyone .
0	will never go back !
1	front office staff is the reason why i 'm changing doctors .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	nothing was done , and i spent about _num_ minutes with the doctor .
0	terrible service .
1	my jaw dropped ... why was i looking for another doctor ?
0	i 'd never had the food before .
1	long story short , the doctor was about _num_ minutes late .
0	i went here after a car accident that was not my fault .
1	appointment with my primary care doctor last months too !
0	a turn off .
1	i called my doctor and she was able to fix it in _num_ mins .
0	the servers are polite , but extremely inattentive .
1	the medication the doctor prescribed me damaged my nerve system and liver .
0	pretty rough , but not completely unbearable .
1	absolute worse experience i have ever had with a doctor 's office .
0	dirty and slow .
1	once again the doctor would n't talk to me .
0	it 's not me .
1	maybe this doctor missed the time management class in medical school .
0	do not do business with these people .
1	sure , there are great doctors and nurses here just like any hospital .
0	it was a basic salad , no big deal .
1	i 've seen two doctors at this practice , both worst medical experience ever .
0	i just hate to see it .
1	you guys need to hire better doctors cause the ones you have are useless .
0	the waitresses were extremely fast , except for coffee refills .
1	i have already found a new doctor and i am so much happier .
0	wise guys is your typical off beat pizza shop .
1	the assistant scheduled me for my next appointment with the wrong doctor .
0	my sleep and stay was ruined .
1	clock doctor ruined it .
0	we were so looking forward to the food but our experience was awful .
1	do not see this doctor .
