0	for me , eating at tessaro 's is like eating a costco hotdog .
1	if you 're a guy , do n't even bother walking through the doors .
0	not a good value in my book .
1	the situation at the door just was n't handled very well .
0	very disappointed .
1	you probably slammed the door , be careful next time , dont do that .
0	sent the mussels back .
1	then they called _num_ more times after that came to my door _num_ times .
0	always seem to be people going in and out .
1	it is $ _num_ just to walk in the door .
0	the quality was horrible .
1	i hate it that there is only one door to enter and exit .
0	why be in the service business if you have a bad attitude ?
1	when i went in , the door was stuck and would n't open .
0	we also had a serious problem with the timing of the food .
1	the driver seemed friendly enough and made a little small talk at the door .
0	so i ordered _num_ for myself and my gf .
1	they would not call him , knock on his door or anything .
0	it would have been nice to know whom .
1	a long wait and not being greeted at the door for about _num_ minutes .
0	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
1	we opened the door , looked in , and walked out .
0	the fried chicken was pretty bland .
1	the pizza hut does n't have a door .
0	its only been in new york and dc for years !
1	guess i 'll have to use the del taco drive-thru next door .
0	simply put , horrible experience .
1	i pointed out that she stopped me as i was walking out the door .
0	it 's not worth it .
1	_num_ months and twelve days later the door jumped it 's tracks .
0	they ca n't even give you the courtesy of trying on their dresses .
1	no note , no knock on the door .
0	we checked in , put our stuff in our room , and left .
1	there was blood on the bath room door and walls of my patient bathroom .
0	there is no question that it has everything you could want .
1	worse , the smokers sit right at the front door .
0	_num_ sundaes were $ _num_ .
1	i arrived and was met at the door by the sign , `` sorry .
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	cactus garage door was very unprofessional when it came to fixing my garage .
0	the clientele , for some reason , really made for a loud dining experience .
1	hampton inn which is next door and also hilton seems like a better option !
0	possibly the worst pizza i have ever eaten .
1	i expressed my concern to him as we walked out the door .
0	staff definitely are really rude .
1	there hours on the door state they are open till 7pm .
0	get me out of here !
1	the cabinet doors would frequently come off .
0	the food was lukewarm when it arrived at the table .
1	waiting outside our doors at _num_ am to get out when checkout is _num_ .
0	never coming back again , it was such a waste of money !
1	we walk in the door , are seated , and handed the simple menu .
0	the entrees were dull and lacked seasoning .
1	then _num_ time they came to my door and made me leave .
0	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
1	my garage door opener died a few weeks ago .
0	furthermore , it took forever just to get our waitress 's attention .
1	would n't the lobby call or knock on my door ?
0	terribly salty `` lobster roll '' on greasy bread .
1	when i walk through the front doors i just feel miserable .
0	we will not be going back .
1	we went back in the main door , clearly confused .
0	bathroom leaks atleast _num_ times a month .
1	not the front door ( very easy to find ! )
0	she damaged my hair so badly i ended up having _num_ inches cut off .
1	you 'll be better off going to the claim jumper next door .
0	see pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry .
1	designated spot is actually between doors & and _num_ causing unnecessary confusion .
0	the hostess was very short with me and my date .
1	it was 7:30 and the line was out the door .
0	avoid this shop .
1	there were n't any other problems with my door .
0	just all around disappointing .
1	arrived to find chairs up on tables and doors locked .
0	the sandwich left something to be desired .
1	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
0	avoid !
1	we walked through the front door , immediately got upset .
0	the beer specials and _num_ .
1	an employee was smoking outside the door as i entered .
0	bland .
1	if you answer the door when they arrive , service goes as expected .
0	its really too bad , they are super close to my apartment .
1	the bathroom door did n't close over the rug that was on the floor .
0	i chose a sugar cookie and mexican cookie .
1	just left a note on the door .
0	was very disappointed with the food .
1	do yourself a favor and go to quail dry cleaners next door .
0	for dinner , not that great .
1	however , the doors were wide open and it was 11:30 am .
0	do not use their car wash .
1	i have used lincoln to service my garage door since the early _num_ 's .
0	i do n't get it .
1	we left before 1:30 and they had already locked the door .
0	the coffee 's terrible .
1	car finally done then it comes back with dirt all over the door .
0	the beef was not the right color and was basically bland .
1	i closed the door and she walked away .
0	she went ahead started to cut my bang after looking at it .
1	two weeks later the wrong appliances showed up at our door .
0	slightly better than starbucks , but that 's not saying much .
1	our waiter greeted us nearly as soon as we walked through the door .
0	it really is a pittsburgh staple but come on ... .
1	if you need a door , go through them , not home depot !
0	it should n't take _num_ minutes to get a dozen bagels .
1	your employees ca n't wait to shut the doors on time !
0	the garnish had cheese on it the first time , not the 2nd .
1	i ran to walgreens next door to get some cash .
0	first the woman rushed through my `` manicure . ''
1	but why is the door so close to the salad bar ?
0	worst customer service i 've seen in a while .
1	some of the power door locks and power mirrors did not work .
0	worst brazilian wax i have ever gotten .
1	she is just a worker standing by the door like you .
0	they did n't even get their drinks .
1	go next door to taco bell or whataburger .
0	change management and has gone down hill .
1	walked out the door immediately !
0	do n't get married here .
1	the bathrooms have heavy doors that are not handicap friendly .
0	i have mixed feelings about rock bottom .
1	1st door guy said we could come in for free anytime fri night .
0	horrible drink ( old fashioned ) ?
1	he arrived and was also unable to open the door .
0	even at the discounted price we paid for queens feast we felt robbed .
1	the morning of checkout my bill had not been placed under the door .
0	the worst of it is the damage caused by being over processed .
1	the door not only did n't close , it did n't fit the frame .
0	super slow , cold fries , freezer burned carrots , rubbery lobster claws .
1	first off the doors to the show did n't open until _num_ pm .
0	ugh , my coworker spread open the spinach leaf .
1	walked in the door right after _num_ with the boyfriend to grab some food .
0	nothing but flavorless , americanized chinese food .
1	even the door attendant could not believe that we did n't get service .
0	her potatoes were ice cold and sandwich luke warm .
1	i stood out there a couple of minutes before they open the door .
0	i refused .
1	the front door handle was broken my last time i went in here .
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	customer service is obviously lost on this place ( except the sweet door host .
0	the fish and chips looked great but it did n't taste like anything !
1	the female who answers the phone for cactus garage doors was just as unprofessional .
0	the fitness center lacks a fan , so working out gets too hot .
1	why would n't you just turn people away at the door ?
0	after reading reviews i was afraid of what kind of service we would encounter .
1	do not call cactus garage doors to fix your garage door !
0	another couple ordered the cajun pasta and brewery beef tips .
1	the poor quality began the moment we walked in the door .
0	they get maximum money for average seafood ( or anything else ) .
1	door would n't spring open when open button pushed .
0	total mess .
1	_num_ ) the security on the units without a roll up door is abysmal .
0	i was unable to justify spending $ _num_ or $ _num_ for their membership .
1	i contacted the salesman because the door has no closing device .
0	the food is cheap .
1	there were only _num_ people when doors opened .
0	as if the food is not the real star of the show .
1	the door locks are a joke .
0	show off how much money you can waste in a night .
1	taking cash only was the last kick to get us out the door .
0	i 'm not a shady side hipster but an average person in workout gear .
1	anyway , we had to purchase more tickets at the door .
0	i 've made much better at home .
1	bathroom doors do n't lock .
0	my advice , avoid this place .
1	we also had a problem one night with our front door .
0	hotel restaurants are just awful !
1	check your receipt before you walk out the door ... .
0	this place is terrible !
1	i wish she would have said no when i came in the door .
0	all right , now i 'm really done .
1	they also have a wind problem every time the front door is open .
0	singapore had this for their buses in _num_ !
1	_num_ minutes and i 'm walking out the front door .
0	all the techs are nice except the man ( andy ) he is horrible !
1	the door i was at had signage ( open hours ) .
0	also , service was unfriendly .
1	do n't know how we keep the doors open here .
0	sadly really went downhill .
1	the security guard at the front door tells me the cab just left .
0	the bread was the worst part .
1	i went there last friday before a hair appointment next door .
0	nothing was comped and no manager was available .
1	these little bakeries then wonder why they have to close their doors .
0	it really feels like a total lack of effort , honesty and professionalism .
1	our new custom doors wo n't be ready until january _num_ .
0	terrible .
1	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
0	granted , it was a friday morning , but still .
1	supposedly to save money they replaced bathroom doors with curtains .
0	but sadly , it was n't .
1	the phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door .
0	this also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future .
1	then he said `` glad you came back '' and disappeared out the door .
0	overall they get a d for food and an a for ambience and location .
1	i am completely speechless , grab the watch , and head for the door .
0	even adding salt and pepper did not help it .
1	when i opened the door the stench was overpowering .
0	my main complaint with them is that they lied to me .
1	looks like they closed their doors only a few days ago .
0	i spent almost _num_ minutes for some nachos .
1	to a client that just walked in the door .
0	overall rating - just an ok .
1	lost a star because they opened the garage door .
0	_num_ minute wait for fast food ?
1	doors that are crooked and can barely open .
0	good food , but rude service on the phone and in person .
1	i should have went to the safeway next door for sushi .
0	service was n't too bad - nice people .
1	like they walked to walmart next door and bought a _num_ bag .
0	the sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing .
1	however , the doors are closed and locked shut .
0	will not go back there , ever !
1	so while standing outside the door and rather upset at this point .
0	they actually screwed up a green salad .
1	line out the door an _num_ people working .
0	the pasta with chicken was about the best from the trio .
1	the front door was _num_ inches instead of the ordered _num_ inches .
0	we will not be coming back again .
1	two weeks later they showed up at our door with no call or appointment .
0	under no circumstances would i eat here again .
1	the doors were in ill repair and in need of replacement .
0	no marinara sauce .
1	so my total out the door was $ _num_ .
0	the crepe pancakes were ok , but nothing to write home about .
1	the step down out the front door needs to be addressed .
0	it was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing .
1	the guy just looked at me and shut the door .
0	the menu is n't extensive , so keep in mind your options are limited .
1	my problem is not solved and your dealership has closed the doors on me .
0	not because the food is bad but because i like to try new places .
1	walls are very thin and you can hear casual conversations of guests next door .
0	i 'm sure the room service would have been better .
1	she did not greet me as i opened the door .
0	the customers and the staff are miserable at red white and blue .
1	thankfully there was a restaurant next door that knew the law .
0	service was good but probably the worse pizza i 've ever had .
1	we would be paying several hundred dollars to get the doors installed .
0	unfortunately i did not get to experience these things .
1	it smelled like burnt fish when we walked in the door .
0	it was just inedible .
1	i went to my room , to find the door not fully closed .
0	steak was way over cooked .
1	i never interacted with the staff , only the front door person .
0	_num_ per person not worth it .
1	the walls and doors are paper thin .
0	no apologies nothing .
1	trucks loaded and slammed doors in the middle of the night .
0	heck no !
1	from the moment i walked in the door these guys were rude and condescending .
0	also they were not that tender .
1	being next door to corporate you would have higher expectations .
0	they were gracious to direct us to signs that got us out of parking .
1	door is in the middle of the entry wall so very inefficient layout .
0	staff was overwhelmed , they tried , but to no avail .
1	so i made sure the door was locked .
0	i still do n't understand why they served their fancy cream soda warm .
1	good wine food from next door but terrible rip off .
0	the drinks took forever , i had something floating in my wine .
1	is n't that why you opened your doors ?
0	she seemed tired , and overworked .
1	i looked around the windows and doors dept .
0	there was a list of _num_ or so entrees we could choose from .
1	it was very cramped and there was no clear path to the door .
0	to further add to the drama , the parking garage has virtually no signage !
1	he said there is no way his guys would overlook dirty doors and dash .
0	avoid this company if you can .
1	there were also water marks left on both side of my doors .
0	i 'll probably never go back again .
1	and the garage door sounded like hell a few weeks later .
0	she was not present for about _num_ minutes after we were sat .
1	out the door , $ _num_ for repairs .
0	i should have known then that it would be a bad experience .
1	i run up to the door and ... .
0	the beer selection is n't that great and the upstairs bar is not full .
1	instead , he blamed it on my garage door opener ?
0	this was the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	when i went to my room , housekeeping was just outside the door .
0	and was really disappointed .
1	walking in the door , there was an odd smell .
0	and the food was terrible too !
1	guess the best advice , just pay at door .
0	they were returned to me a full size smaller than i dropped them off .
1	so i saved $ _num_ just by not going to door creek .
0	_num_ . )
1	one has to wonder why they want children behind closed doors separated from parents .
0	bad !
1	you can hear noise from _num_ rooms down if you step out your door .
0	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
1	from the second we walked in the door we were immediately treated poorly .
0	!
1	when he showed it was the wrong door .
0	an extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and i .
1	their hours posted on their door even say they should have been open .
0	years and years of spilled food / blood from the meat department and etc .
1	would not surprise me to see this place shut its doors .
0	it seems ridiculous , actually .
1	the other one is locked there is no handle on the door .
0	came out fast , but entre 's came out _num_ mins later .
1	even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were .
0	food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side ass mashed potatoes .
1	lock on the room door was broken .
0	this is just my experience .
1	the sign on the door says they close at _num_ pm .
0	next time i 'll try morton 's or capital grille .
1	the line is always out the door and moving extremely slow .
0	find someplace else in bloomfield .
1	i live next door and i 'll never be going back .
0	way too much hype for such underwhelming food .
1	i tried the door and it was locked .
0	service is bad when you enter .
1	left vehicle mats dirty and grease on doors .
0	after further consideration , this store does not deserve a _num_ star review .
1	your staff loaded our custom doors for delivery and destroyed them .
0	the crab cakes were so disgusting my husband and i had to switch meals .
1	a pedi place and a foot massage place next door to one another ?
0	the thing is the fish does not taste fresh at all !
1	might as well shut the doors and throw the keys away !
0	otherwise , i will never stay at this place .
1	try to get in the door before _num_ ; 11:30 if you can .
0	_num_ years i had this deal going on .
1	not a single smile or hello when we walked in the door .
0	really wanted to like it here , but am never going back .
1	went next door and they checked and filled all tires , two minutes .
0	!
1	_num_ days later i ca n't open the door from the inside .
0	based on this experience , i would most definitely not recommend this to others .
1	only clean stall did n't have a lock on the door !
0	in addition , the presentation was poor .
1	we waited _num_ minutes before anyone greeted us at the door .
0	i assure you this place is n't it .
1	no one was at the door to greet me .
0	do not take your car to midas !
1	he went next door to la quinta for $ _num_ .
0	rotten food and over charging customer .
1	geek squad are terrible and know about as much as a door nail .
0	it was n't the best meal as far as service was concerned .
1	an hour after walking in the door , we still did n't have noodles .
0	the coffee was just a little off .
1	about a minute later the tech knocked loudly on my inner garage door .
0	the beer was decent , it 's just draft beer here .
1	when i walked in the door , i got the generic welcome .
0	the pizza was really really greasy .
1	you do n't feel very safe walking to your door from your car .
0	we 'd probably never go back .
1	lady at the door looks like she 's gon na cry .
0	one week later i call , not ready .
1	not nice enough to get me back in the door though .
0	the wait staff is slow and management has no clue .
1	only went here because we were early for our movie that was next door .
0	at eat n ' park , free cookies are a staple .
1	the floor drops down about _num_ inches right outside the door .
0	the second time about 2-3 months later was just awful .
1	meanwhile , a line of people piled out the door about _num_ deep .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	stopped in here after breakfast at denny 's next door .
0	btw , no one ever showed up to fix the air .
1	the garage door , itself , worked just fine using the wall opener .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	god only knows what they could do to my food behind closed doors .
0	but waited over _num_ minutes for them to take our order .
1	there was a dirty shirt next to my room door upon arriving .
0	so if you 're coming to drink ... not so bad .
1	walked in the door and we were n't greeted at all .
0	it was topped with an olive and a mini pickle ... odd .
1	went to this location with my door tag and the mess began .
0	do n't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies .
1	do n't even step in the door it 's a horribly ran doctors office .
0	_num_ bartenders on staff while the bar was completely full .
1	next time we will wait an hour to go next door instead .
0	no greeter so we were n't sure where to go .
1	poor service from the door .
0	that is the last money i will spend in that place .
1	no sign , one lady holding door shut , other cleaning .
0	furthermore , the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par .
1	i would highly recommend using a different company for your garage door needs .
0	i was expecting something stellar , and i feel rather let down .
1	do not eat here should be the only sign on their door .
0	easily takes _num_ min to get a drink .
1	i opened closet door and it smelled of sewer .
0	would i have had to call in to sort out their staff 's mistake ?
1	i signed up as they knocked at my door .
0	i do n't care how many awards they have hanging on they wall .
1	she said nothing , just walked us out the door to the patio .
0	was someone else supposed to bring it , did she forget ?
1	tiny bathrooms - could barely close the door with the rug .
0	in a bad frame of mind , i tried my food .
1	walls and doors are dirty .
0	went for a friend 's birthday and had the worst experience ever .
1	oil change , power door on passenger side - having issues with closing .
0	the coleslaw lacked flavor and the bun was simple white bread .
1	the room doors are all spring loaded to they slam shut .
0	the outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste .
1	_num_ degrees , line out the door , and no ac .
0	worse was that there was no flavor .
1	another woman inside completely ignored my knock on the glass door .
0	the only reason i 'm giving it two stars is because of the bread .
1	the minute i walked thru the door ... .
0	crab cakes were awful .
1	i was greeted kindly as i walked in the door .
