0	Neutral
1	should not be a _num_ minute ordeal to go through drive thru .
0	the only dish we liked was the chicken dish .
1	then i drove back and went inside and i talked to the manager .
0	my wife had the chicken pesto pasta .
1	from now on , i 'll drive further for better service .
0	very disappointed with this dry cleaner .
1	i drove out of my way just to get me some baked potato !
0	dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature .
1	i drove off and the ac did not work !
0	but probably not for dinner .
1	drove _num_ minutes to get to theater .
0	it was bitter cold outside .
1	i drove across town to eat here after reading the mostly positive reviews .
0	there was a list of _num_ or so entrees we could choose from .
1	not worth the drive from nor phx .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	it 's faster to drive a little bit further out to get better service .
0	i am sad to report that this too was tasteless .
1	slow slow slow drive thru .
0	place is a total joke .
1	i drove across the street and went to petsmart instead .
0	that is where the efficiency and service took a turn for the worst .
1	it drives me crazy !
0	i am not a fan of this place .
1	a huge waste of my drive .
0	but that 's not the worst .
1	but the extra _num_ min drive to starbucks suddenly looks much more reasonable .
0	ca n't wait to cancel service .
1	the drive through wait was longer than i had expected but not the worst .
0	risotto , while one of my favorites , is n't pasta .
1	now it will be another _num_ years before through a drive through again .
0	no call , nothing .
1	when i received my ready to pick up prompt , i drove over .
0	i 've eaten at various mcdonalds restaurants for over _num_ years .
1	drive _num_ more minutes .
0	the food was even worse than i remembered .
1	went through the drive through for lunch a few weeks back .
0	i really do n't know why i bother with chain restaurants anymore .
1	we drove for _num_ mins to get the best mexican food ever !
0	well this was our first attempt at this location and it was below expectations .
1	having a _num_ hour drive wasted didnt make it any better as well .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the beer selection .
1	i drove down there with receipts .
0	i sent all the food back shortly into the meal because it was cold .
1	we drove from southern scottsdale to arcadia and it was a waste of time .
0	i only stopped because i needed ta repair that day and they were close .
1	just stopped for lunch before driving off .
0	nothing is served on the side with main dishes ... .
1	she insisted i drive myself ( which did n't make sense ) .
0	far too much cream and cheese .
1	i drove from peoria to mesa to find my dress here .
0	please ... .
1	the middle aged lady that works the drive thru always has a negative attitude .
0	the service was horrible .
1	flights we 're canceled so i needed to drive _num_ hours home .
0	so , i got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it .
1	i drove all the way back and handed over the original food .
0	seriously lady , you 're not a morning person .
1	after the drive we were starving so we needed food .
0	i should have refused delivery and just got my money back .
1	the drive thru is _num_ minutes for each car that 's in it .
0	the fries were bad .
1	they messed up _num_ drive thru orders .
0	our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
1	he just drove away !
0	_num_ .
1	the drive through service here leaves something to be desired .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	wo n't make the _num_ hour drive again from charleston .
0	it was awful !
1	it drives like a _num_ series .
0	or , they can pick-up the entire set and provide _num_ % credit .
1	drove a long way for nothing .
0	we originally sat upstairs , which was open per the sign .
1	we waited in the drive through for about _num_ minutes for _num_ blizzards .
0	but my hubby did n't know any better .
1	be sure to really check your order before leaving the drive thru .
0	finally , we felt like the whole restaurant clientele has declined .
1	no one at the counter which you can see from the drive thru .
0	not good .
1	the drive thru line is always too long and moves too slowly .
0	the fried chicken was straight forward .
1	went to the drive thru and kim was rude and unfriendly .
0	i really would n't go back again .
1	not worth the drive , parking , or time .
0	i guess i was supposed to know that it was closed .
1	it 's usually empty when i drive by or stop in .
0	sorry to say , restaurant is riding on its former reputation .
1	i 'd rather drive to sephora to get my overpriced shampoo .
0	- ambiance is nice , upscale , not too loud .
1	total _num_ minutes for `` fast '' food drive through .
0	food was only just ok and service was even worse .
1	seriously , many phx folks drive to tucson .
0	i would n't stay here again .
1	they were nice and the drive through window is convenient .
0	rooms are poorly designed .
1	i drove around for an hour to avoid valet parking still nothing .
0	i had no disclosure of this whatsoever when i signed my lease .
1	the view was nice but not worth the time we spent driving there .
0	the cleanliness of the bathrooms is less than desirable .
1	i ended up driving back to the hertz lot and dropping off my car .
0	probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	the drive through is always slow .
0	have n't been here in a long time because the service and food suck !
1	went through the drive thru and did not get my complete order .
0	as much as i hate olive garden ... i would preferred that .
1	the location is beyond slow inside or through the drive through .
0	but it was n't during peak hours .
1	was driving by madison and thought we 'd get some bbq .
0	cardboard with a strange tangy sauce and a side of disaster .
1	oh , just drive to the one on the _num_ and university .
0	i would be careful ordering food here .
1	i have my glasses picked out and i needed them to drive .
0	the third took another _num_ minutes .
1	drove _num_ minutes out to come to applebee 's .
0	the menu lists them as including jalapeno , but there was no heat whatsoever .
1	i drove an hour total through this whole process .
0	not hot at all ... .
1	_num_ mins and counting ... drive through .
0	did not taste like hibachi at all .
1	we drove _num_ hr .
0	our wine was not delivered until after our steaks arrived .
1	i would rather drive the _num_ miles home instead of sleeping in this place .
0	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
1	i 've been driving past this place for quite some time .
0	_num_ .
1	drive down _num_ more feet for another salon .
0	the food was awful .
1	but it is not worth any kind of drive .
0	will take my business elsewhere in the future .
1	i was already very nervous driving the suv after my near accident .
0	upon entering it smelled of sewage and was very dark .
1	i get into my car and drive off .
0	avoid eating or drinking anything here .
1	i ca n't believe i drove all the way out there for that .
0	what horrible service this place gives !
1	drove out of our way to visit this establishment .
0	the bones are small and barely have any meat on them at all .
1	came here after a _num_ 1/2 drive expecting the best sandwich i ever had .
0	kind of gross if you ask me .
1	i drove twenty minutes on a friday to get my family dinner .
0	when we showed up , it was like i 'd never called .
1	i drive away and am having my prescription transferred to another pharmacy .
0	the burger just falls apart in your hands ( or onto your lap ) .
1	it was almost easier to just drive there from san diego than to fly .
0	an expensive mess .
1	i 've driven past a million times and kept thinking to try noodles .
0	not worth it .
1	do n't go in the drive thru if there are more than _num_ cars .
0	he could n't have told me that prior ?
1	went through the drive through at _num_ pm on my way home .
0	in the end , that bridesmaid got a partial refund for the dress .
1	so i drive from casa grande , az .
0	fool me -- you ca n't get fooled again . ''
1	the drive through is slow .
0	my noodles were cold ... like really cold .
1	i should n't have to drive back because of their mistake .
0	this place is disgusting .
1	waited in the drive thru for _num_ minutes for _num_ order of tater tots .
0	of course , the order came out quickly , and wrong .
1	the money just seems to be needed to drive business i guess .
0	i did n't even know you could get canned green bell peppers .
1	so we drove to ihop ... which was packed .
0	i should have just gone to giant eagle .
1	you just get in your car and drive .
0	sadly , the professionalism of the front desk never got better .
1	then , you drive around , then , you pull up like normal .
0	i was really annoyed .
1	do n't go here , drive to another ihop .
0	every time , the hotdogs ( and brats ) are harder than a rock .
1	it was not worth the drive or the prices .
0	waited for _num_ minutes for a bagel with cream cheese with no line .
1	i have driven _num_ miles in the car since beginning of september .
0	finally on tuesday , i came out to the shop at _num_ am sharp .
1	one time i saw an old lady take a taxi through the drive thru .
0	i went to this restaurant saturday for the first time .
1	after driving up 7th st .
0	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
1	take the extra _num_ minutes to drive to the south hills location .
0	the fries were cold and mushy .
1	ca n't believe we drive _num_ miles for this place .
0	the lox bagels are not even made open face .
1	took over over _num_ minutes to get through their drive thru .
0	a _num_ minute wait for a draft beer on a slow night ?
1	i had to wait _num_ min in the drive thru for a supreme combo .
0	i made a reservation on monday to pick up some equipment on saturday .
1	the drive thru is a nightmare !
0	ugh if i could give this place _num_ stars i would .
1	i 'll drive another _num_ miles out of the way to avoid this one .
0	$ _num_ per hour per person ... with an one hour minimum .
1	it was apparent that commission was driving factor , not customer service .
0	every time we go here , we come out highly stressed , which sucks .
1	i drove around for _num_ minutes looking for this place .
0	she said they would n't seat them because i was n't there .
1	i am a ten minute drive from this location .
0	you disappointed me .
1	so sad to drive here from san tan valley for such disappointment .
0	the tomato was hard as rock .
1	after driving _num_ minutes to there i was upset .
0	i did n't bother to ask if anything was organic .
1	their receipt machine along with the drive thru screen were not working properly .
0	no tip for you my friend .
1	just driving through the area and had to stop for the night .
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	we had n't even driven the car yet !
0	the owner has a complete disregard for customers and the customer experience .
1	so , i drive over to pick up my pizza .
0	some rude nasty woman answers the phone !
1	there is always something missing from the drive thru order .
0	no way .
1	many other places that are better , not worth the extra drive .
0	the savory crepes were better than the sweet crepes which were a disappointment .
1	the poor people i could see waiting for _num_ minutes in the drive through !
0	get over yourselves people .
1	tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed .
0	but , something happened sadly .
1	use the internet or drive over to matthews and go to fire power .
0	my meal was way over cooked .
1	not worth driving _num_ minutes for this type of treatment .
0	the waitress just was too young and inexperienced .
1	the valet drives up in his personal car .
0	you do n't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that .
1	the drive thru is flat out dangerous .
0	sushi might be good , but i do n't eat sushi .
1	i drove for like _num_ miles .
0	in practice , it 's not very pleasant to go there .
1	i was jammed up so she drove straight back .
0	the food was bland .
1	however , every times i drive thru pittsburgh , i always stopped here .
0	i will never go back to this place again !
1	it 's too long a drive from my home to go back again .
0	_num_ .
1	drove _num_ miles to check it out because of the tv show .
0	over crowded , loud , and not a relaxing experience .
1	after driving _num_ minutes home i discovered white rice .
0	it was just average and did n't really have any taste .
1	went through the drive thru and they got our orders all wrong .
0	)
1	drove _num_ minutes to have a meal here .
0	completely unacceptable !
1	ordered _num_ chicken teriyaki bowls and one salad at drive through .
0	food was awful .
1	it drives me crazy when things like this happen often .
0	my appetizer was cajun shrimp , which was way over seasoned .
1	been waiting in the drive thru for _num_ minutes .
0	it is not worth it .
1	long story short i made the drive back so my kid got his food .
0	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
1	went through the drive thru pharmacy the past two times .
0	shame , the fish was good there .
1	_num_ stars for the drive through .
0	nor is there any hint of a true thai taste .
1	i could receive better customer service from a drive thru window .
0	ingredients were spot on , but it was lacking any real flavor .
1	seriously i waited in the drive thru for like _num_ minutes .
0	no in this restaurant are polite .
1	we drove _num_ hours from sedona to eat here .
0	the collard greens were insanely salty .
1	i would recommend driving out to chandler over dining here though .
0	tossed me out for no good reason .
1	i 'm tired from a long drive .
0	well , i have never felt more embarrassed in a situation .
1	i wait three more minutes before driving away .
0	highly recommend that no one ever goes here .
1	drove locally around charlotte for two days and used about 1/4 tank .
0	you will have to spend $ _num_ on a parking pass .
1	thanks for letting me waste my time and drive all the way there .
0	stopped in on the fourth of july for evening cocktail and small meal .
1	turned around , drove back to the clubhouse and asked for a full refund .
0	the walls were dirty , nasty and dingy .
1	my car was driven directly to my home and stayed there .
0	but it was n't over .
1	not a pleasant experience after the drive .
0	not because the food is bad but because i like to try new places .
1	eventually , my overpriced pizza was ready , and i drove home .
0	bad texture .
1	we drove a long drive to try this bbq .
0	wrong !
1	drive thru too damn slow !
0	a shame , really , for my once favorite bar in charlotte .
1	this is the most amazingly slow drive through ever !
0	people from work drag me here to lunch more often than i would like .
1	at which point we left & drove through in n out .
0	two hours and i 'm still waiting on a slow sunday night .
1	it took longer then i expected for a drive through , no big deal .
0	disgusted .
1	last time through the drive thru i asked for ketchup .
0	the person checking me out was not hospitable .
1	i drove _num_ minutes for overpriced `` german '' food .
0	the place just seemed small and shabby to me .
1	the drive threw is always backed up like a clogged toilet .
0	also , i had ordered a fried pickle appetizer .
1	they would n't let me test drive the car .
0	i waited _num_ minutes for charred hamburger .
1	i hate two lane drive thru .
0	poor excuse for a gentleman 's store .
1	and i drove my car out .
0	i am a big fan of olive garden but not this one .
1	i drive out of my way so i dont go to this mcdonalds !
0	it 'll never dry !
1	after a short test drive we sat down to go over the numbers .
0	my wild mushroom and chicken was not warm but tasted okay .
1	my advice : drive _num_ yards farther west on baseline and play legacy .
0	i was grateful for justin since he was the most helpful to me .
1	i 'll drive a little farther to have better a shooting experience .
0	items do n't have price tags .
1	_num_ minutes in the drive thru .
0	but , lately it 's been hit or miss .
1	drove _num_ hours to get to the park .
0	why was my beer warm ?
1	drive through quickly at 10:30 in the morning .
0	over-priced , slow , very dirty , and an overall sketchy vibe .
1	i drive over _num_ miles to see this car .
0	this is the worst chinese food i have had in a long time .
1	i follow drive diner dives he raved about this place .
0	the server went out of her way to make us feel uncomfortable .
1	i always have to drive to a location farther away to get it .
0	i would give our experience zero stars .
1	... continues to be the slowest drive through in maricopa county .
0	she could n't tell me how much longer we would wait .
1	the rental buses are relatively quick but the guy that was driving -- suck !
0	entrees were half off but all looked mediocre .
1	this airport is a bitch to get around walking or driving .
0	but the noodles are a disgrace .
1	too slow - drive to another one .
0	in summary the service is very questionable .
1	driving into phoenix would be much better .
0	i say `` some '' turkey wrap because it was really that unimpressive !
1	for me the major issues are driving through the airport .
0	just gon na stand here and get looked over for a little while longer .
1	going through the drive thru was a very unpleasant experience .
0	i guess for $ _num_ i could n't complain .
1	we stopped in last night after driving around trying to find a place .
0	this is a review of their business practices online .
1	$ _num_ later and i have a car that i can not drive .
0	first , they charge for beer and wine .
1	carowinds for that they offer is not worth the drive or the money .
0	tasted very good , but i was disappointed in how dirty this place is .
1	still very slow service at drive through .
0	not comparable to the other top ten pizza joints in pittsburgh .
1	so i asked to see another similar vehicle and asked for a test drive .
0	the main waiting area is also empty .
1	i drove past this place on almost a daily basis for a couple years .
0	i have been here a total of four times .
1	he drove away and had to come back for his money .
0	it then took another _num_ minutes to get wine glasses .
1	we were very disappointed when we drove up .
0	this place is a train wreck .
1	this is the worst sonic drive in in the united states .
0	we ordered _num_ family portions of _num_ different dishes .
1	we drove up here on a saturday and it should 've been packed .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	waited in the drive thru for _num_ minutes as the only car .
0	tried their philly cheese steak .
1	i went through the drive through , with about _num_ cars ahead of me .
0	not a fan .
1	i drive further down the road just for the better service .
0	we were disappointed .
1	the driving around to find where to park is horrible .
0	she refused , and again tried to place the blame on me .
1	no luck after driving a good _num_ miles no reset .
0	and they did n't seem too concerned about my complaint .
1	after another ten minutes , i finally decide to drive myself .
0	i talked to him for _num_ minutes and he was polite and friendly .
1	i requested a firm drive it out quote via email .
0	5:30 on a saturday and only two other tables were occupied .
1	been sitting in the drive thru for _num_ minutes and not moved .
0	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
1	worst service ever i will plan on driving in the future .
0	the sub was not one bit better than subway .
1	since we had to drive _num_ min with limited time not worth the wait .
0	[ the not so bad . ]
1	when my turn came , nobody was answering at the drive thru .
0	the juice from the tacos also made the tater tots extremely soggy .
1	would i go out of my way to drive there ?
0	shower shoes , i never leave home without them !
1	of course i drove off in a fit and hungry haha .
0	oh my god ... .
1	so now , i do n't have time to drive back .
0	the food just is n't that great .
1	honestly drive to 16th st and glendale , place called moto !
0	very disappointed in his attitude more then anything .
1	get in your _num_ degree car and drive down to jack in the box .
0	i just do n't understand how anyone can like this place .
1	kept wanting to drive back and let them know .
0	did n't file straight or smooth .
1	a drive thru is suppose a little quicker service of getting your food .
0	so why not actually make a decent public transportation system ?
1	if this place were any faster , they would have drive through .
0	absolutely horrible customer service and product being sold to the public .
1	this was extremely disappointing since we had driven from glendale to eat there .
0	the food was ok but nothing to great .
1	tried this place for lunch since i drive past it near my new place .
0	he was told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppies and pepsi .
1	the music on the speakers kept cutting out and was driving me nuts !
0	the food was bad .
1	i was hurt and drove _num_ min to get my finger prints done .
0	!
1	drive thru is apparently more important than customers sitting in store .
