0	highly recommend that no one ever goes here .
1	so , i came to the diner having already eaten a light breakfast .
0	the night was not lost .
1	so i had to eat my sides cold .
0	i walk in , look around , look at the menu ... hmmm .
1	i will not eat there again .
0	finally this place was stale like the bread !
1	my daughter and i ordered my pizza slices to eat in and hers togo .
0	ca n't win 'em all , right ?
1	if i were to go back , it certainly would not be to eat .
0	but truth be told , i 'll probably be back .
1	then , i ate here .
0	this sandwich shop lacks all of those things .
1	after they microwaved it it was barely fit to eat .
0	_num_ ) the owner is pushy .
1	i will not be back again to eat .
0	i did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left .
1	everytime i eat at this location i end up with a sick stomach .
0	last night we ordered take out and it left us disappointed .
1	i will not eat here again .
0	i only gave them _num_ star because _num_ was n't an option .
1	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
0	outside of that bar louie leaves a lot to be desired .
1	my husband likes steak , but -- - i want to eat healthy .
0	soups were borderline offensive .
1	i only eat the hot and sour the night we ordered our take out .
0	hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway .
1	i ate one slice , and gave the rest away .
0	nothing is bad , per se , just not really impressive .
1	you ca n't eat pancakes with your hand .
0	was very disappointed with the food .
1	these hoagies are the most pathetic hoagies i 've ever seen or eaten !
0	this is a gathering place for human garbage anymore .
1	i did n't even eat all of it .
0	the skins were a bit thick and doughy .
1	why anyone would willing go here to eat is beyond me .
0	the team went out of their way to get us in quickly and efficiently .
1	i spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza .
0	food was ok , nothing much to speak of .
1	this `` pizza '' was the worst food i have ever eaten .
0	actually just had an awful experience with a manager named chris .
1	i picked out the broccoli and ate it over my side of rice .
0	it was terrible waiting in line , but it moved quickly .
1	try tom 's diner or eat 'n park instead .
0	if you 're famous , why is there never anyone in your restaurant ?
1	do not come here to eat .
0	her corned beef was brown and bad .
1	there was just one table of _num_ seated and eating when i arrived .
0	when i was little there was always enough donuts for everyone !
1	ate the pizza dry as shit .
0	this place is awful .
1	customer service is awful i wo n't be eating here ever again !
0	i do n't know .
1	it also felt like i was eating a bowl of lard .
0	bar staff not so much this visit .
1	raspberry sauce is sitting out on my counter as i continue eating cake .
0	over time i 've been ignored , greeted with `` what do you want ?
1	i do not want to eat a cheesesteak with a fork and knife .
0	worst steakhouse experience i have had to date !
1	no host and the bartender asked if we were going to eat .
0	the internet is so slow it is not functional for basic email .
1	the food was horrible both times i ate there in the past two weeks !
0	it was tough and boring .
1	i never received anything and also never ate at this location again .
0	no big deal .
1	my cat is not eating .
0	thus , it makes me sad to write a negative review .
1	every place i 've eaten here is horrible .
0	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
1	very unappetizing and i was unable to continue eating .
0	what could have been a very positive experience was absolutely ruined by this man .
1	will not eat here again .
0	i give a _num_ rating only because of the service .
1	instead all squash was replaced by peppers ... which i can not eat .
0	this review is more for the repair end of bbb .
1	possibly the worst pizza i have ever eaten .
0	the quality is completely gone , portions are smaller , prices higher .
1	could not eat it .
0	i did n't think it was that good .
1	i could n't eat anymore .
0	furthermore , it took forever just to get our waitress 's attention .
1	i did not get a chance to eat there .
0	_num_ . )
1	we ate breakfast food at 2:30 am after the bars closed .
0	lots of tv 's and ok atmosphere so i will squeeze out _num_ stars .
1	go for drinks , eat elsewhere .
0	unfortunately rock bottom is one that falls into that category .
1	i 'm glad i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
0	not a fan of the french bread .
1	anyway , do n't try to eat here .
0	i do n't expect this rock bottom to be around too much longer .
1	sushi might be good , but i do n't eat sushi .
0	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
1	ok , i did , and i stopped eating .
0	we got up and walked out and will never be back .
1	so the max you could eat is _num_ wings .
0	i do n't know if i can ever return to buca .
1	i could n't eat it .
0	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
1	i did n't eat it .
0	so why my low score ?
1	he ate it and did n't complain ... .
0	the beds were uncomfortable .
1	hate to say it but i would rather eat at taco bell .
0	way too much cheese .
1	i 've eaten there many times in the hopes that maybe i missed something .
0	visited on a friday night and it was pretty crowded .
1	please do n't eat this food .
0	it was so bad , i would not dear to try again .
1	neither one of us ate more than _num_ chips .
0	there 's never any reason to be rude to your patrons .
1	it was theory tasteless love me in i 've ever eaten .
0	way overpriced and service was n't great .
1	i would rather have eaten a mcdonald 's burger and fries .
0	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
1	i have eaten here several times & always find it disappointing .
0	the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
1	i would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat .
0	the service is most often rude .
1	just do n't eat here stay away avoid at all cost !
0	ugh .
1	do not eat here .
0	never again will i go there .
1	i can not eat this .
0	i really wanted to like this place , but i really did n't .
1	i have eaten at this restaurant before and the service was n't so bad .
0	located in not such a great part of town .
1	the breadsticks are alway delish and hard to turn away eating more .
0	no need to ever return .
1	y'all clearly have never eaten outside of charlotte .
0	`` it 's not coming off !
1	i was so excited to get all you can eat crab legs !
0	breeze and the cat was tested and was negative .
1	do n't waste your time eating here .
0	the bar is really small and the staff was really unfriendly .
1	would i eat here again if i 'm in the area ?
0	not the best or the worst mall in charlotte .
1	spend your money eating something w personality !
0	why does n't the schedule know this ?
1	eating in the best restaurants in town and when we travel is not unusual .
0	it was n't edible .
1	finally got seated and waited _num_ minutes for waters and then ate mediocre food .
0	life is too short to waste you time and money on this place !
1	i recently ate a _num_ oz cheeseburger at a local burger joint .
0	not going back again .
1	i 've eaten here several times and they are not very flexible .
0	have been waiting for _num_ business shirts and suits for over _num_ weeks .
1	i ate a little bit , but i did n't want to finish it .
0	it 's noisy , crowded , disorganized , and there are not enough waiters .
1	there are n't many places to eat here .
0	this was a friday , and he said he 'd call back on monday .
1	i do n't eat seafood often so i would n't know .
0	worst of all , our server gave us the worst service .
1	are you gon na eat that ?
0	i wo n't be ordering from ron 's again , despite the inexpensive menu .
1	so dirty i decided i could not eat here .
0	bland food and poor service .
1	potato salad was also old tasting and could not eat .
0	alexander 's offers some of the worst italian food i 've ever had .
1	i just sat there for _num_ minutes while my party ate their food .
0	i would never use them again .
1	there is nothing to eat within walking distance .
0	i substituted steamed rice for the fried rice .
1	maybe i just ate the box ?
0	every thing about this place is wrong .
1	please do not eat there .
0	i used to order takeout here once every month or so .
1	i just paid the bill and we left and went to eat n park .
0	the food came out quickly enough .
1	but quality steaks can be eaten at much better priced establishments .
0	it was n't the cut .
1	i ate a few bites and tossed most of it in the trash .
0	our waitress carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude .
1	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
0	no accessible stalls in restrooms .
1	i ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker .
0	shrimp had no flavor .
1	i was unable to comfortably eat for approx .
0	i really do n't know how this place got any good reviews .
1	when i started to eat , it tasted just as odd .
0	the beer was good , service was ok , but the food was terrible .
1	i have eaten here before and never had any problems .
0	mediocre at best .
1	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
0	terrible tuxedo rentals !
1	i do n't eat at this restaurant very often .
0	she told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side .
1	we ate two each , then told the server we did n't want them .
0	i 've been here twice and i 'm just not crazy about it .
1	would n't want to eat there again , especially at full price .
0	_num_ .
1	but i could n't eat it .
0	at _num_ pm i asked for my car .
1	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
0	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
1	the apps were good but do n't eat dinner you 'll regret it .
0	cheap and crap service .
1	we ate there some time ago but they just threw three strikes for us .
0	it was awful .
1	came in for a quick bite to eat on a sunday for lunch .
0	but that should be explained by the waitstaff when someone orders the meal !
1	i 've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff .
0	this would n't even qualify as pizza in north jersey .
1	at eat n ' park , free cookies are a staple .
0	_num_ separate different roaches in a matter of _num_ minutes in the same restaurant .
1	did n't eat here ... this review not about the food .
0	first thing they said to us was , we only accept cash .
1	so disgusting , i dont even want to eat my meal anymore .
0	managed very poorly .
1	this apple is too green to eat much less pay for .
0	completely unprofessional and ridiculous .
1	we just ignored this and ate the calamari , as is .
0	just like the butter and jelly packets sitting in the booth at denny 's .
1	i ate here for lunch today with my wife and _num_ kids .
0	i get better shrimp pasta at macaroni grill !
1	and while you 're eating too ... it 's so disgusting .
0	i could have spoken to him in _num_ minutes and gotten out of there .
1	if they say yes , the bread is likely to be eaten .
0	could n't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve .
1	i ate about _num_ bites and left the rest .
0	if i could give it _num_ stars i would .
1	every time we have eaten here , we were hungry shortly after .
0	so no , no thank you .
1	for me , eating at tessaro 's is like eating a costco hotdog .
0	it was just strange .
1	wan 's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with _num_ other friends .
0	as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready .
1	it was late and on the way home with nothing at home to eat .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	there was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way .
0	horrible service .
1	trying to eat `` fresh '' pineapple with no wine just breaks my heart .
0	my alfredo was tasteless .
1	sometimes i ate there _num_ or _num_ times a month .
0	not much for atmosphere .
1	this used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat .
0	very cheap over breaded and not fresh at all .
1	i 'm still waiting to find out what ate me up !
0	not my scene whatsoever !
1	unfortunately , i found little to eat for lunch yesterday .
0	avoid !
1	i ate here when it opened , a and again _num_ years later .
0	eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp .
1	the mac and cheese and cornbread was all we ate .
0	i think i 'll find a place that 's a little more ... me .
1	so salty i ate one and threw them out .
0	otherwise , you are better off skipping it .
1	do n't eat here !
0	very disappointing experience .
1	( i do n't eat shrimp . )
0	we were greeted very warmly by one of the ice cream technicians .
1	not the best dinner they have eaten .
0	our food is always wrong .
1	i could barely eat the salad .
0	do n't waste your time or money !
1	my husband & i ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time .
0	i 've been meaning to go back to the fish market for so long .
1	the restaurant never called us , so we ended up eating elsewhere .
0	either way , i am not going back to find out .
1	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
0	i of course had filet , and i was just so underwhelmed with it .
1	i got the penne ala vodka without prosciutto because i do n't eat meat .
0	learn from my mistake .
1	there are also not many place to eat around the hotel .
0	i was very disappointed .
1	do n't bother eating here .
0	just bad .
1	her meal was so hot she could n't eat it .
0	dirty and slow .
1	in particular , do not eat dinner in the depressing restaurant .
0	it was just okay as a whole .
1	under no circumstances would i eat here again .
0	the restaurant is so small and they have a problem with managing customers .
1	we did n't care for the atmosphere and did n't actually eat anything .
0	no stars !
1	needless to say , we did n't stay to eat and went elsewhere .
0	pity .
1	we ate our dinner quickly because of how hungry we were .
0	i ordered chicken curry .
1	one of the worst steak sandwiches i 've ever eaten .
0	one year after they cut that route after being there over _num_ years .
1	caesar salad should not be too spicy to eat .
0	each visit was more bizarre than the time before .
1	all the white people get to eat , we do not ?
0	i will not go back .
1	no one ate their entire meal .
0	Negative
1	neither of us touched our dinner , we were afraid to eat it .
0	it does n't feel fair .
1	there are better places to eat for the same money .
0	only after the third time returning did anyone apologize .
1	peel and eat shrimp were dry and tough , not fresh .
0	at night it is a nightmare .
1	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
0	the first time we were there almost _num_ hours .
1	you can not pay me money to eat here again .
0	i ordered the seabass and it really was n't anything spectacular .
1	i sucked it up and ate the stupid beef .
0	normally i hate salads in places like this .
1	do n't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes .
0	overall the rent keeps going up every year and their service just getting worse .
1	it was so disgusting i could n't eat it .
0	very poor .
1	i recently went into this eat n park and had a horrible experience .
0	it makes no sense .
1	i will say i still ate them so shame on me .
0	she however did not offer to comp the meal .
1	this is the worst chinese restaurant that i have ever eaten at .
0	it 's just generic stuff .
1	honestly , it looked like someone had already starting eating this .
0	ridiculous .
1	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
0	it was not my pillow .
1	also a few hours after i ate i got sick to my stomach .
0	never open when you need it , unreliable availability with his products .
1	i even ate a couple and the sauces were yummy .
0	having curly hair , i 've had my fair share of terrible haircuts .
1	i dont eat meat so i ate the spinach ravioli and it was ok .
0	never understood all the hype about this place .
1	we could n't eat it .
0	_num_ .
1	ca n't handle basic cleanliness then this is not a place to eat at .
0	another sour note , they dropped off some spring rolls at our table .
1	we will still go here just not try to eat .
0	entree _num_ : fish tacos .
1	if i was n't so hungry i would n't have eaten them at all !
0	not sure if the manager makes th e employees clean or not !
1	when was the last time you ate chinese food that was cold ?
0	severely disappointed .
1	do not make the mistake and eat here .
0	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
1	i did n't eat them all because they got cold and kind of gross .
0	this is on a weekend ( saturday night - sunday morning ) .
1	i ate as much of the eggplant and meat as i could dig out .
0	that 's not our usual practice . ''
1	this is by the far the worst hibachi restaurant i have eaten at .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	i ate two of the _num_ tenders ( seven ! )
0	my friends had left this woman at least a _num_ % tip .
1	we ate about a quarter of the food & could n't even finish it .
0	my pizza was okay , nothing yummy .
1	my husband has eaten there before and was sorely disappointed as well .
0	to further add to the drama , the parking garage has virtually no signage !
1	terrible place to eat and not very clean at all .
0	i was thinking he would have stopped but did n't oh well .
1	she ended up sitting on my lap to eat .
0	i got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted .
1	i ate them , but nothing special .
0	real bad .
1	i just ate it and it was a sloppy , greasy mess .
0	it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ?
1	we were so hungry by that point , we just ate whatever we could .
0	he talked loudly across the whole restaurant to staff members back in the kitchen .
1	i ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server .
0	no one at the counter even acknowledged my arrival .
1	my kids would not even eat them .
0	absolutely horrible way to treat a customer when they were the ones in error .
1	i gave half of it to my husband to eat .
0	all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
1	had no desire to eat throughout the day .
0	the guys here were borderline rude to me when i dropped my car off .
1	i was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat .
0	this place is out of my dry cleaning budget !
1	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
0	i came away with none of it .
1	we hardly could eat anything and left everything like that .
0	no flavor .
1	my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick .
0	the pool is strictly a lap pool .
1	worse than eat park quality .
0	overall , the look of the store just seems to be tired .
1	if i am ever in charlotte again i will find another place to eat .
0	i know , you say , how can one possibly have too much cheese .
1	i could not even eat one !
0	if you like casbah more power to you but for me never again .
1	suggestions , hmm not entirely sure since nothing i ate here impressed me much .
0	first , there are n't many tables .
1	if you are here to eat , maybe try somewhere else .
0	rather disappointed .
1	we were eating here often , but it got boring quickly .
0	but seriously , there are still restaurants that allow smoking ?
1	first time i 've eaten here i went during lunch time .
0	unfortunately , i learned this the hard way .
1	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
0	worst eggs benedict experience i 've ever had .
1	but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
0	time warner cable is awful .
1	i may come to have drinks , but never to eat .
0	it more than less ruined our dining experience .
1	i would eat here again , but not anytime soon .
0	delivery guy was shady too .
1	i 've eaten at various mcdonalds restaurants for over _num_ years .
0	i want to know what to expect , you know ?
1	if you 're coming to eat ... ah you might think again !
0	when i complained how they failed to honor my reservation mr .
1	i eat out almost every night of the week .
0	no creativity to the cooking .
1	not the best soul good i 've ever eaten .
0	since wings are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable .
1	friends warned me not to eat here .
