0	the last _num_ hoagies i 've gotten here is again only mediocre .
1	we also got the standard egg rolls and crab rangoon .
0	it was quite mediocre for old school burgers and fries .
1	- they want $ _num_ for cheese on their eggs .
0	the sweet and sour chicken was disgusting .
1	i had eggs benedict and i was greatly disappointed !
0	excuse given was understaffed but when you are not busy it does n't fly .
1	egg roll almost flavorless and mushy .
0	limited menu .
1	the egg roll was soggy and cold .
0	drinks are not made properly and the draft beer was warm .
1	egg rolls ( small , cut in half , and awful .
0	but overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason !
1	i had the linguine carbonara and it was more like scrambled eggs and noodles .
0	the pasta i got was good , but nothing to write home about .
1	the eggs were under done but the toast was fine .
0	no effing way .
1	i had cheesy eggs , hash browns , raisin toast , bacon and coffee .
0	the fish sandwich arrived nearly _num_ minutes before the rest of our meals .
1	they 'll cook the egg and bacon in their crap microwave for you .
0	ashley furniture will get my business from now on .
1	egg rolls , wonton soup were not good .
0	that is the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard .
1	there were bugs in my egg drop soup .
0	do not use this cleaner .
1	ordered _num_ eggs sunny side up , hashbrowns and sausage .
0	and , a table of _num_ leaving and all paying separately .
1	is n't steak and eggs on the mt .
0	- it 's _num_ and they have no website or menu .
1	eggs were cold and the fresh fruit was n't fresh .
0	do not come here to eat .
1	a poached egg on top ?
0	menu is very basic .
1	ordered egg rolls , steamed dumplings , garlic beef and orange chicken .
0	_num_ stars .
1	plus , the egg roll was ridiculous .
0	it tasted like hot chocolate .
1	tasteless egg roll .
0	gross .
1	puff pastry , eggs , and marinara for breakfast ?
0	- the fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here .
1	it was just chicken , rice , egg , and green onions .
0	made me walk across the floor after my pedi w bare feet .
1	i think an egg batter a la chile relleno would be an improvement here .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	the poached egg had fallen off , okay again not a big deal .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	no flavor just plain bland cold rubbery eggs and bacon .
0	this used to be my favorite steak house in charlotte .
1	egg drop soup that came with it was way too thick .
0	the mexican cookie was just the same consistency .
1	the egg and cheese were disgusting .
0	i ca n't even guess how unsanitary it might be .
1	my eating partner just had an egg drop soup .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	had breakfast of eggs , ham and `` home fries . ''
0	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
1	the egg rolls were horrible but i liked the fried wontons .
0	the food was terrible !
1	the eggs benedict were mushy .
0	getting those taken off was another huge inconvenience to our poor server .
1	there are no vegetables or egg or taste .
0	my guess is that it was that suspect sauce you put on that sandwich .
1	i also asked for my eggs to not be runny and they were .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	unfortunately , basic scrambled eggs proved to be a challenge .
0	we stayed for four nights and got minimal cleaning service in our room .
1	in fact , my egg foo young tasted a little spoiled .
0	people from work drag me here to lunch more often than i would like .
1	the egg rolls were overcooked and the filling was not tasty .
0	it just does n't match her books or shows at all .
1	sure enough the poached eggs were hard boiled .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	scrambled looking eggs with slices of cheese on top .
0	estimated delivery time _num_ minutes actually delivery time _num_ minutes .
1	the last _num_ mornings i arrived to find nothing but crumbs left for eggs .
0	: ( i ordered the salmon cakes which were really hard .
1	the scrambled eggs were okay but not served hot .
0	the food was gross , greasy and very bad .
1	should be called the bad egg .
0	horrible , horrible , horrible .
1	honestly it looked like one scrambled egg to me .
0	is n't that what baked ziti is ?
1	the bread was toasted and the tuna had eggs in it .
0	i had to wait _num_ hours just for a pick up for this crap .
1	ordered an order of egg rolls , crispy beef and chicken pad thai .
0	the hallways smell like hot garbage , always .
1	i and two other customers had a coupon for frys large eggs .
0	we have had vietnamese food in other states before but here is the worst .
1	i get the jumbo jack with cheese and i like the egg rolls .
0	there is no grass on the range .
1	_num_ % of the time , the eggs are not done anyway .
0	but it seemed like i was absolutely bothering the staff this morning .
1	it 's only scrambled eggs and potatoes !
0	it was very inexpensive and i understand why .
1	the egg drop soup had no flavor either .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	breakfast was bacon , eggs , pancake .
0	always seem to be people going in and out .
1	my real issue is with the eggs they served me .
0	their burgers are dead to me .
1	egg rolls are greasy and flavorless .
0	it was not flavorful or moist nor worth the calories .
1	my colleague bit into his egg roll to spit out a bolt .
0	so i would n't go back .
1	my eggs benedict was not warm ... again !
0	the coleslaw lacked flavor and the bun was simple white bread .
1	the sausage and eggs were good without complaint .
0	after about _num_ minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly .
1	i ordered the flat iron steak and eggs .
0	beware !
1	if you can screw up pancakes and eggs , you are worthless .
0	talk about a nasty look and attitude .
1	two people in our party ordered chicken broccoli with fried rice and egg rolls .
0	this was probably the worst plain cake donut i 've ever had .
1	the egg white omelet was flavorless crap !
0	why did n't i get paid then ?
1	first of all the eggs were not poached .
0	i was greatly disappointed by this restaurant .
1	the egg roll was disappointing .
0	it was also an outrageous $ _num_ dollars .
1	ordered an egg roll and it was cold .
0	this food is just crap .
1	i 've been here twice now and each time it reeked of rotten eggs .
0	neither of us touched our food .
1	my eggs were perfectly hard poached .
0	fail on all levels .
1	the eggs benedict included a hard boiled egg and lacked any flavor .
0	do n't even get me started with their customer service , or lack of .
1	dishes were drenched in sauce , egg rolls taste frozen .
0	the caesar salad was fine , but not inspiring .
1	in fact , if it 's not made of eggs , do n't bother .
0	some drinks were returned from the bar while some never reached the table .
1	it included an egg roll which did n't taste like the typical egg roll .
0	i ordered two double cheeseburgers and waited over twenty minutes for them .
1	my girlfriend had two eggs , potatoes , and a biscuit .
0	she knew i would hate it but just did n't want to go alone .
1	i ordered the beef vermicelli bowl , one egg roll , one spring roll .
0	i had to spit the oyster out in a napkin .
1	eggs , green beans , mac and cheese were all above par .
0	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
1	my eggs were raw and strawberries on waffle old .
0	only another _num_ minutes until he brought one martini over .
1	the food was just s bit too greasy and eggs were over cooked .
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	the bad egg is a joke .
0	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
1	it 's not appealing at all and the eggs smell just like grease .
0	great location but low on amenities .
1	tonight my chile rellenos were greasy and the egg batter was soggy .
0	this `` pizza '' was the worst food i have ever eaten .
1	i ordered sizzling rice soup and some egg rolls .
0	their televisions could be called outdated ... at best .
1	i got some weird dish with hash browns in my pancakes and scrambled eggs .
0	never been before and went on a thursday night at 6pm before a show .
1	this was a pile of messy scrambled eggs with some black beans .
0	the place was very busy and noisy .
1	the only thing i ended up eating was the egg rolls .
0	never again will i go there .
1	had half of a sandwich with just egg and bottom biscuit .
0	i 'm so disappointed .
1	the second time i got california eggs benedict - big mistake .
0	i do n't remember it being this bad .
1	this is bad eggs and really bad bacon !
0	i do n't like coleslaw .
1	lindsay informed me they do n't offer egg whites , really ?
0	it 's almost been _num_ hours and i 'm still waiting .
1	the eggs and bacon were just bad .
0	the river view from the deck was nice , but the smokers were not .
1	on another night , the scotch eggs followed the same theme .
0	why is n't this practice illegal ?
1	chose bacon & eggs for $ _num_ .
0	wait time : we had a reservation , so we were seated right away .
1	for $ _num_ we got burnt toast and greasy eggs .
0	i dunno .
1	eggs were over salted and the presentation was not appealing .
0	i waited _num_ minutes and finally walked out .
1	why did they remove the egg paintings !
0	simply awful !
1	the egg roll was just gross .
0	but these corporate suits refused .
1	egg tasted like it was cooked with engine oil .
0	complete waste of life .
1	no , i do not like green eggs and ham .
0	only once was it under par .
1	the eggs were cold .
0	lastly , i 've had some really poor customer service experiences at this location .
1	i like my scrambled eggs done .
0	burgers are adequate - nothing special .
1	the bacon was more like bacon bits and the egg was thin and tasteless .
0	oh whole foods , you are so so very overpriced .
1	poached eggs were severely undercooked , muffin was burned .
0	unfortunately , the entrees were no better .
1	egg rolls were more spring rolls with thin deep fried paper wrap .
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back .
1	i order veggie fried rice , veggie egg rolls and fried chicken wings .
0	but i quickly learned my lesson .
1	the egg roll was not too bad i did eat that .
0	i asked if it was out for delivery and she could n't tell me .
1	and to top it off there was n't even an egg roll .
0	so , why only _num_ stars you ask ?
1	the egg salad sandwich was eggs and mayo , with no taste at all .
0	i drink this beer regularly , and something was wrong with the beer .
1	i had a chicken biscuit , and the boyfriend had egg and bacon .
0	he said the stir fry was so-so .
1	anyhow the eggs and bacon came with that , they were cooked okay .
0	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
1	my eggs benedict was good , so was my bloody mary .
0	but for the sushi - forget it .
1	i would not eat the scrambled eggs in any form .
0	some of the worst service ever .
1	after all , it is hard to screw up an egg and potato burrito .
0	but damn , i was hungry !
1	the egg rolls were overcooked and almost burnt .
0	the crust was hard and flavorless .
1	the egg roll was soggy and disgusting .
0	awful awful .
1	do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
0	my order was $ _num_ .
1	plus they serve egg sandwiches and there 's no ketchup ?
0	i pretty much hate this hotel .
1	scrambled eggs were okay .
0	therefore , that left junior stylists to wash and dry my hair .
1	i ordered a chorizo , egg , potato & bean burrito .
0	bland .
1	the egg was n't even cooked on it !
0	i really like this shop .
1	i had a veggie skillet with _num_ eggs over medium , instead of scrambled .
0	not good .
1	besides , the egg pasta was too thick .
0	cold food ?
1	sure do miss our old good egg .
0	this place seems to have gone downhill since last time .
1	eggs benedict with spinach , bacon , tomato and avocado .
0	it just is n't up my alley though .
1	sat down and he brought out egg noodles and duck sauce .
0	the chicken was supposed to be grilled .
1	tasteless egg in water is definitely not something you want to keep eating .
0	she took my bottle of wine and did not mention the price or anything .
1	egg rolls were good though .
0	the fries were bad .
1	yeah , fried rice 's egg must be added at the last moment .
0	she came back _num_ minutes later , with the beers and took our order .
1	even the egg roll was disgusting and i 'll eat anything fried .
0	the service in this store is ridiculous .
1	this check was charging me for _num_ eggs , i got _num_ eggs .
0	the coffee 's terrible .
1	eggs came out tiny and overcooked .
0	but did nothing to make up for it .
1	fianc ordered bison burger and ended up getting a 2am with egg , etc .
0	i will not return to new china .
1	_num_ dollars for an egg salad sandwich !
0	i do n't care how many awards they have hanging on they wall .
1	then the egg roll was soggy .
0	chicken was slimy .
1	the egg roll wasnt even cooked and the cabbage was awful .
0	sorry , just not interested .
1	egg roll was sour of all things .
0	$ _num_ caesar salad with tasteless dressing that probably came out of a bottle .
1	but a few bad eggs can bring an entire establishment down .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	also , $ _num_ for egg , cheese and a bagel ?
0	fries with burger were luke warm .
1	manager brought out more eggs as we were paying the bill .
0	between two of them they finished one piece and could n't tolerate anymore .
1	the egg roll 's did n't even have shrimp in them .
0	i ordered smoked pork chops , home fries and green beans .
1	the plate was cold and the eggs were luke warm .
0	when i said something to her about it , she snapped at me .
1	egg rolls are greasy and over fried .
0	rude service , and pizza was subpar .
1	even the egg rolls were bland .
0	avoid this tourist trap !
1	i order bacon & eggs , wife got the _num_ $ omelet .
0	there is such a thing as food too fast .
1	they tasted like powdered eggs and water were mixed in with regular eggs .
0	so bland .
1	i ordered corned beef hash and eggs .
0	i do n't need to receive attitude from a receptionist .
1	what great wall of china south serves is cheap , frozen egg rolls .
0	first bite the crust was almost raw , dense , and way too chewy .
1	my burrito had hardly any beans and a ridiculous amount of fried egg whites .
0	stay away from time warner .
1	there was no garnish on the plate , my eggs were cold .
0	no one .
1	sorry good egg , you just are not that good .
0	no one was at the door to greet me .
1	egg was overcooked .
0	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
1	the food arrives and my wife starts looking at the eggs strangely .
0	this place is hit or miss .
1	the egg roll was great , but the sweet and sour chicken was horrible .
0	if someone had been standing there , this would have caused serious injury .
1	i had scrambled eggs and a pancake with bacon for eight dollars .
0	i proceeded to say , '' are you laughing at me ? ''
1	he had _num_ waffle , bacon , eggs , hash browns and biscuit .
0	not a good dinner place .
1	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
0	hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway .
1	i then chose the cheese and peppers omelette , with egg whites .
0	a pulled pork appetizer was passable , nowhere near the dish it replaced .
1	i was disappointed that it was just white rice with bits of egg .
0	the service was bad and unfortunately the haircut was even worse .
1	the fish tasted like egg .
0	grilled cheese , salad and a quesadilla should n't take that long .
1	my wife chose a bean , egg , and cheese , breakfast burrito .
0	horrible experience more than once .
1	my daughter 's eggs came out almost within seconds .
0	not a ton of flavor there either .
1	never will i order omelet , or scrambled eggs there again .
0	i 'm not a coffee snob i can do with it or without it .
1	had brunch here and was recommended lobster eggs benedict .
0	got _num_ bites for one night .
1	i was served over cooked eggs with raw bacon and the biscuits were stale .
0	this rink just did n't blow my mind .
1	the egg rolls , just stay away from them .
0	the restaurant has carpet which i find off putting .
1	they ca n't cook eggs !
0	they changed it without notice , i 'm a little bitter .
1	fried rice : eggs , sesame seed , and soy sauce .
0	as far as the menu , i was n't impressed .
1	the egg rolls were extremely doughy and bland .
0	i find it acceptable , but nothing special .
1	the chicken egg roll was very greasy .
0	prices were not listed on that daily special menu sheet either .
1	i hate egg rolls but i would order one of those again .
0	_num_ .
1	the good egg should really change its name to the `` mediocre egg . ''
0	i tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment .
1	chicken fried steak and eggs was my fave .
0	we went back in the main door , clearly confused .
1	i ordered two entrees , fried rice , egg rolls and two beverages .
0	wait , ceasar salad was ok !
1	for me and my husband to have pancakes , eggs , bacon and coffee .
0	not my scene .
1	my boyfriend ordered eggs with bacon and toast and complained about the same things .
0	it is very dense and flavorless with no crunch at all .
1	the egg on my wife 's eggs benedict was over-cooked .
0	she did n't refill drinks .
1	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
0	as far as i know they are no longer open at this location .
1	eggs over done and cold , hash browns cool from sitting .
0	and just leave this one alone .
1	we ordered egg rolls and my husband said this was his favorite thing .
0	i do not like this company !
1	however , the hard boiled egg was food service .
0	to compare this place to the famous sandwich places is nyc is a joke .
1	his eggs were under cooked and the bacon was again , soggy .
0	it would take less than _num_ day of their time .
1	egg roll and fried rice is too greasy .
0	rude !
1	the eggs were disgusting , they taste watery .
0	i feel like i should only be spending maybe $ _num_ .
1	the scrambled eggs were undercooked and cold .
0	my jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke .
1	i 'm so bummed that first watch has ruined the good egg .
0	_num_ .
1	the egg batter for the chile relleno was literally egg covering the relleno .
0	go down the street and get some tastier food at tram 's kitchen .
1	terrible experience , the good egg was bought out by first watch .
0	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
1	the bacon was good but the scrambled eggs were terrible !
0	unfortunately i heard after i ordered .
1	the eggs were under cooked for over medium .
0	ugh .
1	after much discussion they cooked another egg .
0	i dread it at this point .
1	the eggs i ordered scrambled and they were too dry for me .
0	probably not .
1	egg drop soup is watery no flavor .
0	this was not in the lease .
1	how long does it really take to cook eggs ?
0	and for $ _num_ that 's disappointing .
1	sausage and scrambled egg were okay .
0	even the server commented on the lack of a sauce .
1	but today it should have been called suck eggs .
0	i have never been treated that way with any owner of a business .
1	french toast was like rocks , eggs and sausage were cold .
0	we did not feel any of these things .
1	tough little bits of meat in the way overcooked eggs .
0	however , the rum killed any blueberry or mint flavor in the drink .
1	eggs have no flavor , not even salt and pepper .
0	they could n't tell us when we would be seated .
1	asked for chorizo with fried eggs , but got it all scrambled .
0	i will never have another mri done there .
1	_num_ scrambled eggs , bacon , english muffin and potatoes .
0	sad , very , very sad .
1	3x for eggs benedict and still wrong .
0	and cheese sauce that you get for your nachos at the gas station .
1	from the egg foo young , to the orange and sesame chicken .
0	wish i could give this place negative stars .
1	shocked , i saw it was n't just eggs , but hashbrowns and fruit .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	then was told an _num_ minute wait for egg rolls .
0	of course it was good , it is fried cheese !
1	worst eggs benedict experience i 've ever had .
0	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
1	the egg salad sandwich was ok.
0	thanks for starving us avis and making us sleep in our cars .
1	i tried the egg drop soup and could taste plastic .
