0	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
1	you treat the employees like dogs - like one level above dirt .
0	i had dessert , which was _num_ flavors of gelato .
1	the employees are rude , particularly scott who works in the plant section .
0	all things told , though , i would spend my money elsewhere .
1	the employees were incredibly rude and were just standing in the ladies room .
0	my second room : same line , 3rd floor , also accessible .
1	service is actually friendly , but slow , and all the employees are weird .
0	i 'm not a huge fan of this location .
1	the employees are either dumb or just do n't give a shit .
0	they do not take responsibility for their mistakes .
1	and i 've worked in retail , really lame employees and actions that night .
0	however , as a guest , i would not go back .
1	this ordeal lasted over a week , dealing with multiple employees and manager .
0	the waiter was horrible and barely checked on us .
1	man , do i pity dana 's employees .
0	i was pretty disappointed with this place .
1	it took another employee and customer to get him to stop trying to fight .
0	that is the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard .
1	i flagged down the next available employee and told them what we wanted .
0	the service was pretty bad .
1	we also use this place to cater meal for our late working employees .
0	first , they messed up one of our pants badly .
1	as a former employee of this location , i 'm sorely disappointed .
0	oh whole foods , you are so so very overpriced .
1	employees show no sense of urgency .
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	how are your employees not well trained enough to read a calendar ?
0	entire place smells like wet dog .
1	every employee that works at this pizza hut needs to be fired .
0	the place had a great location but otherwise it 's a waste .
1	but that is not a reason for employees to be rude to the customers .
0	hard to contact .
1	if i acted the way these employees did , i would lose my job .
0	they ended up calling two more over , but it took way too long .
1	i was very unimpressed with the atmosphere , cleanliness , and employees .
0	but the burger was n't memorable at all .
1	nice employees , but it was definitely not worth the money .
0	however , the sucker that i am for a deal , i got it .
1	the employees do not care about anyone who lives in the neighborhood .
0	the following week , they would call me back .
1	employees are rude with a capitol r !
0	a simple yes or no would have been nice .
1	there is no love lost between customers and employees here .
0	i ai n't going back where they treat customers like that .
1	and your employees are brain dead .
0	the beer was good , service was ok , but the food was terrible .
1	_num_ of the employees saw me , ignored and one proceeded to clock out .
0	this is the worst lay out ever for a bar .
1	as with any retail business , employees come and go rather quickly .
0	should n't you be doing this for all of your clients ?
1	i was lied to about their return policy by an employee and screwed over !
0	it was not even $ _num_ including se day shipping !
1	the employees seem slow , stupid , and lazy .
0	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
1	_num_ employees hanging around the camera department as i started to look at options .
0	the worst dental experience of my life .
1	first off , apparently the employees do n't know the products they are selling .
0	i did n't bother to ask if anything was organic .
1	however , the employees in the meat department are very rude .
0	_num_ ) $ _num_ tip even though the owner is the server .
1	we flagged down another employee who got the waiter .
0	ordered a grilled chicken salad , take out .
1	there were to my knowledge _num_ employees in the salon doing nothing .
0	they lost out big time with me .
1	they need a complete overhaul of management and employees .
0	_num_ cents per slice for every topping ?
1	maybe they should teach their employees what they r talking about !
0	it was also very dry .
1	not sure if the manager makes th e employees clean or not !
0	we can not , therefore , understand the rave reviews .
1	the employees at this location vary from indifferent to pretty helpful .
0	long story short , we wo n't be back .
1	not one employee even said hello !
0	i 'd have to say i was pretty disappointed with my overall experience .
1	they were understaffed to a criminal degree which is bad for employees and patrons .
0	my heels still looked as bad as they did when i walked in .
1	are these the kind of employees the phoenix va have as support staff ?
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	employees are unhelpful and rude .
0	ordered the eggplant with shrimp , veggie fried rice , and chicken satay .
1	are employees required to be grumpy here ?
0	poor service and food .
1	are you not paying your employees enough ?
0	pho is ok , not bad .
1	the employees are nice but i get the sense it 's managed terribly .
0	do n't waste your time or money at this denny 's .
1	no employees for _num_ minutes !
0	i expected bland sushi .
1	when spoke with manager he stood behind his lazy employees .
0	we shrugged it off and went to the bar .
1	the employees do not care _num_ % about you , or your order .
0	overall , very disappointed .
1	the employees did not seem to care and had no sense to work faster .
0	no way .
1	these women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs .
0	sadly i can not support a business that provides such poor service .
1	rude employees and told me i was n't allowed to order from them again .
0	she admitted it was she who answered yet refused to accommodate her mistake .
1	he was the rudest , most ignorant employee i encountered in the entire airport .
0	the waiter said she only comes to town twice a year .
1	other than the employees , there were no other patrons .
0	avoid !
1	the employees are rude , the selection is terrible and the store is dirty .
0	this place does n't do it for me at all .
1	i 've been in there twice and the employees were rude , both times .
0	when the salad arrived , it did not look like the picture .
1	employees are unbelievably rude most of the time .
0	it 's not .
1	the employee asked me if i wanted additional services after i already said no .
0	they do n't know how to do business .
1	a couple other employees walked by but seemed to act too busy to assist .
0	this is not italian food - it 's pittsburgh italian food .
1	the employee did not take the smelly blanket away .
0	luckily , it was n't an issue for me to move .
1	i did n't find the employees friendly or helpful at all .
0	more frustrating than conversations with the wall .
1	someone please teach the employees here how to better scrub the toilets .
0	for starters , the place is sorely outdated .
1	the employees could have cared less as well .
0	i do n't even know where to begin .
1	the employees seem nice and all but i have never seen service so slow .
0	there were only two orders ahead of me , utterly ridiculous .
1	the employees could care less if your there however .
0	`` hello , sir .
1	i flag down the next passing employee , who happens to be the manager .
0	def not worth the wait .
1	yes it 's true greyhound really needs to train their employees higher customer satisfaction .
0	still , would not recommend .
1	i looked at the employee and she just shrugged .
0	i got tired of spending _num_ minutes of my lunch break waiting in line .
1	the store had at least _num_ employees standing around and talking with each other .
0	these people are the worst .
1	the employees and jewelry itself saved this review from being a _num_ star .
0	i interacted with staff to get help with a machine that was n't working .
1	the male employee said `` whatever '' and walked away .
0	- mushroom pasta : again quite rich and salty .
1	i guess they fake it less well than employees at other stores .
0	they both said they were pretty good , if not a little dry .
1	most of the counter employees are rude or cold and not helpful .
0	i dropped them off while i parked the car .
1	i also came in many times before and the employees never helped me .
0	clearly , they do n't need my business .
1	now , though , there are new employees and unfair practices .
0	by `` multiple times '' i mean _num_ or _num_ times .
1	do you really need _num_ bk employees standing around doing nothing ?
0	i stopped by here this past thursday night with three others for dinner .
1	i am not sure if this was due to new employees or management .
0	the front desk girls were not friendly or helpful as well .
1	all the old employees have left and the prices have been raised .
0	i guess i expected fabulous -- but everything was just good , nothing spectacular .
1	all the other employees were very helpful .
0	unfortunately , this is the only game in town .
1	it was super busy and only _num_ employees were making food .
0	i was thinking he would have stopped but did n't oh well .
1	i grab another employee .
0	the lobster bisque was bland and cold .
1	employees would much rather carry inappropriate conversations for the work place than assist .
0	ordered crab cakes , they were dry and the crab tasted old as well .
1	she ( the employee ) left without paying her tab .
0	my latte was n't bad ... was n't anything special either .
1	but the employee culture is greatly lacking .
0	typical diner look and menu .
1	not the same friendly employees and quality is lacking .
0	wo n't be returning .
1	their were only _num_ employees , and were very under staffed .
0	time warner cable is the worst !
1	go figure that the employees do n't even like the pizza .
0	cant rate the food cause i have n't received any .
1	it is dirty and the employees are lazy and exceptionally slow .
0	my simple question was : do you price match to you own website ?
1	so lazy employees decide to take off early .
0	i was so excited to get all you can eat crab legs !
1	and the employees are rude .
0	so i have no gripe with the tailoring itself .
1	attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this `` employee . ''
0	cons : extremely inconsistent room cleaning service !
1	terrible terrible employees , worst customer service i 've received in a while .
0	soda is watered down and gross .
1	rude employees , avoid the store like the plague !
0	i was not impressed at all .
1	there was also a new employee which could have added to this .
0	i mean , we went here thinking we would get a good value .
1	talk to several employees and no one seem to know what was going on .
0	i 've basically been told i 'm not getting my security deposit back .
1	i see some obvious pride lost in the owners and employees alike .
0	my water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it .
1	employee kind of got defensive when i called him on his lack of professionalism .
0	i ordered food that i believed was gluten free .
1	employees .
0	the okra and tomatoes were alright .
1	it seemed like every single employee was around _num_ years old .
0	my boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich , which he loved .
1	unfortunately , her employees have the worst bedside manner i 've ever dealt with .
0	they did n't even get their drinks .
1	do the employee 's working here know how to stock the shelves ?
0	we went for a second opinion elsewhere and i 'm glad we did .
1	especially multiple employees , hostesses , waitresses , and bus boys .
0	i do n't have that problem at other arby 's .
1	employees are late opening ... really ... it 's a mess .
0	this place offers really poor service .
1	the employees are rude .
0	not worth your money .
1	employee nick looks at me .
0	horrible customer service !
1	this bk needs better management and training for the employees .
0	sorry just had my first taste of pierogies plus .
1	my big issue is that the employees stand directly outside and smoke .
0	i will not return to new china .
1	employees watching reality tv during business hours really puts me off .
0	i hardly ever send food back or complain but this was really bad .
1	this place needs at least two more employees , and better customer service .
0	both experiences have been terrible .
1	the employees were awful , rude , slow and not caring about a thing .
0	tried their philly cheese steak .
1	employees forgot to place order and all the could do was say sorry .
0	fyi - prices are scheduled to go up jan _num_ _num_ .
1	employees here do n't seem to care .
0	so very rude .
1	although the place was full , i counted seven employees , including a manager .
0	rolls small lacking substance .
1	_num_ employees confirmed no more waters in back .
0	this place sucks .
1	food is poorly made , employees are rude , and service is slow .
0	on multiple occasions in the past , i have ordered hoagies from ron 's .
1	rude and unhelpful employees .
0	worse customer service ever .
1	another employee tried to help me fix it and screwed that up too .
0	we 've been going through the same problems for years now .
1	employees avoid you instead of helping you find what you are looking for .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	a friendly restaurant employee is the exception to the rule at cajun queen .
0	unsatisfied customer !
1	worst interaction with any employee ever .
0	i closed the door and she walked away .
1	i looked over the menu before entering and _num_ employees offered assistance .
0	it was a horrible experience .
1	thankfully , the bk employee continued to give me my cup of coffee .
0	bad service , bland food .
1	employees are slow .
0	i replied `` no , you never served me any . ''
1	the kitchen and especially the employees need attitude and training lessons .
0	their food is gross and i 've seen nice running around in there .
1	not just one but two employees .
0	_num_ . )
1	employees too concerned with chatting behind the counter other than offering to help you .
0	the food was awful .
1	the employee working there stated the uniform would be ready the following thursday .
0	she received neither .
1	if i was the owner of this shop i would fire that employee immediately .
0	their service was horrible and i would never go to any rock bottom !
1	i did notice that there were two employees present and one customer , me .
0	this pizza is not good .
1	the store needs a major overhaul and some employees who care .
0	unless you 're a local do n't go in there .
1	the owner does not care about his employees or customers .
0	no problem , we were seated right away .
1	i guess the service is only nice with select employees at that store .
0	it is definitely not _num_ days free with no questioned asked .
1	i asked an employee for help ; he sent me to the geek squad .
0	the guys here were borderline rude to me when i dropped my car off .
1	the branch was empty with the exception of a few employees .
0	thumbs down !
1	one of the male employees , sunny , is rude and incompetent .
0	i was not even acknowledged .
1	manager was busy chatting with employees .
0	they offered me nothing .
1	the employees here need some serious training .
0	they could n't tell us when we would be seated .
1	you 'll be disappointed with the lack of respect the employees give you .
0	the aisles feel more narrow than they should be for a store this size .
1	your employee was rude and tried to charge more to a customer .
0	it was runny and bland .
1	this is supposed to be highly inappropriate for their employees to do .
0	no desk type chair .
1	they are difficult to work with , the employees hardly know anything about finance .
0	the sweet and sour chicken looked like drops of hard , fried batter .
1	now i can see why the employee was so confused .
0	only because i live nearby .
1	neither of these companies care about their employees and is a complete joke .
0	both were not unique in flavor or presentation .
1	there was a long line and only one employee at the checkout .
0	why is n't this practice illegal ?
1	the management there has some integrity requirements when they hire employees .
0	i probably would n't go back .
1	sprint and their employees are useless .
0	the food was ok , but nothing special .
1	there will be _num_ or more employees standing around doing nothing .
0	the drinks took forever , i had something floating in my wine .
1	there were several other employees that looked at the bag and said nothing .
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back .
1	employees are rude and mostly brain dead at this store .
0	he did nothing to compensate us for the long wait .
1	the employees do n't care about their job .
0	they have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly !
1	very slow service with employees who seem to hate their jobs .
0	it was my last time , i will ever stop again .
1	customers were staring , the employees did nothing .
0	guess the men at olive or twist only like men .
1	employees behind the counter would disappear for _num_ , _num_ minutes with no explanation .
0	no thanks .
1	i put up with the rude employees and dirty store because of this .
0	so pissed !
1	when we finally got off after your employees gave zero communication .
0	food was ok , nothing much to speak of .
1	rude employees .
0	do n't bother with delivery here .
1	do you really trust your dogs with these employees ?
0	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
1	very rude and the managers seem to treat their employees with no respect .
0	_num_ minutes later we had still not been acknowledged .
1	there were employees walking around but no one was putting things on shelves .
0	huge line at mad mex on friday night , none here .
1	the manager was also talking with the employees in a loud and inappropriate way .
0	there are better restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	keep your over priced crap and your fake ass employees !
0	it 'll never dry !
1	i would for sure give this place and their employees a negative rating .
0	szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
1	lazy employees .
0	ok , no big deal .
1	very unprofessional and rude employees .
0	parking is atrocious .
1	all the employees look like they are on drugs and not caring about anything .
0	i stand by my decision : pass .
1	a company should not have employees that scream at customers .
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	great pizza and wings but some of the employees are rude .
0	even the home fries where spicy .
1	all the employees were extremely rude and seemed to hate their jobs .
0	papa j 's is no longer the only game in town .
1	employees lack personality .
0	not recommend .
1	there was a ton of employees working and service was still slow .
0	horrible , horrible company .
1	none of the employees are helpful nor friendly .
0	please do not give them business .
1	the employees are not interested in helping customers .
0	my lunch companion had roast beef and regretted ordering anything .
1	if only they could train their employees better .
0	upon receipt she told the manager she could n't see clearly .
1	personnel hygiene is non existent for the apple employees .
0	what turns me off a bit , it always seems dirty .
1	the employees were extremely rude , the food is overpriced and mediocre .
0	but they do n't even seem to have subs .
1	she 's the most dishonest employee ever .
0	it 's ... just ... not that good .
1	the employees , by and large , could care less about customer service .
0	it was horrible .
1	the employees were just standing around and place had _num_ other customer .
0	had to call off it was just to cold out !
1	good store - rude owners and employees .
0	anyway , do n't try to eat here .
1	the employees inside had no idea that there was an order matching our number .
0	they topped off my coolant for free and changed my oil .
1	they other employee was doing i do n't know what .
0	avoid this place .
1	every mcdonalds has employees that hate their job , but never show it .
0	so now i have a very sick kitten on my hands .
1	too many employees behind the main counter not doing anything .
0	confused !
1	i would return only if i could guarantee an appointment with the adult employees .
0	very bad purchase experience .
1	the employees act like they 're the only restaurant in town .
0	the waitress was slow getting around to us .
1	there are _num_ employees standing at the counter .
0	the biggest problem ?
1	i was surrounded by really weird employees running around in a state of chaos .
0	but she said no , we absolutely could not order ice cream separately .
1	owner yelling at employees in front of customers !
0	gnocchi and duck ragu was what i ordered .
1	or , the management staff just made and employee lie to customers .
0	$ _num_ down the drain .
1	i did n't even recognize any of the former employees .
0	i 'm too annoyed right now to make any funny comments .
1	the employee then replied , `` well , we do n't do that here .
0	the service was terrible .
1	i will not be visiting this store again due to employee 's .
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
1	some of the employees do n't pay attention .
0	in total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food .
1	_num_ people waiting for service at the bakery but only a single employee serving .
0	it is difficult to get under my skin .
1	i ended up buying the flat iron thanks to the help of the employee .
0	- chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool .
1	the food was dry and the employees horrible !
0	not measured correctly - very angry !
1	poor attitude by employee .
0	avoid this place even if free .
1	reason why i hate writing bad reviews , well they have some great employees .
0	disgusting !
1	the employee always look over work and seem to not enjoy being there .
0	the only seasoning available are salt , pepper , hot sauce , & ketchup .
1	i walk to the employee area he went to and waited .
0	me : `` please may i just have my beer ? ''
1	staff was not good and very unprofessional looking employees .
0	last night the service was especially lackluster .
1	the only employee i could see in the entire restaurant was the bartender !
0	thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back .
1	they both have more responsible employees & managers that care .
