0	how sad is this so not happy .
1	i will never return to this establishment .
0	better deals and better food at a mall food court .
1	this is the last time i visit this establishment .
0	my second room : same line , 3rd floor , also accessible .
1	worst management ever if this is the face of your establishment !
0	ordered crab cakes , they were dry and the crab tasted old as well .
1	the only reason we tried this establishment is because my wife wanted a salad .
0	the first thing i ordered was a bowl of lemongrass soup .
1	i will no longer visit this establishment .
0	will not go back there , ever !
1	i wo n't be frequenting this establishment any time soon .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	my husband and i went to the ahwatukee establishment using the living social voucher .
0	like , i was shocked by how much it tasted like nothing .
1	went to this establishment once after it reopened .
0	in short , i do not believe we will be dining here again .
1	i fail to see the professionalism that one would associate with such an establishment .
0	this giant eagle market district is garbage .
1	first - the water at this establishment is disgusting .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	i will not be returning to this establishment ever again .
0	we quickly found out why .
1	i hopes he moves onto a better establishment where he will earn more money !
0	went to easter brunch , was served some coffee from a can .
1	stay away , chinese food is not rocket science , this establishment is awful .
0	what will be done with the empty space that is the question ?
1	that a person so rude could possibly work at this very nice establishment .
0	tried a variety of foods & none have been particularly good .
1	i have never been treated so poorly by an establishment in my entire life .
0	i would n't recommend this place .
1	i will never step foot in this establishment again .
0	i will not go back until they clean up the place .
1	this is obviously not a child friendly establishment and we were not welcome there .
0	want to sit in the bar area ?
1	i do n't understand what type of establishment they are trying to run here !
0	our garlic bread came out literally black .
1	terrible establishment with terrible values as a business .
0	this was my second visit and alas , my last .
1	is n't the point of your establishment is to enjoy food and drinks ?
0	given the relative quick delivery , it was on the cold side upon arrival .
1	i will not spend another dime in this establishment .
0	the next time i returned , i made an appointment with a different stylist .
1	i can see that customer service is not a priority in this establishment .
0	the bill .
1	its not like i just spent over _num_ bucks at your establishment or anything .
0	the egg roll 's did n't even have shrimp in them .
1	i past here daily and will never patronize this establishment again .
0	i have never been treated that way with any owner of a business .
1	i ca n't believe this establishment allows this treatment .
0	but the reason i went was to try the lobster raviolis .
1	we do not patronize establishments that do n't play by the rules .
0	the pizza was simply ok .
1	horrible horrible establishment .
0	the river view from the deck was nice , but the smokers were not .
1	will not spend another dime at this establishment !
0	i 'm not even sure where to start .
1	what kind of money establishment is this ?
0	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
1	do not , i repeat , do not visit this establishment .
0	it was so dirty i could barley contain myself .
1	the new ownership at this establishment is no good .
0	a white , boring , incredibly small plate .
1	i do n't know where to begin with my issues with this establishment .
0	mortified by this , my wife and i quickly finished and left .
1	we will never patronize this establishment again .
0	not a medium .
1	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
0	try panera bread across the street .
1	drove out of our way to visit this establishment .
0	when we did finally get our food , it was ice cold .
1	this is not an honest establishment , nor do they do good work .
0	... can you call back later , i 'm really busy . ''
1	we felt we were being rushed out of the establishment .
0	the frozen carmel coffee drink was much better than fruit smoothie .
1	i am never setting foot in this establishment again .
0	target reminds me of hills when i was a kid .
1	i literally just walked out of the establishment .
0	prices were not listed on that daily special menu sheet either .
1	it is very clear that this establishment does n't !
0	thankfully , our later stops were much better .
1	i will not return and suggest not dining at this establishment .
0	i wish i did n't have to give even _num_ star .
1	i dropped off _num_ shirts at this establishment just before thanksgiving .
0	no apology or explanation , just a bad attitude .
1	it 's almost as if this is a bare bones establishment .
0	we paid for drinks and left our sever a gracious tip .
1	i wo n't patronize this establishment again until probably july .
0	and beware of the prices : what 's on the website is wrong .
1	go to another outback establishment , not this location .
0	false advertising at its best -- should n't that be illegal ?
1	i do n't do karaoke so that side of the establishment might be okay .
0	but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
1	went there to party , fun , but the establishment itself sucks .
0	the bartenders attitude were like `` we r annoyed cause we r there '' .
1	it 's the typical food that you would get from any other equal establishment .
0	_num_ .
1	this is the last time i try this unclean and rude establishment .
0	service was okay not the greatest but not the worst either .
1	at that point i just left the establishment .
0	for me , eating at tessaro 's is like eating a costco hotdog .
1	the absolute worse haircut i 've had at this establishment .
0	not measured correctly - very angry !
1	no member of my family will ever step foot near this establishment again .
0	i was mostly wrong .
1	there are load of other upscale establishments in charlotte that get it done .
0	service was indifferent .
1	the waitress was awesome and deserves to work at a better establishment .
0	the food that was delivered to us was simply inedible .
1	so needless to say we will not be returning back to this establishment ever !
0	soooo disappointing !
1	i will not return to this establishment again when in the area for business .
0	this pizza hut is not a top choice , but ok in a pinch .
1	i ca n't begin to express my disappointment in your establishment .
0	we may have waited _num_ minutes before our table was ready .
1	another sign and another good reason to avoid this establishment .
0	they are completely mean and disrespectful .
1	absolutely the worst experience i 've ever had at an auto establishment .
0	when we finally got the pizza , it was not hot .
1	yes it 's a gym but class is required in any establishment .
0	unfortunately for olive or twist , the visit would probably be our last .
1	i guess this establishment has changed for the worst .
0	oh , pat buses , why ca n't i quit you ?
1	however , i will not be getting lenses from this establishment again .
0	terrible customer service and it was my birthday .
1	we will never return to this establishment for a meal again .
0	it 's hard to beat the atmosphere of this place in the summer .
1	i will never spend another dollar in that establishment .
0	is n't that what they 're supposed to do ?
1	i 'm not going to lie this establishment has good food .
0	however , the food and service is sub par .
1	this establishment is by far a complete mistake .
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	usual service was good for the establishment .
0	menu is very basic .
1	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
0	extremely disappointed .
1	i do n't want anyone else wasting their money at this establishment .
0	but rather good could n't complain .
1	but it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment .
0	although there were some highlights , there were plenty of negatives to counter them .
1	for a eating establishment i should write about the food but i could n't .
0	i tried the seared ahi tuna .
1	horrible establishment poor excuse for a hospital .
0	she should probably get fired .
1	there are plenty of better establishments for drinks and appetizers .
0	something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad .
1	this establishment lacks the customer service i require as a result of sub-par management .
0	their salads and breadsticks are the only real reason to go there anymore ... !
1	will definitely not be recommending this establishment to anyone .
0	pricey and does n't live up to it at all .
1	honestly , i expected more from this establishment .
0	not bad , a little tasteless , but why bother ?
1	i will save my money for an establishment that treats me like a person .
0	big league cities need big league transportation .
1	we just walked out of this establishment after waiting _num_ minutes for service .
0	that is the last money i will spend in that place .
1	our new years resolution is to not dine at this establishment anymore .
0	neither of us had cash on us , ( umm ... sorry ? )
1	so very disappointed in this establishment .
0	my guess is that it was that suspect sauce you put on that sandwich .
1	not even worth _num_ star , will not return to this establishment .
0	one did n't even look up from the computer .
1	it 's not a good establishment and certainly did n't meet my standards .
0	i will not be returning .
1	never again will i return to this establishment !
0	the drive-thru workers are rude and they give you crap food .
1	i mean , what sushi establishment does that ?
0	they changed it without notice , i 'm a little bitter .
1	first time having a bad experience at this establishment .
0	they already had my money , so why be courteous now ?
1	avoid this dirty horrible establishment at all costs !
0	i really do n't get the hype as the food was average at best .
1	will not be returning to this establishment !
0	the bartender looked at us but kept pouring drinks ( rude ! )
1	no stars for this establishment .
0	the toast was good , but i was too full to keep eating .
1	not a terrible dining experience , but certainly not an upper tier establishment .
0	i disliked the cold cheese and cold pepperoni on so so crust .
1	excuse me for wanting to try your establishment .
0	big corporate america places only get one shot w us .
1	my wife and i have been ordering food from this establishment for years .
0	worst experience .
1	round _num_ and the last round for me at this joke of an establishment .
0	can you say awkward ?
1	i doubt ill ever return to this establishment .
0	however , food wise , it was just ok and a bit disappointing .
1	very unorganized establishment .
0	the fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor .
1	this is a horrible establishment !
0	i am a big fan of olive garden but not this one .
1	great establishment but horrible waitress we will not be back .
0	bored , bored , bored , bored , bored .
1	they are not a clean establishment !
0	but for those considering a long distance purchase , just beware a bit .
1	poor management equals poor service and poor work ethic through out the establishment .
0	mine was not very cold and his pour was light .
1	the absolute worse service i have ever received in a food establishment .
0	days passed and no call .
1	i will not patronize this establishment again .
0	i had two dogs , fries , and a coke for lunch .
1	and it 's an asian ( filipino ) establishment .
0	none of that .
1	do not ever step into this establishment if you are not a white conservative .
0	lidia 's is an upscale olive garden with slightly better wine list .
1	f this establishment and the idiot that answered the phone .
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	i would have much rather spent it at a nice steak or seafood establishment .
0	days old , cold , hard , inedible .
1	needless to say , we will not be returning to this establishment .
0	starbucks is not the right one for me .
1	pass the word do n't go to this establishment .
0	the waitress just was too young and inexperienced .
1	i visited this establishment for a take out pizza experience .
0	he tried to `` screw '' me over .
1	i doubt this old establishment will stay in business .
0	and at least i put my cart back .
1	i 'm so disappointed in this establishment .
0	horrible , horrible company .
1	i will never go back into this establishment again .
0	last week , i got a large and went back for more .
1	establishment ran out of gloves and employees were handling food with bare hands .
0	i just do n't know how a business in _num_ can operate this way .
1	i honestly can not see giving this establishment a rating higher than a _num_ .
0	it was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing .
1	yelp and the restaurant itself states that this establishment is open until _num_ pm .
0	owner is a terrible terrible person .
1	we will never step foot into this establishment again !
0	it 's almost been _num_ hours and i 'm still waiting .
1	i 'm really disappointed on my visit to this great tasting sushi establishment .
0	poor customer service and they were rude .
1	if i were the establishment owners , i 'd get rid of em .
0	it was so underwhelming .
1	this is a typical scottsdale establishment .
0	this was not in the lease .
1	this establishment has no regard for the well being of its patrons .
0	_num_ .
1	warning : the establishment itself is a oven !
0	update : _num_ hours later and still feel sick from this meal .
1	one of the most disorganized establishments i 've ever had to deal with .
0	did not taste like hibachi at all .
1	myself & family had horrible experience at this establishment .
0	they did not have many items .
1	no plans of every returning to this disappointing establishment .
0	the spring rolls were good and the dipping sauce was ok , nothing special .
1	this does n't say much considering my coworkers love for strange underwhelming establishments .
0	i will not be going back .
1	i do not suggest supporting this establishment .
0	purchased two suits and other items for my son , spending over $ _num_ .
1	either way , no establishment should be run like this .
0	the service was poor .
1	this was my first and last experience with this establishment .
0	honesty today must have been forgotten .
1	dishonest dealers , stay away from this establishment like the plague .
0	they do not take pride in their work .
1	absolutely waste of time & space is this establishment .
0	i was encouraged when we walked in and saw individual tvs on each table .
1	stay far away from this establishment !
0	i have eaten here several times & always find it disappointing .
1	please do n't let this great establishment go to the dogs .
0	our server , was friendly .
1	worst service i have ever had from any pizza establishment .
0	the employees were awful , rude , slow and not caring about a thing .
1	even so , i 've lost my faith in this establishment .
0	change management and has gone down hill .
1	i would not recommend this establishment to anyone .
0	just awful customer service .
1	i doubt that we will revisit that establishment anytime soon .
0	food is limited and all fried , that 's not a good thing either .
1	otherwise this establishment would have totally received one star for the sub par visit .
0	the hollandaise sauce was sour and had a horrible vinegar taste to it .
1	this establishment is poorly managed .
0	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
1	_num_ stars - i would not recommend this establishment to friends or family .
0	ok then , how about i just have a diet pop .
1	spending over $ _num_ at an establishment deserves at least a little customer assistance .
0	the food was underwhelming at best .
1	it will be a long time before we visit this establishment again .
0	we were ignored until i grabbed a table in the back .
1	if this establishment were to be in any other city they would be closed .
0	this is not only a bad business practice but it is illegal and fraud .
1	i highly suggest anyone reading this go to a different establishment .
0	so i contacted this bakery for a wedding cake approximately _num_ months in advance .
1	it was my first and my last visit to this establishment .
0	not a spot of pink to be found .
1	walked into the smallest waiting area i 've ever seen in a sit-down establishment .
0	i was presented with ... an empty plate .
1	we will not return in your establishment .
0	the karaoke host was just lame .
1	so from the reviews i went to this sorry establishment .
0	world .
1	i wish this establishment well but you missed the mark with people like me .
0	only good thing about this place was my company .
1	i was not impressed with this establishment .
0	they are rude .
1	giant eagle should be ashamed of this establishment .
0	the manicure was very quick and not at all thorough .
1	obviously , if you choose to patronize this establishment , pay cash .
0	i ordered smoked pork chops , home fries and green beans .
1	what a poorly ran establishment .
0	for a sandwich advertised to have delicious bacon , this fell way short .
1	i 've been a patron of this establishment since i was a young child .
0	overall the food was hit or miss .
1	there are too many establishments on bell to choose from .
0	but this place is downright disgusting .
1	i have never seen so much turn over in an establishment .
0	my bill : $ _num_ .
1	we refuse to spend our money at an establishment like this .
0	never going back .
1	but a few bad eggs can bring an entire establishment down .
0	staff was supposed to help with a reservation and dropped the ball .
1	my visit to this establishment was n't pleasant .
0	my biggest complaint is pricing .
1	it is absolutely my opinion that they are a dishonest establishment .
0	it seems ridiculous , actually .
1	more like _num_ stars for this establishment .
0	wo n't be back .
1	either way , ive had much better gyro from other establishments .
0	do n't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes .
1	the layout of the establishment is also really weird .
0	when i walked in the place was empty .
1	-the customer service is lacking , although this is expected from an asian establishment .
0	only complaint was that the cheeses were served too cold to fully appreciate them .
1	we were not treated as we expected in such an establishment .
0	do n't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies .
1	after going to this establishment for _num_ years it has officially hit rock bottom .
0	you 'll have a much nicer experience .
1	i would not suggest this establishment to anyone .
0	now it 's just crap .
1	the staff including the manager are very rude and the entire establishment was filthy .
0	it does n't feel fair .
1	i would not visit this establishment again !
0	it happens !
1	i was just at this establishment ( at approx .
0	good food but this is ridiculous .
1	or previous experiences had is enjoying this establishment , but not this time .
0	as i said above : it 's worse than the bureau of motor vehicles .
1	so less a gripe about the establishment which is old and unsafe .
0	however it was unprofessional of our waitress to pass buck .
1	but quality steaks can be eaten at much better priced establishments .
0	the table they sat us at , smelled so badly !
1	not the cleanest establishment .
0	it was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots .
1	i will not ever step foot in the establishment again .
0	conference rooms were poorly set-up , freezing cold , and loud !
1	more like a `` no star '' rating for this establishment .
0	no dice .
1	if i was the gm of the establishment , well i would be embarrassed !
0	the mozzarella was unremarkable , deep friend mozzarella in breading .
1	the women answering the phones at this establishment should be fired .
0	not so much at uptown charlotte .
1	do not take your vehicle to this establishment .
0	too big , almost .
1	i was overall unhappy with the service and the food at this establishment .
0	it was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice !
1	basically , do n't honor this establishment with your business .
0	i end up picking half of my sandwich apart .
1	i lost patience and left this establishment .
0	the fourth got his about _num_ minutes later and his food was terrible .
1	to be fair i can not speak on any other dr in this establishment .
0	nothing really special & not worthy of the $ _num_ price tag .
1	i will not be returning to this establishment .
0	the burger was so-so with little flavor , which was very disappointing .
1	i have never been to a less taken care of establishment .
0	as for my mushroom and cheese omelette , the cheese was lacking .
1	we left and went to another establishment to finish our evening .
0	if you are in the aaa , you 'll know i 'm calling .
1	needless to say i will never patronize this establishment ever again .
0	_num_ .
1	absolutely ridiculous establishment .
0	pay more elsewhere for better quality .
1	establishment was not busy at all , decided to seat ourselves at the bar .
0	it was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries .
1	they will never see me in this establishment again .
0	horrible experience .
1	told me other establishments do n't install this part .
0	from horrible service to terrible seafood ... would never return .
1	i called _num_ different establishments .
0	could n't remember anything .
1	i will not recommend this establishment in the future .
0	these women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs .
1	it is a cash only establishment and the staff was very rude .
0	the worst thing about this place is also sam .
1	i will not be returning to this establishment anytime soon .
0	terrible customer service , disrespectful in fact .
1	yes , i am going to make a direct comparison between these two establishments .
0	colors and decor seem boring and out of style .
1	i have been going to this taco bell establishment for almost _num_ years .
0	so it was no discount at all .
1	on the way to a much nicer and hospitable establishment .
0	it took _num_ 1/2 months for my office furniture to arrive .
1	will not return or recommend anyone else visits this establishment .
0	this is my third grocery store stop of the day .
1	i had the worst service with management at this establishment .
0	sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
1	watch out people because this establishment fails to give you the proper care !
0	i gave her a call and she did n't pick up .
1	we 've been loyal customers to this establishment for a long time .
0	one year after they cut that route after being there over _num_ years .
1	i agree with most $ _num_ is minimal compared to other establishments .
