0	disappointed .
1	these rooms are not what i expect for this price .
0	our waitress had n't stopped by our table in a long time .
1	the food was nothing i expected from an italian upscale rest .
0	i had a bite of a chocolate torte , and was very impressed .
1	just terrible overall , but what do you expect , it was $ _num_ .
0	even with this voucher i feel like i paid too much money .
1	burnt almond torte is not as good as i expected .
0	the breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable .
1	do n't go here unless you 're expected to be treated rudely .
0	however , every times i drive thru pittsburgh , i always stopped here .
1	last nights visit to buca was less than i expect from this restaurant .
0	our main dishes were equally mediocre .
1	i dunno if i was expecting too much but this certainly did not deliver .
0	the meat was extremely bland , with very little seasoning .
1	his salad had no issues so all in all it was what we expected .
0	this particular location is horrible .
1	as expected from the response , it was mediocre .
0	not worth the price .
1	i went not expecting much and left feeling lucky i was alive .
0	final verdict : most mediocre wings in town !
1	service and long waits are to be expected here .
0	i wan na love bar louie , i do .
1	$ _num_ bill for four -- sorry i expect much better service !
0	the first half dragged .
1	the drive through wait was longer than i had expected but not the worst .
0	and everything is ala carte !
1	not what we were expecting ... with a $ _num_ bill .
0	i had the same problem on my laptop , ipad and iphone .
1	just do n't expect fantastic korean bbq .
0	the crab cake sandwich is well prepared but from rotten crab .
1	this was very disappointing and i expected better from a national chain .
0	but this was nasty .
1	food on the other hand was not quality that we expected .
0	she did not greet me as i opened the door .
1	i 'm not expecting gourmet food here .
0	chili 's can cook a better steak than them .
1	i would have expect better quality of food for a _num_ star restaurant .
0	not worth wasting your time .
1	not the kind of experience i expected of a place geared to all ages .
0	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
1	i guess i expected fabulous -- but everything was just good , nothing spectacular .
0	$ _num_ for wedding soup ?
1	mistakes happen , but i would have expected a better attempt at customer satisfaction .
0	would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
1	am i wrong to expect restaurants to actually prepare food from scratch ?
0	literally disgusting .
1	the prices were very affordable so i did n't expect anything heavenly .
0	they would n't even give us a couple minutes to settle our child down .
1	pizza crust was very thin and not what i was expecting .
0	these folks are not honest and just want you out of there quickly .
1	obviously , the facility expected us to buy drinks while we waited .
0	i was not impressed with the atmosphere of the salons either .
1	pay $ _num_ dollars for cover and expect a complete waste of your money .
0	price does n't matter to me at all , though .
1	medium cup of tomato soup : $ _num_ do n't expect a roll .
0	the beef turns out to be $ _num_ .
1	for the prices they charge i expect more .
0	people are rude there as well .
1	mushrooms were fresh but for an $ _num_ pizza i was expecting better .
0	for my entree , i tried the lasagna recommended by the waiter .
1	this caused so much hassle because i didnt expect they demand such a thing .
0	the cheese is almost too much .
1	i would n't go here expecting too much .
0	my main issue is that i did not receive what i paid for .
1	when you charge $ _num_ for delivery i 'd expect some level of professionalism .
0	it looked like baked chicken that was dried out .
1	but i was n't expecting to be grossed out .
0	do not take your car to midas !
1	but i have expected my car to be broken into in the morning .
0	this has only been my 2nd time at a red lobster ever .
1	this place was not what i expected .
0	for how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends .
1	for burgers that cost around $ _num_ , i would expect a lot more .
0	what a terrible manager !
1	do n't expect fresh food .
0	weak leadership .
1	aj 's fine foods did not deliver the quality that i was expecting .
0	5:30 on a saturday and only two other tables were occupied .
1	ridiculous , especially if they were expecting us to be there .
0	attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this `` employee . ''
1	if you are expecting a great meal , go elsewhere .
0	note that risotto , the only entree with a price , is $ _num_ .
1	for being as expensive as they are you would expect a better quality .
0	i would never come back .
1	i expected more from phoenix ( i do n't know why ) .
0	i was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat .
1	do n't expect great results no matter how much money you spend .
0	but the situation inside is fairly ridiculous .
1	for $ _num_ i expected so expected something a lot better .
0	the shop is n't that great anyway .
1	for the money we spent there i expected better service .
0	there was nothing really special about the food .
1	for a store the size of giant eagle , i expect more .
0	do n't bother with delivery here .
1	for these prices expected a lot better experience .
0	that 's probably how they got so sick !
1	do n't expect any help when things get ruined .
0	we would be paying several hundred dollars to get the doors installed .
1	breadsticks and salad came out like expected .
0	their food , service , and hours are inconsistent .
1	the customer service is non-existent , do n't expect to be greeted .
0	if you are under _num_ you must be accompanied by a _num_ year old .
1	it just was n't `` smooth '' sounding as you would expect .
0	but for the sushi - forget it .
1	for over $ _num_ you expect something more than a soggy grocery store bun .
0	really sad about this one .
1	do n't expect exceptional service & you wo n't be disappointed .
0	i get there and the total is over $ _num_ !
1	for $ _num_ i was expecting something not quite so gross .
0	... no wonder .
1	i was expecting something stellar , and i feel rather let down .
0	did not want to buy another mattress online .
1	generic , but what else do you expect from most downtown businesses .
0	they will ruin your car .
1	for $ _num_ i would have expected more .
0	the drinks were n't anything special either .
1	just do n't go here and expect a nice big meal .
0	however they ( waitresses ) were nice and apologetic .
1	for the price i would expect better food ... much better food .
0	anything will taste better drenched in gravy .
1	considering the prices , i expected more .
0	too bad .
1	everything else is what you would expect from an older covered basketball stadium .
0	all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
1	place was your average bar an grill with basic food you would expect .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	i know , i should n't expect much on cajun food in phoenix .
0	we had reservations for _num_ people at 7pm this past saturday .
1	expect to leave hungry .
0	i did not have internet for about a month .
1	they did for free thankfully , did not expect that from apple .
0	some rude nasty woman answers the phone !
1	i really did not expect the food to be so bad .
0	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
1	i expected to wait _num_ hours so technically they were early !
0	it is not daily normal , ordinary dirt .
1	there was n't a good steak flavor as i 'd expect from a restaurant .
0	really bad .
1	just dont expect anything amazing .
0	the steak was ice cold .
1	i wasnt expecting whole foods , but really , whats the point ?
0	going through aaa is a bit worse than your average dmv .
1	i was expecting $ _num_ + $ _num_ salad upgrade .
0	so she asked for a little more from the server .
1	if you want regular ice cream , expect to pay $ _num_ a scoop .
0	he barely spoke and did n't put on any kind of show at all !
1	arrived promptly at 7:30 and the place was very busy , which i expected .
0	this place has the worst service i have ever seen .
1	this place is not at all what i expected it to be .
0	we will not be going back !
1	i 'm not expecting gourmet , either .
0	i also got a _num_ pack that cost _num_ dollars .
1	it was an okay experience - sure was n't what i expected .
0	hands down , this was the worst we 've ever had .
1	the room itself was very basic , which i expected and did not mind .
0	dont like too soft pasta , al dente preferred .
1	do n't expect your server to be pleasant at all .
0	i am giving it a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	i am not sure what they were , but not what i was expecting .
0	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
1	for the price i paid i would have expected a higher quality of care .
0	_num_ .
1	the chicken piccata was flavorful , but not as expected .
0	went in there with friends knowing `` friends '' but everyone was rude .
1	not what i expect and highly disappointed .
0	bland .
1	but a $ _num_ dinner for _num_ i expect more .
0	the service is here so incredibly inconsistent .
1	i want to know what to expect , you know ?
0	i do n't think i have one good thing to say about this place .
1	short rib was good but i expected a bit more juice .
0	the pizza was bland , tasteless .
1	i 'd expect so much better after paying $ _num_ bucks .
0	too bad .
1	i expected at least decent and i was extremely disappointed .
0	_num_ there service is awful , _num_ there prices are awful .
1	it was loud , but expected that on a friday night .
0	this review is for alterations only .
1	do n't expect great performances here , expect a talked up mediocre performance .
0	the prices on the menu do n't seem that bad .
1	cooked just right & crunchy as expected .
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	looking at the prices , i was expecting a more seasonal selection .
0	i ate less than half of the meal and left .
1	after having read the reviews , i was expecting more .
0	we did n't get anything , and that was a little disappointing .
1	do n't expect anything more than cold beer and casual atmosphere .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	this is not the customer service i would expect at a high end jeweler .
0	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
1	am i still expected to keep waiting ?
0	i came in with a flat .
1	seriously , you really expect people to use these pieces of junk ?
0	unfortunately what i got tasted like a canned sauce with minced onions .
1	i do n't expect this rock bottom to be around too much longer .
0	this trip was bad , even for the price .
1	for a dinner that cost more than $ _num_ -- i certainly expected more .
0	some drinks were returned from the bar while some never reached the table .
1	really expected better food after seeing _num_ stars .
0	no sign of italian meat to be found .
1	we went on a sunday and i expected a wait , which was fine .
0	rude .
1	today however the experience was much less than expected .
0	granted , i like to host social events .
1	price was as i expected for a nice looking salon .
0	i gave her a call and she did n't pick up .
1	i was expecting more , so i was disappointed .
0	did n't get our food until after _num_ .
1	tasted as expected but the process to get to it turned me off .
0	horrible customer service !
1	was i expecting too much ?
0	she returned not long after and said she was alright .
1	may be i was expecting too much .
0	avoid !
1	maybe i just expect too much anymore ?
0	mine was just disappointing .
1	really expected more from this place .
0	terribly ran !
1	do n't expect any great eateries .
0	walking into the hotel , it smelled stale .
1	not the type of service i would expect .
0	)
1	came here after a _num_ 1/2 drive expecting the best sandwich i ever had .
0	extremely disappointed , food was absolutely awful .
1	true , this is n't capital grill , nor was i expecting 5-star service .
0	we had dinner tonight and were so disappointed .
1	my experience at this friday 's was not what i was expecting .
0	my boyfriend and i decided to split the platter , which was horrible .
1	at _num_ $ i expected a little more .
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price .
0	we called to make appointments together and the receptionist was rude !
1	do n't go here expecting a nice quiet lunch or dinner .
0	i should have looked or felt it before i left the store .
1	too much to expect at a fast food joint .
0	this place went from awesome to worst after it changed owners .
1	i do n't expect much from any fast food restaurant .
0	she then told me it only comes with cheese .
1	amazingly , worse than i expected .
0	none of this is exaggeration .
1	i was n't expecting philly quality , but this was gross .
0	ugh .
1	this place was way worse than what i expected .
0	but it was not happening at this place !
1	it is dark , so do n't expect to take any good photos .
0	within twenty minutes i started to have symptoms and was sick for two days .
1	the customer service is not what i expected .
0	yep , the food was cold .
1	do n't expect too much .
0	ordered two spicy chicken combos yesterday at around _num_ o'clock .
1	i really did n't know what i was supposed to expect .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	but , for the extremely low price ... what did i expect .
0	this pizza is mediocre at best .
1	just not what i expected with the yelp reviews .
0	he said , `` just grab your registration and come on in . ''
1	this is not the courtyard i was expecting .
0	price : tasty is cheap .
1	at this point , i do n't even expect to get my deposit back .
0	either way , i am not going back to find out .
1	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a lot more flavor .
0	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
1	of course , we expected a small piece of freshly cooked tuna .
0	i ordered food that i believed was gluten free .
1	for about $ _num_ a person i expected so much more .
0	_num_ .
1	so i expected a discounted price given the shared nature .
0	for $ _num_ a person it was terrible .
1	anytime you need anything like a towel or shampoo they expect you to tip .
0	it was so tiny and there was hardly any chicken in it .
1	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a much better piece of meat .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	we were not treated as we expected in such an establishment .
0	no offer of water , or a drink .
1	after the wait i was expecting greatness but this restaurant did not deliver .
0	i will not be staying at this location again .
1	as i expected she was rude throughout the entire transaction .
0	manager embarrassed himself .
1	i really expected it to be better .
0	the same style etc , just a different ring that fit .
1	prices were higher than i would expect for a hole in the wall place .
0	slow .
1	the salad is something i would expect from a lousy fast food place .
0	i do n't understand this either .
1	just really not what i have come to expect .
0	: ( i ordered the salmon cakes which were really hard .
1	it was also fairly small , but that was almost to be expected .
0	why be in the service business if you have a bad attitude ?
1	no word on charging me ... but what should i expect ?
0	_num_ .
1	it was bad , i was expecting nathan 's !
0	stopped in on the fourth of july for evening cocktail and small meal .
1	the buying experience with any dealership , i found it to be as expected .
0	you should always have your car washed , specially in the winter .
1	for $ _num_ i 'd expect a lot more .
0	not worth the time and money to go here .
1	the us airways terminal was packed as usual , i expect no less .
0	after almost an hour of waiting , i still had no pizza .
1	that 's about what i expected , but i 'm still pissed .
0	i will not be returning here for any musical needs .
1	if it is busy expect to be treated poorly .
0	i did n't even know you could go wrong with chicken marsala !
1	my problem here is that i expect better .
0	i paid $ _num_ for shipping .
1	the service was typical of what you would typically expect from such a restaurant .
0	the fish was old and cold and fries were a very soft .
1	i was super hungry and expected something to be comped .
0	very poor service and atmosphere .
1	what i did n't expect was for my order to take _num_ .
0	most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless .
1	for the price too , i expected more .
0	in practice , it 's not very pleasant to go there .
1	some noise is to be expected in apartment life but its absurd here .
0	let alone one that the food is n't even that good .
1	i do n't expect perfection but my dogs deserve better than this .
0	unfortunately , there are only two reviews .
1	was expecting a hilton quality hotel and this was not quite there .
0	totally gross !
1	i expected a nice tangy flavor to compliment the meat but was disappointed .
0	the only dish we liked was the chicken dish .
1	if you go , expect long wait times for basic curry and rice .
0	especially multiple employees , hostesses , waitresses , and bus boys .
1	after the reviews i read , i was expecting a really upscale salon .
0	there is nothing to eat within walking distance .
1	did n't expect much from pizza hut .
0	it reflects poorly on the entire hotel .
1	the pizza is what you expect , nothing better than ok .
0	it came with mashed potatoes which were definitely from a package .
1	still , i expect excellent service from hilton and this location falls far short .
0	the only thing they did n't want to do was flush my brake fluid .
1	i expected bland sushi .
0	avoid this place as all costs .
1	just do n't expect much for a child 's party .
0	as promised , they were ready monday after 5pm .
1	showed up to the ghetto as expected , but the meal was underwhelming .
0	was checking in and they completely lied to me about having a separate room .
1	in summary , i would expect so much more from a hilton property .
0	service was horrible .
1	sometimes i guess expected good customer service is asking for too much .
0	the only thing worse than the food is the service .
1	live up to the customer service standards expected of you !
0	i was livid and called to complain .
1	people would probably tell me that i 'm expecting too much .
0	no bathrooms .
1	had the $ _num_ lunch and it was exactly what i expected .
0	there was only one waitress on for the whole restaurant , upstairs and down .
1	it took longer then i expected for a drive through , no big deal .
0	this is not an exaggeration .
1	guess i was expecting to much , it was okay not great !
0	karen left the color on my hair way too long .
1	i did a surprise visit and what i saw was not what i expected .
0	perhaps next time we 'll just stop by for drinks instead .
1	for an international airport , i would have expected a more luxury feel .
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	for a restaurant that did n't seem busy at all i would expect cleanliness .
0	_num_ .
1	i just expected a nicer meal for that kind of money .
0	we called again and he said that they could n't find our car keys .
1	like i said , i expected more out of this place and left disappointed .
0	food is just ok , grease upon grease .
1	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
0	fairly mediocre , even by the relatively modest standards of home depot .
1	the rose sauce was n't as flavorful as i would expect .
0	all that said , the huge table of _num_ had left .
1	_num_ and diner is a diner , i do n't expect _num_ stars .
0	provolone sticks arrived undercooked , cheese was fully solid , they tasted okay .
1	disappointing : ( i expected more out of pf chang 's .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	i expected to have a paper gown in place for my exam .
0	this used to be one of our favorite restaurants .
1	for the price , i would expect better service .
0	i just felt i was rushed out of there .
1	expected yes , impossible to correct , no .
0	_num_ .
1	i was expecting more since there are so many _num_ star reviews on yelp .
0	as for my mushroom and cheese omelette , the cheese was lacking .
1	yup , just about what i expected from phoenix .
0	and he had a cd setup -- seriously , cds , in _num_ .
1	also , do n't expect a lot of lettuce in your salad .
0	service was mediocre but the food was poor .
1	for a $ _num_ ( overpriced ) pedicure i expected way more .
0	the service is really spotty too .
1	i expect more from professional chefs than chicken sandwiches and steaks .
0	poor service , menu options not available , dirty utensils .
1	not the elegant classic bar i was expecting .
0	tiffany prices with kay jewelers selection .
1	i also was expecting hushpuppies and grits for the price .
0	it tends to bring in the worst of people .
1	i expected a few maintenance issues , but this caught me off guard .
0	$ _num_ bill and it was n't good at all !
1	just awful we 're expected to stand and wait .
0	the drinks took forever , i had something floating in my wine .
1	probably should expect to spend your entire day here .
0	the entrance to this location always smells like spoiled milk .
1	i was n't expecting to have to ever go through this again .
0	service is terrible and wo n't return .
1	do n't expect customer service !
0	_num_ .
1	the cons - its nothing like you 'd expect an embassy suites to be .
