0	very disappointed .
1	what a terrible experience .
0	so cold i would n't even consider hopping in really quick .
1	have never experience such a rude interaction with a car shop .
0	i have been a customer of sesame inn for many , many years .
1	normally , i have had the best experiences there .
0	at one point , they even asked me not to use the shower .
1	so , needless to say , not the best experience .
0	they came out on a sunday which is much appreciated .
1	terrible experience here .
0	rude .
1	this was by far the worst hotel experience i 've ever had .
0	not up to it 's previous brunch standards .
1	what an awful experience .
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	additionally , the experience at the salon left much to be desired .
0	i ordered the pasta trio , and my husband ordered the risotto .
1	unfortunately , went in for lunch today and had a similar experience with service .
0	avoid this place at all costs !
1	one of worst patient experiences .
0	who serves a drink without ice ?
1	actually i will make sure to spread the word of this terrible experience .
0	this place was horrible .
1	from start to finish , the entire evening was a terrible experience .
0	um , hello ... how about an apology for wasting my time ?
1	the costumer service really ruined my experience .
0	the parking lot is miserable .
1	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
0	never again will i deal with these useless morons .
1	we had a disappointing experience with customer service regarding a group reservation .
0	dew & when they brought it out , it was in a can .
1	very little apology from the staff about the horrible experience .
0	have mixed vincent 's .
1	have been to many restaurants but this was my worst experience .
0	this appetizer was recommended and was garbage .
1	the entire experience was certainly below my expectations .
0	not a fan of anything here .
1	we had the worst experience at this place !
0	they are n't rated properly , just easy , medium , or hard .
1	quite possibly the most miserable hotel experience of my life .
0	_num_ .
1	i rarely give bad reviews , but this was a pretty horrible food experience .
0	all in all , very disappointing in our book .
1	the market square location has the most horrible service i 've ever experienced .
0	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
1	that makes me so sad knowing i will never experience that wonderful flavor again .
0	none of us even like onions .
1	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
0	and then just stood there waiting to write my order down .
1	this made my food experience not good .
0	what a disappointment !
1	overall , my experience eating here has been inconsistent .
0	we had reservations , which was good because it was packed that saturday night .
1	we had the same experience when we walked in .
0	the second time , though , was tonight , valentine 's day .
1	overall , the experience was horrible .
0	we lucked out and go on the shuttle over without waiting in the cold .
1	2nd experience , today , equally as awful .
0	we started off with two appetizers : calamari and crab dip .
1	overall experience could have been better , but at least we tried it .
0	my biggest issue was the utter lack of any taste .
1	delivery : horrible experience .
0	she has an attitude and reluctantly made me a new one in _num_ minutes .
1	if i had to use one word to describe my experience : depressing .
0	i was tired , packed bags , and waiting to get to the airport .
1	it was n't a memorable meal or experience .
0	did they think they could get away with it and we would n't notice ?
1	the whole experience was awful and uncomfortable .
0	worst service ever !
1	the whole experience was absolutely ridiculous .
0	store is open until 2:00 .
1	i should have known then that it would be a bad experience .
0	the sub was not one bit better than subway .
1	not a good vegan experience .
0	so the air in tire was wasted time .
1	i had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer .
0	Positive
1	i 'd have to say i was pretty disappointed with my overall experience .
0	i felt horrible .
1	what a horrible experience !
0	sadly , i just did n't like it .
1	however the experience here was not very good !
0	but , lately it 's been hit or miss .
1	i hated this food and this experience .
0	my appetizer was cajun shrimp , which was way over seasoned .
1	overall , my experience was okay .
0	not my cut of tea .
1	unfortunately , the service is some of the worst i 've experienced in charlotte .
0	we stopped going after we got some serious attitude from our waiter .
1	what we came away with from this experience is to leave .
0	how this place got _num_ stars out of _num_ i 'll never know .
1	the worst salon experience of my life .
0	worst restaurant ever .
1	quite possibly the worst experience i have ever had dealing with a clothing store .
0	i guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene .
1	worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location .
0	_num_ hour later it was completed .
1	i 'd have to say it was no where near an awesome experience .
0	i can easily say this is the worst indian food i have ever eaten .
1	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
0	gross .
1	i was extremely disappointed w/ my experience at alexander 's last evening .
0	_num_ beer per hour maximum .
1	very bad purchase experience .
0	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
1	the worst of our experience ?
0	first , there are n't many tables .
1	else , you will find better value and experience elsewhere .
0	then staff tried to get in !
1	overall terrible over priced food experience .
0	i think it was overpriced for a pittsburgh restaurant as well .
1	while patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible .
0	the menu was prix fixed at $ _num_ .
1	it was by far the worst experience at a restaurant i have had .
0	food is ok but the service is a thumb down .
1	horrible brunch experience .
0	the locker room was ridiculously crowded ( too small ) .
1	the only good thing about the experience was the beer selection .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	the clientele , for some reason , really made for a loud dining experience .
0	overall , let me say that the restaurant is becoming dated .
1	this was such a sour experience .
0	the room had a musty smell to it .
1	just had the worst experience at a nail salon .
0	wo n't be coming back .
1	my experience did not live up to my expectations at all .
0	not laid out well .
1	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
0	overpriced and overwhelming .
1	it made my whole experience disappointing .
0	ugh , my coworker spread open the spinach leaf .
1	horrible experience again made sandwich wrong for 3rd visit .
0	i rushed to tan today after work .
1	been here twice ; both times it was an awful experience .
0	i of course had filet , and i was just so underwhelmed with it .
1	went here and of course had the worst experience getting my bridesmaid dress .
0	but it was not the dress she ordered .
1	unfortunately , the service we were given ruined our overall experience at buffalo blues .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	simply a bad experience .
0	guess what , no fresh oysters .
1	worst experience in a long time .
0	my breakfast burrito tasted like nothing and a our food was cold .
1	this was by far the worst soul food experience .
0	it 's fake asian food .
1	overall , the experience was not very pleasing .
0	my burger was as dry as a burnt piece of chicken .
1	i recently went into this eat n park and had a horrible experience .
0	disgusted .
1	very strange experience .
0	there are much better sushi choices available .
1	worse nail salon i 've ever experienced .
0	not even worth a star .
1	in short , our experience here was awful .
0	it was horrible .
1	at least with this experience , did not have the best server .
0	unfortunately the food was a let down .
1	overall , it was a mediocre experience with forgettable food .
0	such a waste of time and rude .
1	the terrible experience happened before i even arrived .
0	after spending over $ _num_ plus games , we will never go back .
1	after my most recent experience , however , i will never be coming back .
0	it 's not even good bacon !
1	he looked annoyed that we stopped him and showed no level of customer experience .
0	so , i came to the diner having already eaten a light breakfast .
1	however , i had the absolute worst hotel experience at the pittsburgh westin .
0	needless to say i was extremely disappointed .
1	it is very disappointing after having wonderful experiences here for over _num_ decades !
0	it 's close to my neighborhood , hence the _num_ star .
1	when we got to the table , we were hoping for a better experience .
0	i visited recently and i will not be returning , ever !
1	weird experience .
0	do you ever leave a place and feel exhausted ?
1	worst applebee 's experience i 've had .
0	my gripe here is that i ended up with scratches on my wheels .
1	i was shocked by how bad our experience was considering the other reviews .
0	but do n't expect that feeling here .
1	- the fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here .
0	just go elsewhere .
1	one star for the unpleasant experience i have had at this store .
0	my lunch companion had roast beef and regretted ordering anything .
1	just be sure to make your appointment with someone with experience .
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	anyways , horrible experience .
0	sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment !
1	this last experience was by far the most disappointing .
0	then , i go to check out , my dinner was $ _num_ .
1	my experience here was not great at all .
0	it was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top .
1	this experience was not worth the beautiful dresses .
0	you ca n't mess it up ) .
1	my experience at this friday 's was not what i was expecting .
0	done in less than _num_ hours .
1	basically the whole experience was pure torture , which is disappointing .
0	next up , the `` general tso 's bean curd . ''
1	it 's sad to experience systems that work so obviously against the customer .
0	not a medium .
1	i 'm so disappointed in my experience at the carnegie library !
0	seriously lady , you 're not a morning person .
1	tonight 's experience is one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
0	i got rid of it myself , though lol .
1	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
0	not delivering .
1	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
0	nothing special .
1	the times i 've been here , its been an ok experience .
0	the other food was decent , but as i said before was cold .
1	i did not have a good experience here tonight .
0	but , our waitress was helpful , and our food came out pretty quickly .
1	i have an awful experience .
0	no ... these bagels are about the same you would get anywhere .
1	i had a horrible experience .
0	horrible !
1	do not use , awful experience !
0	there are no frills , there are no items i would particularly recommend .
1	worst experience ever !
0	the wings and cheese fries were disgusting .
1	im from california and was excited to experience this restaurant .
0	did n't go so well .
1	but my recent experience there has changed my mind a bit .
0	it was truly , truly just plain sad .
1	i 've had bad experiences here a few times now .
0	i hate that place and everyone in it .
1	based on this one experience , i would come only for the pancakes .
0	ehh ... it 's not all that .
1	what a completely miserable experience .
0	disappointed .
1	the worst dental experience of my life .
0	and _num_ % of the time your order is wrong .
1	had a pretty bad experience last time i went here .
0	the `` customer '' service and pharmacy are terrible at this location !
1	it was a horrible experience .
0	it was pasta , after all , one small serving of each .
1	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
0	ca n't handle basic cleanliness then this is not a place to eat at .
1	worst eggs benedict experience i 've ever had .
0	the runny quinoa was a mess and hard to boot .
1	worst steakhouse experience i have had to date !
0	nothing that really stands out .
1	horrible experience more than once .
0	this was not nearly as good .
1	meh , i 've experienced better is an understatement .
0	no , we did not order any super fancy dishes .
1	i was hoping to have a similar experience and was thoroughly disappointed .
0	worst place ever !
1	unfortunately , our experience was dreadful .
0	it was not especially crowded ( no wait ) and we had reservations .
1	first , i 'll walk you through my experience .
0	sadly this one did n't do that for me .
1	this was one of the most disappointing food experiences i 've had in pittsburgh .
0	after reading reviews i was afraid of what kind of service we would encounter .
1	both experiences have been terrible .
0	so this past friday i held a birthday dinner for my mother here .
1	bill was $ _num_ without tax -- pricey by my standards for this experience .
0	i waited _num_ hour and _num_ minutes for my pizza to be delivered .
1	very disappointing experience .
0	i assure you this place is n't it .
1	over crowded , loud , and not a relaxing experience .
0	the tiramisu also was gross .
1	i really wanted to write a good review , but the experience was disappointing .
0	i did n't get sick from it , so that 's a bonus .
1	i 've experienced better '' ) because i have .
0	i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
1	actually just had an awful experience with a manager named chris .
0	gross , gross , gross .
1	overall , a disappointing dining experience .
0	they drowned my salad in ranch dressing and cheese ... .
1	the owner has a complete disregard for customers and the customer experience .
0	not clean , either .
1	this was the worst restaurant experience i 've ever had .
0	also it 's loud as hell !
1	first bad experience at this place .
0	the kids menu was quite pathetic and expensive !
1	this was a horrible experience .
0	neither of us were n't very happy about this .
1	worst experience of my life .
0	edit : in my original review i stated this procedure was $ _num_ .
1	terrible experience .
0	the coleslaw is gross and i 'm a fan of coleslaw .
1	i would give our experience zero stars .
0	ok , i 'm in !
1	however , the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor .
0	we immediately left and frankly its not worth going back again .
1	possibly the worst dining experience i 've had .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	negative experience # _num_ :
0	i wish i could give it more stars , but really it was disappointing .
1	this was a very disappointing dining experience .
0	there was no attendant at the booth when we left .
1	overall not a bad experience .
0	horrible service .
1	just an all around poor experience and i will not be back .
0	overall i was underwhelmed and disappointed .
1	this was not a four star dining experience .
0	worst brazilian wax i have ever gotten .
1	terrible experience !
0	the bed was comfortable enough and the room was mostly clean .
1	based on my experience , i wo n't be returning anytime soon .
0	i 'm not joking about the water .
1	disappointing experience after almost a year since the last time i was here .
0	their service was horrible and i would never go to any rock bottom !
1	my experience here was terrible .
0	a ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza ?
1	the service was the most appalling i have ever experienced .
0	worst customer service i 've seen in a while .
1	it is n't a bad experience .
0	i would n't recommend it .
1	went for a friend 's birthday and had the worst experience ever .
0	very disappointed .
1	it was a weird experience .
0	it did n't taste fresh , almost frozen at one point and microwaved .
1	unfortunately i did not get to experience these things .
0	find a new chef quickly .
1	i feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole .
0	the broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked .
1	it 's a shame b/c better service would have made the experience decent .
0	there 's nothing fast about this fast food .
1	however , the service we experienced was terrible .
0	to me , that is beyond ridiculous .
1	this was the worst experience i ever had with business owners !
0	but last night it took _num_ hrs to get a burger .
1	the worst experience on my first outing in my city .
0	they used real garlic and it was served with it - minced .
1	so i guess if you want an authentic pittsburgh experience then go here .
0	i was in a time crunch , so paid anyways .
1	the customers do n't make the experience any better .
0	_num_ .
1	however , this was our experience .
0	however , when we got there the buffet was well picked over .
1	i just had such a bad experience here .
0	in a bad frame of mind , i tried my food .
1	literally the worst experience ever .
0	no upgrades .
1	i was just really turned off from that experience .
0	pasta trio - _num_ out of the _num_ was passable .
1	was n't the best experience .
0	for my car the average oil change runs about $ _num_ .
1	try a waffle house and i think you 'll have a better dining experience .
0	unfortunately , the entrees were no better .
1	you 'll have a much nicer experience .
0	most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless .
1	i had a pretty negative experience for my first trip to sushi kim .
0	no way to find out what is going on .
1	worst experience .
0	we would be paying several hundred dollars to get the doors installed .
1	but the customer service is by far the worst i have ever experienced .
0	it was returned with a hole in back of suit jacket .
1	worst experience at a restaurant ever .
0	it seem to be over before it started .
1	by far , the worst hotel staff experience i have ever had .
0	i 've never seen it somewhere stating they only take cash .
1	based on this experience , i would most definitely not recommend this to others .
0	could n't you have just lied to me and told me you were out ?
1	i swear it was worse than my first experience .
0	dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature .
1	what a horrible experience .
0	my husband and i stayed in pittsburgh for weeks and wanted to have pho .
1	lastly , i 've had some really poor customer service experiences at this location .
0	still no food .
1	very bad experience .
0	but i already had a bad taste in my mouth .
1	let me tell you about my bad experience first .
0	so long story short , this place is packed .
1	i had a bad experience at penn automotive .
0	the wine list is lacking .
1	every time we are seated in the dining area it 's a bad experience .
0	i 've never been so horribly treated in my life .
1	it seems that this is a common experience at this restaurant .
0	avoid this place even if free .
1	this is just my experience .
0	have n't you been to any restaurants , like , ever ?
1	absolute worst experience at a nail salon .
0	wrong .
1	this is the second bad experience i 've had at this particular location .
0	i 've had good meals here , and i 've had really bad ones .
1	sadly i will never purchase a vehicle here again because of this experience .
0	really though someone had to have messed up my dish .
1	the experience was nothing close to nice or upscale .
0	this place is one of the worst dental offices i 've ever walked into .
1	i was pretty disappointed by this experience .
0	bland noodles .
1	i can not believe my experience with this hotel .
0	did n't even get a `` thanks '' with my change .
1	this was the worst service and experience i have ever received !
0	that has nothing to do with our party size .
1	my roommate and i recently just moved out and had a terrible experience .
0	the entrance to this location always smells like spoiled milk .
1	just my experience , but come on people , really ?
0	unfortunately , the food was sub-par .
1	absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vets !
0	finally order and pull around , i wait another five minutes .
1	terrible service and experience !
0	the dough is some of the worst dough i have had yet in pittsburgh .
1	tonight was the worst experience we have had for a very long time .
0	wrong !
1	what could have been a very positive experience was absolutely ruined by this man .
0	this place is awful .
1	all in all , this was a negative experience .
0	nothing positive to say other than do n't go there .
1	i am hoping that my experience here was an off night .
