0	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
1	i did n't see many family during our stay !
0	there was no background music .
1	it was a rare family night ruined .
0	and the garlic wings did n't taste like garlic .
1	it is not a family restaurant .
0	horrible experience .
1	my family visited the restaurant recently .
0	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
1	we went here with family to have lunch , the service was ok .
0	she clearly saw us walk up , and my mother go into the shop .
1	this is the final blow that had me searching for a new family practice .
0	owner takes no responsibility for ruining clothing .
1	i do n't appreciate carmax putting my family at risk .
0	we finished our dumplings .
1	second visit w/ my family of _num_ .
0	come for the food and not the atmosphere or service .
1	refused -- this was his baby , his dream , his family .
0	the only reason i gave it a _num_ is because the steak was good .
1	not family friendly .
0	it just was n't very good .
1	our family of six went there may _num_ , _num_ at 5:30 pm .
0	it really feels like a total lack of effort , honesty and professionalism .
1	too close for comfort at the lanes when bowling next to another family .
0	not all the prices are on the website , which makes for difficult planning .
1	we take them back to our family 's house and the wings taste horrible !
0	no drinks .
1	horrible family practice .
0	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
1	gave my family a car and the next day the battery was dead .
0	later they apologize for the error .
1	they ruined what was supposed to be a nice dinner with family .
0	the service was very poor .
1	you have just lost four families business !
0	hardly saw any of that today .
1	will never be returning , or any of my families five other cars .
0	however once opened not so much .
1	the whole family was very disappointed .
0	so , why such a low score ?
1	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
0	_num_ .
1	too many quality family italian restaurants for me to patronize .
0	anyway , do n't try to eat here .
1	run , do n't walk , away from carmel family physicians !
0	these people are very unprofessional and rude .
1	my family and i will never return and do not recommend this restaurant .
0	so i then went on to tell her what i wanted on my burger .
1	this is the worst chinese food my entire family has had in years .
0	i asked if he is a doctor and she replied , `` no .
1	_num_ families left after waiting _num_ minutes without even being greeted by a server .
0	after she was treated properly , she healed quickly .
1	so that family walked out !
0	one star for the unpleasant experience i have had at this store .
1	not family friendly at all .
0	was there for over _num_ hours because service was so incredibly slow .
1	looks like a family run business and nobody cares .
0	the attitude of the workers here is just pitiful .
1	a family runs this place .
0	here 's the catch ... there was no sauce !
1	first off , i like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible .
0	i proceeded to say , '' are you laughing at me ? ''
1	i 'm from chicago visiting family and needed a pedi .
0	to put it lightly ; the staff suck !
1	sunshine , food , large pool , family ; seems exciting right ?
0	now , i am stuck due to the heavy fees it would cost .
1	my family went for lunch on a weekday .
0	it took _num_ 1/2 months for my office furniture to arrive .
1	my family and i went there , all six of us .
0	my eggs benedict was good , so was my bloody mary .
1	yesterday , i went with my family and it was a big disappointment .
0	we did n't care for the atmosphere and did n't actually eat anything .
1	my family came here for fun and we 're all very disappointed by this .
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	my family of _num_ went with a reservation on a monday night .
0	my wife 's dinner was bland .
1	my family and i will never go back to this location again .
0	_num_ years i had this deal going on .
1	just because we mentioned that we would like to get a gm family discount ?
0	the wild boar ravioli tasted fine , but the presentation was seriously lacking .
1	also , now i am getting nasty messages from their employees and family .
0	wow , i was wrong .
1	my family and i are throwing away four full boxes of absolute trash .
0	no way it got near _num_ or i would have been freezing .
1	my family and i were very disappointed and left after looking at the menu .
0	so i might not be the target audience .
1	we had family stay here and they had a horrible experience .
0	i 've never sent back food , ever , but this was ridiculous .
1	the rest of my family said their food was just ok .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	never will i or my family go back .
0	we ended up throwing out about _num_ % of what we paid for .
1	one of the families got their order wrong .
0	first sign i chose to ignore .
1	not the best but wanted breakfast and had a coupon for the family .
0	the wings do not come with celery .
1	my family received terrible service today while shopping for birthday party supplies .
0	i 'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible .
1	wo n't bring my family here until they get new management .
0	... no wonder .
1	so i was given a a supreme wash coupon from a family member .
0	the chicken in the chicken and broccoli was so small and it looked disgusting .
1	family style dining not really my thing .
0	did n't file straight or smooth .
1	the er has been hit or miss for my family .
0	one person working and could n't look at my car .
1	_num_ stars - i would not recommend this establishment to friends or family .
0	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
1	in total they have stolen $ _num_ from me and my family .
0	convenient bank hours though til _num_ pm .
1	be prepared to spend $ _num_ for rides for a family of _num_ .
0	it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
1	i would definitely not take your family .
0	it took another _num_ minutes before he actually got the pizza .
1	most recently , i went here on a sunday for brunch with my family .
0	i 'm upset and offended .
1	so disappointing and embarrassing to the family with me .
0	very disappointed !
1	this used to be our favorite family restaurant , not any more .
0	when we checked out i spoke to manager & showed her my bites .
1	we will not use them or recommend them to any friends and family .
0	this was some of the worst food i 've ever had .
1	my family left and it 's been close to _num_ minutes .
0	and then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too .
1	i could sense she wanted no part of my family 's need .
0	i did n't know what it was and did n't want to know .
1	i sat there for _num_ minutes with my family and was ignored .
0	the coffee was disappointing -- it came with plastic cups of half & half .
1	we do n't need this type of store in a nice family area .
0	the server apologized and offered to get the correct sandwhich for me to go .
1	there pool was down where our family was staying .
0	as for the atmosphere , not a big deal for me .
1	unfortunately , my family will not eat at this chain again .
0	the worst thing about this place is also sam .
1	if you love your family ... do n't take them here .
0	the restaurant setting is very typical of a vietnamese restaurant .
1	i will never shop there again and neither will my family .
0	terrible pizza .
1	i am very disappointed and unfortunately will not be bringing my family back .
0	the food , however , is mediocre at best .
1	this is n't a danny 's family car wash .
0	the service was terrible .
1	the ac sucks & they do n't accommodate seating for large families .
0	it went to voice mail , so i left a message .
1	i then thanked him for wasting my time and left with my family .
0	the slice of chocolate cake , while a descent size , was rather tasteless .
1	good family owned business , but call before you waste the time and gas .
0	everything is basic with a large price tag .
1	this airport is not family friendly .
0	my cat is not eating .
1	my family of four stayed here one saturday night on august _num_ .
0	so , he took the meals back to the kitchen .
1	when my family arrived , the greeter said nothing to us .
0	i 'm not a big foodie but i like my food taste better .
1	let 's just say , our family does n't support that .
0	the guys here were borderline rude to me when i dropped my car off .
1	family style is not so family .
0	i should n't have to ask for napkins at the point of need .
1	also not very family friendly .
0	an adult area would change all this .
1	would not recommend to any friend or family member .
0	_num_ .
1	i 'm always sad when a family member really wants to go there .
0	_num_ stars for plate glass window people watching !
1	was here for _num_ hours to separate myself from a family plan .
0	restaurant dot com you 've let me down once again .
1	my family of _num_ went for dinner on a saturday night .
0	just called to get information for my son 's birthday cake .
1	every january i buy _num_ months worth of cheese for my family members .
0	$ _num_ bill and it was n't good at all !
1	my family was thoroughly disappointed in the quality of food that was served .
0	do n't think the floor has ever been washed .
1	i had visiting family and they tried to sit us at separate tables ?
0	i was a little salty with her , i 'll admit .
1	we saw them turn away at least _num_ other families for the private party .
0	trying to get something healthy , i ordered the apple pecan salad .
1	i could not do anything with my family .
0	is it worth the $ _num_ cover on fridays ?
1	i fed my whole family breakfast ( _num_ of us ) for $ _num_ .
0	they went home hungry and very unhappy .
1	over twenty years of family history is gone .
0	it came out of the kitchen with noodles instead of the potatoes .
1	sad that this family tradition has faded away .
0	my friend was not rude , not disrespectful , just looking to order food .
1	no member of my family will ever step foot near this establishment again .
0	the worst place on earth .
1	my husband was n't rude not was i or anyone in my family .
0	not exciting .
1	i will never go back ( nor will my friends or family ) .
0	beware !
1	i told them there were no signs and i was buying them for family .
0	i asked for my money back .
1	ambiance : _num_ star : for families , no bid deal .
0	the wait for someone to take our drink order was rather long .
1	my family waited one hour and _num_ minutes for this inedible garbage .
0	i was quickly greeted by paul - who was great !
1	myself & family had horrible experience at this establishment .
0	he can not get the shape right to save his life .
1	they will no longer have my family 's business .
0	i 'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the french onion pot roast .
1	they have lost my whole family 's business .
0	which i really did n't since they were all mediocre with little flavor .
1	all _num_ entrees ( big family ) ordered were served cold .
0	like i said maybe just an off night but we wo n't be back .
1	my family and i went for lunch yesterday -- there were _num_ of us .
0	however , the customer service lacks excellence and the wifi is completely unreliable .
1	you have _num_ % lost my family 's business !
0	i 've eaten here several times and they are not very flexible .
1	did not look like the sullivan family to me .
0	terrible customer service , disrespectful in fact .
1	even if your family has eaten here for _num_ years .
0	i usually do both dry cleaning and wash and fold here .
1	good food but lacks a family friendly environment .
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	our family will not look at la fitness for gym needs in the future .
0	the dishes that night were sub-par , which was a first .
1	there was only another family inside .
0	worst place ever !
1	i 'm going to have to assume its family or something .
0	for me the food was terrible .
1	you guys did n't lose a customer today , you lost an entire family .
0	all in all this pizza just sucks .
1	the family thought it was all terrible .
0	deserts were nothing less than stellar , and the service was awesome .
1	just went to this location and my family and i are very disappointed .
0	if someone had been standing there , this would have caused serious injury .
1	my family has used el pueblo for years .
0	i could n't taste salt , pepper , garlic , anything .
1	i will not recommend this urgent care to my friends and family .
0	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
1	this is not the first time this has happened to me and my family .
0	i managed one bite and was done .
1	i doubt the original owners cooked the way the family is now .
0	our server , was friendly .
1	came here with our family and there are only _num_ of us .
0	avoid this crap hole at all costs .
1	we ordered _num_ family portions of _num_ different dishes .
0	tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed .
1	this is a bar , not a family restaurant by any means .
0	it was a small roll cut into _num_ pieces ( maki ) .
1	i also tried the white and polish sausages that other family members were eating .
0	they threw some tomatoes on it .
1	it was terrible and not family friendly music .
0	the egg roll wasnt even cooked and the cabbage was awful .
1	the staff said no reservation no table or take your family to bar area .
0	the last _num_ times getting it , i have had issues .
1	stayed with family of four for _num_ days .
0	no chicken .
1	wish i would have chosen some place better to bring my family .
0	price is not bad .
1	i lived in the far east for years , half my family is chinese .
0	most places charge _num_ to _num_ dollars .
1	my family and i tried this place last night and i was disappointed .
0	off to sams ... .
1	i have family visiting from out of town .
0	unfortunately the worst possible thing has happened .
1	the stereo was way too loud for a family type atmosphere .
0	the food is poor .
1	this will be the last time my family of _num_ ate coming here .
0	the lack of empathy was even more disturbing .
1	i made a reservation with mimosa for my family 's thanksgiving meal in _num_ .
0	once seated , service was extremely slow .
1	cracker barrel has been our family 's favorite breakfast restaurant for _num_ years .
0	i was wrong .
1	our family will stick to joe 's real bbq instead .
0	i was not going to pay for the dressing on the side .
1	all of my family noticed how rude she was .
0	it was gross .
1	we wanted to like this family restaurant , but we wo n't be back .
0	essentially three pieces of toast with various toppings .
1	then i am waiting on my food while the rest of my family eats .
0	disgusting .
1	i drove twenty minutes on a friday to get my family dinner .
0	horrible !
1	it was a real turn off to even consider taking my family back there .
0	it all had no taste !
1	it ruined my entire meal with the family .
0	this is by far the absolute worst furniture experience i have encountered .
1	cops and security have attitudes and are rude despite family event .
0	sales person treated me like i was a very inexperienced .
1	tonight i spent $ _num_ to feed my family .
0	i just ca n't imagine having to deal with this a year .
1	i searched yelp to try find decent sushi while visiting phoenix with my family .
0	it 's not going to happen .
1	my husband 's family has been going to this restaurant for quite a while .
0	first off , our waitress just was n't good .
1	needless to say , my family will not be going back there .
0	i wo n't be ordering from ron 's again , despite the inexpensive menu .
1	i did n't catch the bad reviews before my family ordered .
0	guess who was n't too busy , carnegie coffee company down the street .
1	a family member recently was sent to this facility after a joint replacement .
0	as tables became available he would seat groups that he knew and/or had reservations .
1	first time coming here from visiting family and i was not impressed .
0	horrible food , horrible service .
1	this facility is by far the absolute worst family practice ever !
0	i will never step foot in that store again .
1	we really were excited when we saw a family owned neighborhood restaurant near by .
0	at best , less than mediocre breakfast .
1	it was like a family , they cared about you and your kids .
0	i do n't even really know where to begin with this review .
1	worst experience of my families life .
0	what a huge disappointment .
1	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
0	i would not go out of my way or tell friends about this place .
1	that evening our meal at a family restaurant took _num_ hours .
0	this place sucks .
1	you 'd already lost most of my family and friends .
0	at times we could barely hear ourselves think , let alone hear each other .
1	place is trashy ... so is the guy whose family owns the place .
0	when we did finally get our food , it was ice cold .
1	year two for our family and we will not be back .
0	it was then i noticed small mold spots in the shower .
1	unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight .
0	here for trivia night on tuesday night .
1	i 've taken friends and family there to shoot .
0	this place is beautiful but not worth the money , stress , or headache .
1	this family of _num_ wo n't be visiting china sea ever again .
0	the spicy sausage soup she first ordered was mostly broth .
1	i would not recommend any of these choices to a friend or family member .
0	the high prices and poor treatment do n't add up .
1	but last night just did it for me and my family to never return .
0	it just was n't as authentic as i was hoping for .
1	some of us would actually like to get home to our families .
0	i had the thai beef salad and it had about _num_ strips of beef .
1	my family of _num_ is staying here while our house is being worked on .
0	we were starving waiting on our food .
1	my family was not to impressed either .
0	the drinks are very expensive but that 's every bar louie .
1	my family and i will not be back .
0	seems he was already looking to replace the manager .
1	shame on you gilbert center for family medicine .
0	just all around terrible .
1	went with my family for a weekend lunch buffet and was thoroughly disappointed .
0	i dunno .
1	my family was seriously running away from me .
0	i would probably not come back .
1	please pay attention to the negative reviews before you experience carmel family physicians .
0	it did n't taste bad by any means , but not restaurant quality .
1	for the record this particular location is a hit and miss for the family .
0	do n't even get me started .
1	he let me know that one employee had to leave for a family emergency .
0	i wasted my money , and i will never , ever go back there .
1	signed up for a membership in _num_ , lifetime family membership in california .
0	completely ruined our meal .
1	my family and i were out for a very special occasion .
0	they refuse to put a camera in the package room , parking lot too .
1	not a family environment at all and horrible people !
0	i do n't know if they hate working there or hate serving people .
1	the only thing that my family ordered that was good was the ranch dressing .
0	guess not .
1	came in today with my seven person family .
0	they know they sell out before _num_ and they only open at _num_ !
1	my family and i checked into the room just fine .
0	asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one .
1	last night my family and i were ignored at pf changs .
0	i refused .
1	i live in san francisco and was visiting family over thanksgiving .
0	ok atmosphere drinks are overpriced for the area .
1	i ca n't recommend this place for a date or for families .
0	the manager did n't seem to care at all about our situation .
1	worst food and service i have had at a family owned business .
0	the shop is n't that great anyway .
1	one family left due to the time taking too long .
0	i could n't wait to get out of there .
1	my family ordered the bacon burger , chicken fingers , and a greek wrap .
0	it was also barely cooked , not crispy at all .
1	i hate giving two star reviews to family owned restaurants .
0	for a $ _num_ dollar meal , it was n't worth $ _num_ .
1	i was embarrassed to bring my family here .
0	thankfully i just dislike tomatoes and it was n't an allergy issue .
1	me and my family went here today and it was horrible !
0	_num_ .
1	i was told my family member had already been paid for it .
0	essentially , the entire sandwich was inedible and i settled for five guys instead .
1	our family of _num_ looked forward to breakfast .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	appears to be family friendly but really is n't .
0	avoid eating or drinking anything here .
1	shame on north scottsdale family medicine !
0	used to be the best i 've ever had .
1	not for family or dates .
0	i just have n't been impressed by anything i 've ordered there .
1	_num_ different family events and all _num_ were screwed up .
0	to say the least , i was disappointed in my soup .
1	we had a family function here and i was sadly disappointed .
0	atmosphere was bad .
1	this car wash has lost mine and my family 's business forever .
0	all working hard , but covering too many tables .
1	all i could see was families stealing napkins and wasting little ketchup cups .
0	i waited _num_ minutes while being ignored by the receptionists .
1	_num_ % discount for a family in need ?
0	so disappointed !
1	with that i thanked him for his time grabbed my family and walked out .
0	the buffalo pierogies however , was a total miss .
1	we went here for a big family dinner and i was very disappointed .
0	pho broth takes like nine hours to make .
1	if they could _num_ % guarantee my family safety then i would go .
0	fist we wait _num_ mins or so to be seated .
1	my main problem however is how bad it is for families .
0	really sad about this one .
1	will not go again , the end of a family tradition .
