0	overpriced and overwhelming .
1	not to mention they do n't fill your drink !
0	she stated that she would go ask to see if something could be done .
1	it just filled my belly but did not make me jump for joy .
0	food is ok but horrible delivery service .
1	the lamb curry was filling , but could have been easily make at home .
0	sorry buds !
1	there is a guy that walks around and fills chips only .
0	after the installation , lowe 's would refund us the $ _num_ .
1	nails are filled horribly .
0	but it was downhill from there .
1	i 've filled tires 2x since so i asked them to check on tires .
0	bad !
1	terrible customer service and equally bad acrylic nail fill .
0	last week i went in with a busted window screen frame .
1	lukewarm refrigerator filled with crap so you can not store your own food .
0	the shrimp and pasta , however , were cooked well .
1	the prescriptions are not filled when promised .
0	for some reason two drinks came out to $ _num_ .
1	i order the steak fajita burrito which was _num_ % filled will onions .
0	she said there was no time to order another dress .
1	after i walk in , the bar area was filled , restaurant portion wasnt .
0	the restaurant was clean and the people working were friendly .
1	they had a _num_ hour wait to fill a prescription .
0	nothing to talk about .
1	the food filled the void but had no flavor .
0	we tried to explain this and the clerk said nope , not allowed .
1	seriously , did n't even fill them up .
0	sorry , how can you not have $ _num_ in change ?
1	* our waiter neglected to fill our water and coffee throughout our visit .
0	it 's also really expensive .
1	i 've been getting acrylics filled for the past year at another place .
0	not even a simple `` i 'm sorry . ''
1	our of stock meds , late fills and incompetent new employees .
0	needless to say , i will not go here again .
1	i also filled out the online appt request an no one called me back .
0	additionally , i was not too thrilled with the atmosphere or beer selection .
1	too much dressing in a salad that did n't even fill the bowl .
0	does n't seem like they keep up with it .
1	the owner took _num_ minutes for my fills .
0	however once opened not so much .
1	we could barely fill up _num_ minutes here .
0	the atmosphere was atrocious .
1	food is awful , place filled with flies .
0	i would gladly give less than one star , alas , not possible !
1	i have never been to such a horrible environment filled with scam artists .
0	i rushed to tan today after work .
1	and i mean fill it .
0	not the crusty italian bread .
1	it never fills me up and it always gives me stomach issues .
0	the potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall .
1	i showed up a half hour before my appointment to fill out paperwork .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	i fill out the same damn paperwork again , and wait .
0	she apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables .
1	the worst fill i 've ever received !
0	food was terrible .
1	the waiting room is filled with cats .
0	as for beverages , they really skimp .
1	we had to wait for _num_ minutes until they filled up the bus .
0	_num_ .
1	never did he fill me in on what was happening .
0	as for me , i do n't think i 'll be back .
1	the nail tech was not nice who did the fill .
0	i was so confused and annoyed that i just left after paying .
1	$ _num_ for a pedicure and fill !
0	we had reservations , which was good because it was packed that saturday night .
1	once again , a brief review filled with disappointment and regret .
0	not gon na order from here again .
1	will only return for fill .
0	i asked the waitress ... did n't this come with the mango salsa topping ?
1	he then proceeded to get my coffee and fill my order .
0	the wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor .
1	if you just need to fill your gut with something ... why not ?
0	$ _num_ locker .
1	i arrived this morning _num_ minutes early to fill out paperwork .
0	the market square location has the most horrible service i 've ever experienced .
1	no tanks filled with fish for sale .
0	not a huge deal , but annoying since we asked them to do that .
1	$ _num_ for a gel fill ?
0	it was very awkward considering it was a first date .
1	the food is tasty but filled with grease and too much sodium content .
0	waited _num_ mins for _num_ sandwiches .
1	did n't fill our order correctly .
0	baked eggplant caprese : the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess .
1	the menu is _num_ % filled with items with veal or pork .
0	this is place is no longer what it used to be .
1	over _num_ % of the restaurant was filled with people from our convention .
0	do n't expect any help when things get ruined .
1	corn tortilla filled with shredded jack cheese smothered with a bland sauce .
0	it was made of wood .
1	i filled my own cup several times till the pitcher was empty .
0	completely ruined our meal .
1	horrible fat filled steak .
0	but too much pamela 's seems greasy .
1	finally sat down to fill out the service order .
0	not sure what on the salad made me feel this way .
1	they really are n't out to impress , only to fill your belly .
0	one , quite literally , threw a guy off of the bus for me .
1	cheap filling eats on the strip if you like vietnamese food .
0	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
1	place was busy for a sunday night filled with young college students .
0	it 's pretty much a crap shoot .
1	they still refused to fill it .
0	i mean thin like salad dressing , runny , thin .
1	it was filled about _num_ % with lettuce and raw , red onion .
0	what will be done with the empty space that is the question ?
1	our drinks were filled and then our order was taken .
0	first off , i can not comment on the food .
1	i noticed a very long wait as people were filling out paperwork .
0	apparently my empty glass was n't enough of a visual cue .
1	the turkey sandwich filled me up , at least .
0	i was wrong .
1	i want my down filled pillows !
0	almost all of the tires sold on site are foreign .
1	however when i went to get a fill my nails looked horrible .
0	at this point i really had to use the restroom .
1	i was served a fried tortilla filled with plain shredded chicken and nothing else .
0	to boot , the beer was pretty expensive .
1	it was more like a mini slider so definitely not filling .
0	that should have tipped me off .
1	it is filled with lies , as it would be .
0	fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks .
1	went back to get a fill and got the same thing .
0	but seriously , it 's like walmart stuff at whole food 's price .
1	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
0	let me tell you about my bad experience first .
1	i had no choice just to fill my stomach after the long trips .
0	at eat n ' park , free cookies are a staple .
1	we then filled out an application to see if we qualify .
0	there were maybe _num_ people around the bar .
1	burning hot filled with huge portions of tasteless beans and rice .
0	the old guy continued to drink wine and yelled at another waitress .
1	there are probably _num_ spots and most of them fill up pretty quickly .
0	it 's extremely frustrating .
1	they just filled my mouth full of holes .
0	people are rude there as well .
1	the tips would break even before i needed a fill .
0	i had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay .
1	all of a sudden this last week , meds were n't filled at all .
0	simply gross .
1	there was no one filling up water .
0	just average unfortunately .
1	but next day oil light comes on and the fluids are n't filled .
0	went to this store today and it was worse than usual .
1	filled out twice no response .
0	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
1	they came out and were _num_ % filled with cheese and _num_ % chicken .
0	the worst bakery i ever shopped in !
1	instead of cheeseburger samosa , i got a pastry filled samosa .
0	_num_ .
1	not filling at all .
0	no manager on duty for the busy morning rush .
1	instead of crown he filled my tooth .
0	however , from the get go , our host was absolutely terrible .
1	i got a fill and a fix because i broke a nail .
0	servers here can be really rude .
1	they sent the original glasses off to be filled .
0	their foods are not that tasteful .
1	the lady filling the soda dispenser just looked at me .
0	it does n't work .
1	explains why they had maybe _num_ tables filled at 7pm on mother 's day .
0	i mean really loud .
1	the sauce is filled with sugar , and it was runny !
0	i asked for medium cooked and they gave me burnt .
1	i had to fill up my own pitchers after they were empty .
0	i have paid $ _num_ for a car was and received a better quality .
1	there was no attempt to fill the missed prescription faster .
0	i find it acceptable , but nothing special .
1	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
0	there was a ton of thai basil in the dish which was quite overwhelming .
1	my doctor put in five request for one prescription never got filled .
0	we were starving waiting on our food .
1	no one returned to fill coffee .
0	they tried to fix the broken telephone but were n't really successful .
1	they filled my balloons immediately and apologized .
0	the store needs a major overhaul and some employees who care .
1	so i really needed a fill and color today .
0	i have n't been back .
1	after sitting down our drink order was promptly taken and filled .
0	this is not even worthy of the name .
1	not from here but needed a quick fill .
0	first , there are n't many tables .
1	unfortunately , i filled four washers and then realized that they did n't work .
0	no hi , no thank you , no have a nice day .
1	it filled me up , but did not satisfy .
0	tasted very good , but i was disappointed in how dirty this place is .
1	except the guy filling waters and cleaning plates .
0	the veggies were overly salty table round .
1	and they were not even filling .
0	worst customer service i 've seen in a while .
1	last medication i 'm getting filled so i can go somewhere else .
0	also did n't seem very nice .
1	my daughter had two shredded beef tacos for $ _num_ , filling .
0	avoid this place .
1	went next door and they checked and filled all tires , two minutes .
0	did n't seem handmade or anything like that .
1	this company should be out of business so something better could fill the space .
0	fired oysters and scallops over $ _num_ here .
1	_num_ bucks for fill is little stiff .
0	it was generous for the `` _num_ scoop '' order .
1	i filled my glass three times , but the alcohol content was very low .
0	the gelato counter was disappointing .
1	i see why only a few tables were filled on a friday night .
0	i did n't get it .
1	place was filled with smoke .
0	breadsticks and salad came out like expected .
1	dirty and filthy , food is awful , place filled with bugs and roaches .
0	great shrimp cocktail but i wish i had my fish sandwich across the street .
1	instead of treating your patients better , just fill them up with more pills .
0	really disappointing .
1	instead of telling me that they did back fills , she took them off .
0	i 'm not sure what was worse food or service .
1	_num_ hours to fill birth control ... .
0	it had no flavor whatsoever .
1	$ _num_ for a gel fill that lasted less than a regular polish ?
0	the cupcakes were average at best .
1	only came back once to fill our drinks .
0	had a friend who went here .
1	the server brought out beers and it was 2-3 inches not filled .
0	when that was fixed , the lines did n't roll over properly .
1	they make you fill out paperwork and then send you over to the cashier .
0	just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off .
1	oh , and they did not fill up the fluids as stated .
0	rude , disrespectful jerks who should not be dealing with the public .
1	it was around _num_ bucks and did n't even fill me up .
0	chicken fried chicken for three of us and my wife had the sizzling peppers .
1	about ten minutes later , a busser came by to fill our drinks .
0	would that have been so difficult ?
1	so i fill out the packet completely .
0	everything tasted like nothing .
1	the quesadillas were flavorless and filled with fatty meat .
0	it was annoying fighting the crowds to look at the certain cars .
1	-- _num_ empty tables filled with dirty dishes !
0	rude .
1	they have one bathroom that works and the other left open filled with crap .
0	only another _num_ minutes until he brought one martini over .
1	they just ca n't fill your order correctly ... time after time .
0	the pizza , even when plain , is very greasy .
1	menu not filled with foods that sounded good to me .
0	i was a bridesmaid very recently and the bride got her dress here .
1	food was bland , and not really filling .
0	goodbye lowes ... hello home depot !
1	do not fill your meds here .
0	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
1	my nails _num_ days into my `` gel '' fill .
0	everything is basic with a large price tag .
1	the techs rushed thru my pedi and fill .
0	i paid $ _num_ for shipping .
1	from there , it takes them another _num_ minutes to fill one prescription .
0	the sad part is that its not even the technicians fault .
1	i had a chicken burrito that was filled with bland rice and tasteless chicken .
0	money trouble ?
1	for the doctor to fill out a half of a box .
0	management there does n't care !
1	he said that a doctor at hh could fill out paperwork past _num_ months .
0	the wedding soup was the worst i have ever had .
1	it should n't be that hard to keep _num_ or so ingredients filled .
0	worst lunch option uptown .
1	trying to fill that void .
0	very poor service .
1	mongolian beef was filled with all onions ( for filler ) .
0	should try ordering from the menu it might be better .
1	another smoke filled hotel .
0	i have never been treated so rudely in my entire life .
1	the bowl itself was n't that filling .
0	will not be back .
1	filling up the cab came to $ _num_ & no tip .
0	so he ca n't bother with mine .
1	i then felt bad and filled in a _num_ % tip .
0	no , but you know that better is out there .
1	also they failed to fill water glasses and drinks in a timely manner .
0	i live _num_ minutes from their location .
1	i got my nails filled here and they look horrible .
0	my boyfriend and i went to dinner here last saturday .
1	disappointment and empty stomachs filled my household for the rest of the evening .
0	it was hard to find a machine .
1	takes more than _num_ minutes to fill a rx .
0	worst steakhouse experience i have had to date !
1	the fill though ... yikes .
0	at this point we still had not seen our server .
1	i received the worst nail fill i ever had .
0	never came out to see how we were doing .
1	wow , this liquor store is filled with cigarette smoke .
0	fish was not fresh .
1	i left urgent care for cvs to get a prescription filled .
0	the beds were uncomfortable .
1	they fill like you are trying to get a free meal out of them .
0	she was appalling and rude .
1	the fill was disgusting .
0	looks and taste both scored a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	as for the pedicure and fill , i just was n't impressed .
0	so disappointing ... .
1	waited _num_ minutes for a guy just to fill up on $ _num_ .
0	does that make you a little worried ?
1	we repeatedly asked our waters to be filled .
0	the fried chicken was straight forward .
1	windows were covered in a film that we cleaned off while filling the tank .
0	my friend 's nails looked like a _num_ year old did them .
1	was missing , and all the new sheets i filled out were just gone ?
0	however , the sucker that i am for a deal , i got it .
1	greasy whip cream that filled up half the cup .
0	they did n't wash my hair and the haircut took about _num_ minutes .
1	the eggrolls were filled with cheap veggies .
0	it does n't feel fair .
1	most every thing was breaded and fried , to fill you up real fast .
0	she clearly has no clue , pride or care in coffee making .
1	got nachos from the outside patio and they were filled with gristle and fat .
0	unfortunately the service is very hit or miss .
1	pharmacy department could improve on getting things filled correctly .
0	based on all the other reviews , probably safe to stick to pho .
1	just got a pink and white back fill , they look terrible .
0	this company is the worst to deal with .
1	they did n't even advise the correct way to fill tanks .
0	sadly not worth the money or time .
1	our waiter was nowhere to be seen in this half filled not busy restaurant .
0	terrible service .
1	while filling it up , i could hear the air leaking out slowly .
0	bad mistake .
1	they fill out the paperwork , pay , and then wait .
0	i dunno .
1	i was in las vegas for the holidays and needed a fill .
0	ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired .
1	my minced pork barely filled half the bowl .
0	if possible , the service got worse after we talked to him .
1	i will most likely be going elsewhere next time i need a prescription filled .
0	they sit on tables and often just sit at your table .
1	so he wo n't fill any of his prescription signed by him .
0	he was not asian .
1	after i left , i went to fill up my gas tank .
0	changed too seem to be the quality of the steaks .
1	the shower in our room would n't drain and quickly filled up with water .
0	eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp .
1	however they never came back around to fill our drinks .
0	i wish there were no kids .
1	all _num_ trash bins were completely filled .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	i 'm glad i did n't fill the prescription .
0	and just leave this one alone .
1	my husbands was bland and was not filling at all .
0	about _num_ % more expensive .
1	every other sip of my drink , there was someone filling it up .
0	the bread got soggy and the darn thing fell apart .
1	what i found was a large room filled with unappetizing , boring baked goods .
0	_num_ weeks and so far no refund has hit my account .
1	the burrito was bland and not filling .
0	i wo n't be coming here again .
1	like the crab rangoon , there is no filling to it .
0	is n't even that great at the bar .
1	it was a saturday night at 7pm and only half the place was filled .
0	service was just barely adequate on this visit .
1	[ why can i fill it if it is too soon ? ]
0	the waitstaff go out of their way to not help you .
1	they were n't supportive and almost made things worse with lies filled with fear .
0	it tasted like hot chocolate .
1	i get regular acrylic fills .
0	ordered a glass of wine and beers for my companions .
1	it was hardly filling .
0	this is totally unacceptable .
1	plus , they also fill up your tires .
0	the person next to me ordered the beer battered giant fish sandwich .
1	had a chip filled on my windshield then a car wash .
0	to me , that is beyond ridiculous .
1	the $ _num_ house margarita was in a tiny ice filled glass .
0	but this was not what i had in mind .
1	fill our water glasses ) , etc .
0	meaning , i never saw her full face .
1	they would fill the water up with _num_ percent ice , refill again please .
0	we were disappointed with our entrees .
1	i arrived _num_ minutes before my appointment time to fill out paperwork .
0	plus i did n't feel great !
1	ordered the chicken samosa appetizer , _num_ small greasy wontons filled with chicken .
0	the miso soup was barely average .
1	only another waitress ever filled our drinks .
0	do not waste your time or money there , you will regret it .
1	the extra was not enough to fill a shot glass .
0	change management and has gone down hill .
1	watery and not filled with goodness .
0	i 'm sure you can find better accommodations in this price range and location .
1	go to walgreens or another place to get your rx filled .
0	just checked it out for the first time .
1	get gas every _num_ miles and not fill up ?
0	then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition .
1	_num_ ) i to my appointment and fill out the paperwork needed .
0	the specials and menu prices are apparently wrong .
1	as everyone else has stated , it is filled with a bunch of liars .
0	the restaurant seemed poorly managed and subpar .
1	dirty dishes were not removed in a timely manner nor were water glasses filled .
0	the coffee was expensive and tasted like dirt .
1	on a crappy dirt filled lot with trash everywhere .
0	so consider my advice if you decide to purchase here .
1	it took nearly _num_ minutes to get the order filled .
0	it was not good .
1	i ate them and it filled my stomach .
0	based on this one experience , i would come only for the pancakes .
1	this place always seems to be dead or filled with a much older crowd .
0	they continued to stare for several minutes , unbelievably unprofessional .
1	they can not fill a script without it being a major deal .
0	i did n't hear back .
1	the scoop was only used to fill pitchers .
