0	first of all , and the most important thing , they are not honest .
1	learn from my errors , find somewhere else for your small engine repair work .
0	mine needed a bit more sauce to make not as dry .
1	highly recommend you find another car wash .
0	i 'm sure that this is a fluke and will be taken care of .
1	the restaurant has carpet which i find off putting .
0	money trouble ?
1	nothing worse than you 'd find in the sf bay area .
0	unfortunately , the party stops there .
1	find a better management who does n't take your money and piss on you .
0	instead , my total was about $ _num_ .
1	no sign of italian meat to be found .
0	nothing fancy -- short on the sides and back , an inch on top .
1	somehow i find that their food is kinda bland .
0	not a lot of fat on them .
1	it was awful we could n't find any positive in it .
0	and the food itself certainly left a lot to be desired .
1	frankly it was nowhere to be found .
0	are you freaking kidding me ?
1	threw out a $ _num_ plate of food after finding hair .
0	not a medium .
1	i wasted a half tank of gas just trying to find parking .
0	horrible experience .
1	was facing back surgery and trying to find a surgeon .
0	fifteen minutes later , the waitress returned , but not with our food .
1	`` hello , did you find everything you are looking for today ? ''
0	painfully mediocre : small rolls , $ _num_ miso soup , drinks were reasonable .
1	its hard to find anything under $ _num_ .
0	the morning of checkout my bill had not been placed under the door .
1	was not busy but waitress was hard to find .
0	overall , shopping there is a poor experience .
1	i called to find out what was on the hot and spicy chicken .
0	i tried pickles tonight for the first time .
1	unlike the poster below i did n't find them particularly polite or apologetic .
0	would i have had to call in to sort out their staff 's mistake ?
1	however , i was able to find a few suits to try on .
0	they were not met here .
1	i wish the company can find out who this lady was .
0	worst elevator system i 've ever come across .
1	after going through each bag , i could not find the correct band .
0	gone was the flavor and little taste of spicy burn at the end .
1	i know the servers have to do it , but i found it annoying .
0	maybe it is really just me who prefer cold sodas .
1	i 'm still waiting to find out what ate me up !
0	we were disappointed .
1	you will find better business elsewhere .
0	they gave us a $ _num_ gift card to make up for it .
1	we went to a wedding only to find the hotel had no room .
0	basically , this place is like dr. pepper soda .
1	however , i find this highly unacceptable .
0	wrong it was smaller portions at a higher price .
1	i did n't find all of the staff to be overly professional .
0	also , the portions are not as big .
1	well my hour lunch is over so i 'll find somewhere else to go .
0	this was n't it .
1	else , you will find better value and experience elsewhere .
0	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
1	they could n't find any problem .
0	in the mean time my sales rep was fired apparently .
1	find another place where the doctors care .
0	it was _num_ % breading .
1	find a better florist , they 're out there .
0	yes bread , this is not your best .
1	after what seemed like forever , my husband got up to find a server .
0	the food came quick but no potato soup .
1	the buying experience with any dealership , i found it to be as expected .
0	she was surly and very uninterested in doing her job .
1	careless workmanship is all you 'll find here .
0	i 'm glad there was more mango than strawberry .
1	i went here to find out about wedding dress alterations .
0	i have been here a total of four times .
1	all in all , i 've found better things to spend $ _num_ on .
0	just terrible .
1	give me the keys and i 'll find the freaking car for you .
0	at tram 's , the pho bowl is small .
1	there 's better mexican food in phoenix , go find it .
0	the crab dip was another disappointment .
1	employees avoid you instead of helping you find what you are looking for .
0	very disappointing experience .
1	you 're not going every which way to try and find things .
0	so i was appalled by a lousy not fresh dirty salad !
1	furthermore i week later i found my car 's belt system was broken .
0	pretty disappointed in my service here the other day .
1	my recommendation is to dump this company and find other cab service companies .
0	the food is okay - typical italian fair that could be better seasoned .
1	they could n't find the driver .
0	they both looked old and one of them smelled old .
1	i personally find its only real saving grace to be the outdoor deck .
0	my steak hoagie was actually two mini sandwiches .
1	i 've found the service here to be pretty terrible .
0	it 's definitely not the worst i 've ever had .
1	our waitress finds us after a _num_ minute wait and takes our beer order .
0	negatives : the lighting , the decor and the smoking .
1	i never even saw a doctor here , something i find strange .
0	giving _num_ stars instead of _num_ just cause i 've had worse .
1	not one said let me find who your server is .
0	even though i was only there one time , first impressions are a bitch !
1	i can never find a seat and no one ever leaves .
0	rude .
1	if i am ever in charlotte again i will find another place to eat .
0	fish tacos - _num_ people in our party got these .
1	i have found a restaurant that i hate and is this one .
0	my husband 's salad , italian chopped , was better .
1	unfortunately we found it to be a bit of a miss .
0	self checkout is the only option and is a joke .
1	found out he left less than a month after this incident .
0	i asked them three times to please try and they refused all three times .
1	i found a property online that i fell in love with .
0	no he did n't !
1	she finds anything to charge you to get extra money out of you .
0	these people are the worst .
1	i was sooo excited to find your place .
0	i ate here when it opened , a and again _num_ years later .
1	who on earth could possibly find this place worth returning to ?
0	_num_ . )
1	i then took inventory of my suits and found that _num_ suits are missing !
0	not much more , but enough to make it not right .
1	on top of that , they did n't care enough to find the mail !
0	not a dime every again .
1	it was hard to find a machine .
0	the kicker is that this was n't the first time this has happened .
1	the staff at both locations where the hell did they find them .
0	rating - _num_ out of _num_ .
1	very sad to find that donuts are made the day before .
0	tables are often dirty .
1	you may well find they have charged you for warmed over garbage .
0	it was all beans and guacamole .
1	no way to find out what is going on .
0	the employees did not seem to care and had no sense to work faster .
1	for some reason , i found this airport to be kind of depressing .
0	it was a place where everybody knew my name .
1	i found out that portion size is good , then bad .
0	overall , let me say that the restaurant is becoming dated .
1	very quick but kinda confusing to find the place .
0	all the regular stores , plus some of the more trashy ones .
1	finally , i find one after _num_ minutes of wondering around .
0	the worst thing about this place is also sam .
1	called several airlines they were unable to find anything .
0	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
1	spent almost $ _num_ on a custom tattoo i found online that i wanted .
0	nina the manager and ashley the cashier extremely rude .
1	i brought my order home , found three pieces of chicken , overcooked .
0	they were super buttery ... too much so .
1	i actually found this salon on yelp and am terribly disappointed .
0	i always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard .
1	they need to find new wait staff who are attentive and friendly !
0	confusing , and a pain .
1	i have eaten here several times & always find it disappointing .
0	cheese fries , burgers , some salads , mediocre pasta , etc .
1	finding a good ol ' diner in pittsburgh is n't exactly easy .
0	bun was also cold like just out of the refrigerator .
1	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
0	i would give carolina auto repair no stars if possible .
1	after a good wait , we find out breakfast ends at 11am .
0	this is the worse nail salon i have ever been to !
1	i had to walk around the whole restaurant to find my husband .
0	it 's like breakfast at most any other diner .
1	we quickly found out why .
0	overall , it was a mediocre experience with forgettable food .
1	this is not the first time i 've been hard up to find help .
0	also they were not that tender .
1	i found a long blond hair in my fish .
0	on most visits it takes em about _num_ minutes .
1	then we had a hard time finding our waiter .
0	pesto gnocchi okay , tiramisu okay ( except for the canned whipped cream ) .
1	when we got to our room my wife found dead roaches in the bathroom .
0	linda did not call .
1	found food and trash in the refrigerator .
0	the receptionist can not handle tips at all .
1	what i found most annoying was the uncomfortable seating .
0	did n't she have my slip with the card number ?
1	find something ... anything else ... it is going to disappoint .
0	i was given a sofa bed to sleep on .
1	find another hilton in phoenix if you can .
0	the meatballs were greasy and very bland .
1	i brought _num_ bagels to my students and we found them to be stale .
0	very disappointed .
1	the rolls come in pieces of _num_ , which i find weird .
0	avoid if you want anything but americanized junk food .
1	we stopped in last night after driving around trying to find a place .
0	this also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future .
1	i just found the worst breakfast spot in pittsburgh .
0	_num_ % of the time , the eggs are not done anyway .
1	i was n't able to find the _num_ lb .
0	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
1	i had trouble finding a seat since most had trash or were dirty .
0	i ordered steamed broccoli and he ordered mashed potatoes .
1	however , no matter what you will always find a bad store .
0	however , neither were great .
1	also , i found the couscous bland .
0	this has always been my least favorite wendy 's .
1	sadly , we found jordan 's .
0	please take all of these negative reviews seriously because they are valid .
1	i had to get up and find my waitress myself .
0	olive garden seems like fine dining compared to this place .
1	wow , only in charlotte would you find a chain restaurant bar crawl .
0	it seemed like every single employee was around _num_ years old .
1	i did n't find it to be anything special .
0	there was no attendant at the booth when we left .
1	after coming here a week ago , we found that it has gotten worse .
0	just do n't take your dry cleaning here .
1	find someplace else in bloomfield .
0	the economy is not doing well.
1	eventually , i found bland tomatoes and shredded iceberg lettuce hidden far below .
0	ordered two spicy chicken combos yesterday at around _num_ o'clock .
1	not a spot of pink to be found .
0	overall not impressed .
1	i was trying to find a place to have dinner tonight .
0	the bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion .
1	it is difficult to even find one .
0	you play russian roulette with your quarters every time .
1	used hotwire to find a last minute deal when traveling through madison .
0	not cool , bar louie .
1	we did not have our receipt and could not find it in their system .
0	i probably wo n't be back .
1	thought it was dirty and did n't find the food very good at all .
0	rude .
1	they could n't find it in the `` on holds area '' wth ?
0	the three pastas were very , very basic .
1	i found it online for just over $ _num_ and i replaced it myself .
0	loud is an understatement .
1	digging into the teriyaki chicken i found a lot of vegetables and little chicken .
0	i would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage .
1	i could n't find it from the actual review page !
0	real bad .
1	the in house internet is the slowest you will find .
0	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
1	it was busy but at times could n't find her .
0	especially waitress was lack of enthusiasm .
1	i am unimpressed , and found the customer service unacceptable .
0	it was n't edible .
1	found a manager to inform that we never received service or a bill .
0	however , would n't say this is very authentic thai food .
1	i had some issues finding the place and traffic was bad .
0	i was extremely disappointed w/ my experience at alexander 's last evening .
1	i will find a more customer oriented business that appreciates customers .
0	the wine list did not include descriptions .
1	find another rental car service at charlotte airport .
0	i do n't understand why he is working there .
1	unfortunately , i found little to eat for lunch yesterday .
0	ummm , we 're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here .
1	find a new chef quickly .
0	he kept loudly requesting a credit card and the women did not have one .
1	it was late at night near closing , only thing i could find open .
0	do not waste your money .
1	i find it acceptable , but nothing special .
0	in a word : forgettable .
1	i did not find this funny at all !
0	the spinach pie was ok .
1	i 'll limit my visits until i find that treasure .
0	he got our salsa order wrong so needless to say , we left .
1	unfortunately i found this mcdonald 's in need of a good cleaning .
0	the food was not great and not worth the price at all .
1	that was not to be found here .
0	we went on a sunday and i expected a wait , which was fine .
1	nope ... no where to be found on the menu .
0	quite frankly , the fish was n't good at all .
1	all in all , i promise you can find a better restaurant in charlotte .
0	maybe i 'm spoiled with good vietnamese food but this was terrible .
1	either way , i am not going back to find out .
0	we got this hotel room via hotwire at a great price .
1	so far i have not found a good chinese food place here in charlotte .
0	i waited _num_ mins in the lobby .
1	for $ _num_ , they ca n't find i potato ?
0	i probably wo n't return .
1	or you can fall in love and find reason to be back daily .
0	the new dentist could n't believe that !
1	come to find out he was a manager .
0	what a terrible experience .
1	it was almost empty and twice we had to have someone find our waitress .
0	heavy and bland .
1	why is it so hard to find a good chinese restaurant in pittsburgh ?
0	i personally would not go back , even though the food was fantastic .
1	we ordered california rolls , and found them small , dry and not flavorful .
0	confused ?
1	it 's tough to find anything good here .
0	not worth one star !
1	i found little bugs crawling around the seeds and nuts in my little bags .
0	this seemed quite bizarre .
1	the answer is try harder to find a source because they are out there .
0	false advertising on patio furniture .
1	couple of years ago more orders were found to be overcooked and less meaty .
0	who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
1	we get our bill and come to find out it 's $ _num_ .
0	then no , i have not gotten my beer .
1	i have tried the pizza several times and find it rather bland .
0	the tomato was hard as rock .
1	the last _num_ mornings i arrived to find nothing but crumbs left for eggs .
0	i do n't hate anything on the harris grill menu .
1	i find nothing appealing about this place .
0	sorry , bummer .
1	i find the rice in any chinese buffet way much better !
0	waited for the shuttle around _num_ min at the airport .
1	i found all of this very unacceptable .
0	no wonder mine was stale .
1	not coming back anymore after i find another band to replace this band .
0	just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off .
1	while having a slice i found out that it was not even cooked completely .
0	the walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass .
1	the goat cheese was nowhere to be found .
0	the servers are rude and slow , and the food is awful .
1	the desk staff immediately found me another room .
0	it was terrible waiting in line , but it moved quickly .
1	i walked to find dinner .
0	this was the worst experience i ever had with business owners !
1	and i did n't turn it on to find out .
0	wo n't be back .
1	i found this restaurant online and in my hotel room magazine .
0	did n't get all of the items i ordered and paid for !
1	and i 'd come home randomly and find them there for no apparent reason .
0	very long wait .
1	we called again and he said that they could n't find our car keys .
0	do not use their car wash .
1	he literally walked around the restaurant to find someone , but could n't .
0	then when i got it , it was cold !
1	we greeted her before she greeted us which i find rude .
0	probably not .
1	i looked around and my boat was nowhere to be found .
0	is n't that what baked ziti is ?
1	if you are dragged here by your friends , find new friends .
0	the service has been poor almost every time i went .
1	receive my check to find out it was all full price .
0	aside from just being terrible , she was also unfriendly .
1	i get there only to find out they have nothing ready .
0	the fish was tough and the other dish was simply inedible .
1	do not go here -- find another dentist .
0	i could n't wait to get out of there .
1	the only thing i found good was the plain rice .
0	i was highly disappointed in the service , and i only ordered take out .
1	parking was hard to find and it was loud inside .
0	there were several things that got me annoyed , one after another .
1	they , however promised to find me another location .
0	but the positives stop there .
1	what i found was a large room filled with unappetizing , boring baked goods .
0	quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price .
1	where do you find apples and feta cheese with no taste ?
0	what happened ?
1	stopped in for a few tacos and found out they were _num_ cents now !
0	she could n't believe that i said that .
1	i did not find the venue pleasant .
0	unfortunately , the service is some of the worst i 've experienced in charlotte .
1	the lighting was dim and very difficult to find what i needed .
0	i do n't mind the unpleasant cashiers .
1	time to find a better indian place , i 'm afraid .
0	we do n't care !
1	i 'm sure you can find better accommodations in this price range and location .
0	but for $ _num_ , and that 's all you get ?
1	better yet , just find a different healthcare facility to go to !
0	managed very poorly .
1	i figured i could find a place with better customer service .
0	i 'm _num_ and i almost felt too old there .
1	not sure and we wo n't be back to find out .
0	for starters , the food is always served cold .
1	i even tried a salad in an attempt to find something healthy .
0	the quality was horrible .
1	the waitress was also difficult to find .
0	i was in a time crunch , so paid anyways .
1	last i had the vegetarian curry dish , the only vegetarian main i found .
0	the ac barely works .
1	i find it much too salty and not really worth the long wait .
0	_num_ .
1	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
0	the wedding soup was the worst i have ever had .
1	unfortunately , a person in our party found a hair in their taco .
0	the corn chowder was ok but not very hot .
1	she was having a hard time finding my order .
0	i was really disappointed with this visit .
1	that is my whole experience trying to find a magazine .
0	if that 's not enough to stop you , read on .
1	they do n't help you to find a table .
0	i 'm not sure if this is working hard or just desperate .
1	plus i think i found a fry or two with the vegetables .
0	i was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant .
1	save your money and find somewhere else to dine .
0	getting on and off is confusing .
1	come to find out the owner was the male bartender .
0	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
1	i went back to the counter to find a different manager .
0	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
1	so i ended up taking whatever she could find .
0	not exciting .
1	i called them only to find out my truck had n't even left charlotte .
0	worst sandwich on earth .
1	so i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes to find someone to pay .
0	not even the shuttle goes anywhere useful .
1	more pear shaped , waitress was no where to be found for _num_ minutes .
0	oh , and like _num_ slices of meat and a slice of cheese .
1	u can find all the yummy food on the authentic menu .
0	oh , with _num_ pitiful shrimp on top .
1	it was hard to find `` tomatoes '' in the dish .
0	my minimum tip is $ _num_ , even at the cheapest places .
1	if you 're looking for paradise you wo n't find it here .
0	at $ _num_ each this falls clearly into the ripoff category .
1	i think i 'll find a place that 's a little more ... me .
0	what a disappointment !
1	either they do n't carry it or i could n't find it .
0	they will not get another dime of mine .
1	i find this very strange and annoying .
0	mortified by this , my wife and i quickly finished and left .
1	it had more salt than you 'd find in food at mcdonalds .
