0	if anyone 's had theft problems , this may be why .
1	my mom who only eats mild salsa could n't even finish a bite .
0	that was really unprofessional .
1	waited about another _num_ minutes after we finished our food to receive our check .
0	pamela is a bad representation of this location !
1	hubby and i just finished our lunch and were disappointed .
0	i 'm not a coffee snob i can do with it or without it .
1	tables that were sat when we finished eating had already finished their food .
0	gross .
1	when we finished she thanked me and apologized once again .
0	however , i can order a salad with french fries on it .
1	however , i could not finish the burger .
0	the manager claims he is very helpful ?
1	could n't even finish a single slice , it was so disgusting .
0	this place was trashy , dirty and probably not even up to code .
1	in fact , i could n't finish it .
0	we would have been much better off at burger king .
1	neither were finished .
0	we were disappointed .
1	too salty to finish .
0	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
1	i did n't even finish it .
0	tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
1	we gave up and did n't finish our meals and left .
0	it was kind of uncomfortable .
1	we never got a beverage refill and finished the pizza with nothing to drink .
0	was not impressed at all .
1	meanwhile his mother and i finished our meals .
0	i ordered the bone in fillet , they brought me a ribeye .
1	poorly handled from start to finish .
0	price : tasty is cheap .
1	i could n't finish it and left hungry .
0	the drinks are very expensive but that 's every bar louie .
1	the kick and finish of this beer did not impress me .
0	the broiled flounder was n't very hot and neither were my steamed veggies .
1	could not finish it .
0	they did n't wash my hair and the haircut took about _num_ minutes .
1	i could n't finish it .
0	i would n't recommend richard or the salon to anyone .
1	could n't finish it .
0	it made my whole experience disappointing .
1	needless to say , he finished it but still went home hungry .
0	was just rude .
1	we could not even finish it off .
0	it is definitely not for me .
1	the car was finished in about _num_ hours from when i dropped it off .
0	not going for it .
1	so many things wrong from start to finish .
0	oh , pat buses , why ca n't i quit you ?
1	i could n't even finish my bbq pork sandwich , i was that disappointed .
0	even burger king does n't microwave their breakfast !
1	once the food got there , we felt rushed to finish .
0	it reminded me of a cheap college place .
1	my boyfriend could n't even finish it and he is not a picky eater .
0	the strawberry was too sweet .
1	i would say from start to finish i was thoroughly not impressed .
0	said hopefully we come back because service is n't usually this bad .
1	a table of _num_ hungry guys did n't finish either appetizer .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	we had n't finished asking our questions when she ran off again .
0	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
1	i could n't even finish my meal it was that bad .
0	we 've had too many problems to list all of them .
1	neither of us finished our food & not because we were served huge portions .
0	the bottom and the top rated with grease .
1	just finished my first trip to the downtown deli .
0	i 'm just not crazy about the vibe here .
1	dinner was not served until _num_ minutes after we had finished salad .
0	boxes and toys were all over the floor in the store .
1	i finished the medication but was very ill still .
0	out of five orders , only two were done correctly .
1	from start to finish it was a bad experience , both food and service .
0	worst service of all time .
1	_num_ minutes later my date had finished his meal and my fries were gone .
0	the place was very busy and noisy .
1	to top it off , my baked potato was far from being finished baking .
0	oh and less than stellar fries , with a cup of cole slaw .
1	i could n't even finish my dish .
0	avoid the valet at all costs !
1	man ... really bad from start to finish .
0	i could n't believe it .
1	i could n't finish more than half .
0	the variety of sauces is what gets me to come back .
1	i finished the soup and salad , yet the server was not around .
0	i 've included this very depressing looking `` steak hoagie '' .
1	so i had to wait for the other person to finish .
0	i 'm still trying to figure out how one manages to burn noodles .
1	my daughter and i left without finishing our food .
0	fried rice super bland .
1	they were so bad , i could n't even force myself to finish them .
0	heavy and bland .
1	not one to waste liquor i finished it .
0	the waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves .
1	so unprofessional from start to finish , literally a grade school level practice .
0	i see the server standing right there with no response .
1	none of us even finished half the portion .
0	just awful .
1	the miso soup was so salty we could n't finish .
0	naturally , i get an automatic voicemail .
1	it takes management several weeks to a month to finish or begin repair requests .
0	of course , the order came out quickly , and wrong .
1	the soup was so bad , i could not finish it .
0	it 's somewhat upscale , but it 's not the ritz .
1	no call that it was finished .
0	do the bartenders here not work on tips ?
1	i was starving at this point and dinner was finished .
0	my bill : $ _num_ .
1	after _num_ hours , the car was finished .
0	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
1	in the end we did not even finish it as it was just terrible .
0	poor customer service .
1	no one finished their meal .
0	this place is disgusting .
1	failed to clean our table as we finished appetizers and our main course .
0	it looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked .
1	i simply pushed my plate away , finished the meeting , paid my bill .
0	to any new potential new customer out there , please be warned .
1	the large serving was plenty -- i did n't finish them .
0	i had the chicken flatbread and the chicken was more like subway chicken !
1	by the time they were cooked , everyone was finished eating .
0	what turns me off a bit , it always seems dirty .
1	`` should i finish this or no ?
0	maybe i went on a bad day but the food was pretty darn terrible .
1	it was so nasty , we did n't finish our salads .
0	he obviously did n't care at all .
1	i could n't even finish my meal it was so boring and tasteless .
0	shame on me .
1	we did n't even finish the burgers cause they were just okay .
0	my son and i then tasted it ... understood the face after that .
1	she finished my pedi in _num_ mins .
0	not a good dinner place .
1	i barely finished one slice .
0	the first half dragged .
1	i finished the transaction not wanting to argue .
0	not particularly interested in returning for any reason .
1	i was starving and could n't even finish it .
0	i was horrible .
1	i could n't finish the chicken .
0	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
1	i could n't finish my chili relleno plate .
0	they do not have 1/2 price apps !
1	my son did n't finish his pasta .
0	the menu said nothing about that , so i had no idea .
1	( what finish would you chose for your bathroom ?
0	the sandwiches they serve are gross !
1	nearly _num_ hours later , finally finished .
0	i would have given it _num_ stars .
1	both of us could barely eat more than three bites and did n't finish .
0	horrible !
1	so we finish looking at the menu , sat there for another couple minutes .
0	at that point , i had n't put two and two together yet .
1	i could n't even finish it because it was greasy and salty .
0	overall , shopping there is a poor experience .
1	wo n't be ordering here again , or finishing this meal .
0	i have never been treated so badly as a consumer .
1	our son had long finished eating and was bored .
0	it 's fairly disgusting ( sticky tables , trash everywhere ) .
1	_num_ mins to get entree after finishing soup .
0	it also was n't the cleanest place i 've ever seen .
1	we did n't even finish our slices .
0	do you ever leave a place and feel exhausted ?
1	my chardonnay tasted watered down and i did n't finish it .
0	the portions were really small .
1	needless to say i did n't finish it .
0	highly disappointing .
1	the counters are finished with cheap crap as well .
0	terrible .
1	i have never , ever , ever walked out without finishing my food .
0	i ordered a bacon pizza and breaded mushrooms .
1	i could n't finish my dinner i was so mad .
0	i can understand a delay during rush hour , but this was not .
1	did n't finish it either .
0	the golden palace buffet is bad , but at least edible .
1	i finished the veal and what sauce i could scoop up .
0	it was just as lousy as the lunch .
1	well ... i really do n't know how to finish this sentence .
0	just totally inconsiderate .
1	way too rich to finish .
0	this was not the case .
1	neither my mother or i could finish our food .
0	went for the first and last time tonight .
1	i am still here waiting for him to finish _num_ hours later after waiting .
0	i had to walk around the whole restaurant to find my husband .
1	i had a salad and could n't finish it .
0	literally they kept their heads down and refused to make eye contact .
1	he continued to comment for _num_ minutes until i finished my 4th set !
0	first , our waitress was not well informed of the offerings that evening .
1	he did n't finish it .
0	actually i will make sure to spread the word of this terrible experience .
1	i did n't finish it and wo n't be back .
0	that 's about as far as it goes though .
1	did n't finish it .
0	i felt like i spent $ _num_ for absolutely nothing .
1	sat there for _num_ minutes after we finished eating .
0	his side of mac and cheese was laughable .
1	could n't get a water refill until after i was finished with my meal .
0	the manager nowhere to be seen .
1	between two of them they finished one piece and could n't tolerate anymore .
0	gross !
1	no one could finish their steaks either .
0	i sent all the food back shortly into the meal because it was cold .
1	the car was finished saturday at 4:30 .
0	now , i am stuck due to the heavy fees it would cost .
1	by now , my companions had finished eating .
0	employees show no sense of urgency .
1	( they never let me finish it ) .
0	upstairs looks like it 's a club at night .
1	i did n't finish the sandwich .
0	would n't recommend going out of your way for a slice .
1	i did n't finish it .
0	when the food arrived it was mediocre at best .
1	she did not finish the liver .
0	chicken was very tough .
1	they finally finish the job _num_ hours later , i get in my truck .
0	this is not an acceptable response for management .
1	it 's the only bacon cheeseburger i have ever not finished .
0	but you know how some dive bars have charm ?
1	such thick dough i did n't finish even one .
0	we were disappointed .
1	needless to say we left as soon as we finished our drinks .
0	she failed to follow-up when she promised .
1	i 'm not going to finish it .
0	let 's add up those dollars , shall we , time warner ?
1	after finishing mine , we inquired about our take out .
0	he did n't make a comment but i thought , rude .
1	this whole business from start to finish lasted _num_ hours and was very upsetting .
0	worst bar i have ever been to .
1	i immediately stopped eating , finished my beer and left .
0	i told him we would like our $ _num_ back .
1	the asada was n't even finished cooking cause it was so chewy and bloody .
0	for all the hype this was very disappointing .
1	i did not require financing and i was n't finished speaking about my wants .
0	rude .
1	should n't you finish my car before starting work on a different car ?
0	the miso soup was barely average .
1	got horribly sick about _num_ minutes after i finished my meal .
0	it was so spicy i could n't really taste anything .
1	i hardly wanted to finish it but did because i was hungry .
0	the women at the front of the line had been waiting ten minutes .
1	well , it sat on our table for _num_ hours after being finished .
0	actually just had an awful experience with a manager named chris .
1	i could n't even finish it .
0	the gyro sandwich for $ _num_ was ok at best .
1	neither one of my two friends finished their plates .
0	will not eat here again .
1	i did n't finish my food .
0	and the restaurant is empty !
1	our waitress finished up her performance by adding up our bill incorrectly .
0	i rarely give bad reviews , but this was a pretty horrible food experience .
1	i will finish this when i get my car back !
0	the other food was decent , but as i said before was cold .
1	however that should n't take an additional _num_ hours to finish mine up .
0	the steamed mussels arrived in a grey broth that looked like sewage water .
1	could n't finish the sandwich because the bun as hard .
0	i 've eaten there many times in the hopes that maybe i missed something .
1	this was very sour and i could n't even finish it .
0	ridiculous .
1	the pho was really disappointing , like i did n't finish it bad .
0	makes no sense .
1	in fact , he grabbed his tip before we finished our drinks and left .
0	next time your country ass needs to stay home from work .
1	i could only finish half my sandwich and tossed the rest .
0	but the biggest problem is the food and drink .
1	ca n't remember what my wife had but we did n't finish either meal .
0	now i 'm sad , real sad .
1	i did n't even finish the sub .
0	ball within the already limited selection .
1	we finished our dumplings .
0	it was a small roll cut into _num_ pieces ( maki ) .
1	i could n't talk , move , my neck killed ... so he finished .
0	the pittsburgh auto show was held at the david l. convention center .
1	we ate about a quarter of the food & could n't even finish it .
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	unfortunately the server did n't check back with us until after we had finished .
0	never going back .
1	needless to say , none of us finished our food .
0	better luck next time .
1	when i realized she was finished i just wanted to leave .
0	i would n't order food here , again .
1	mortified by this , my wife and i quickly finished and left .
0	so i guess if you want an authentic pittsburgh experience then go here .
1	hard to finish without liquid .
0	this time , overpriced food and bad service .
1	did n't even get a response after i was finished paying and thanked her .
0	we also waited over _num_ minutes before someone even took our order .
1	she returned as we were finishing our meal .
0	stay far away from this place .
1	did not finish my pancakes , and will likely not be returning .
0	but it seemed like i was absolutely bothering the staff this morning .
1	i did n't finish it , and did n't save it for left overs .
0	i probably wo n't be back .
1	my acrylic after she finished was uneven and not even fully covering my nail .
0	located in not such a great part of town .
1	he ordered his usual chicken burrito and could n't even finish it .
0	i will not be a repeat patron .
1	when you are here you really just want to finish up and leave .
0	he could n't have told me that prior ?
1	i stomach turned right after i finished my last bite .
0	glad this is all over .
1	from start to finish , this was a miserable experience .
0	never received a refill on my soda .
1	and it gave me the worst vibe and left after i finished my drink .
0	service was horrible !
1	they finished july _num_ .
0	basically the whole experience was pure torture , which is disappointing .
1	did n't finish them ?
0	i 'm not watching my weight -- i can handle it .
1	when he finished i could n't believe it .
0	however , the service is seriously lacking .
1	i was n't hungry enough to finish my joke plate .
0	unbelievable .
1	the food was good and plentiful , none of us could finish our meal !
0	wo n't be back .
1	just finished eating here and like every other mexican restaurant it 's very disappointing .
0	`` hello , sir .
1	it took _num_ hours and _num_ minutes to finish it .
0	the portion is too small .
1	when she was finished my hair was short - above my shoulders .
0	so i wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff .
1	the second she finished ringing me up , she was back on the phone .
0	they cracked my oil pan and it cost me four hundred dollars to repair .
1	then the owner came over to finish my pedicure .
0	the menu is n't particularly veg friendly , but it 's not too bad .
1	my husband and i could not finish anything .
0	it tends to bring in the worst of people .
1	neither my husband nor i could finish the food .
0	bad service all around !
1	i did n't even finish half the steak !
0	if you are dragged here by your friends , find new friends .
1	finished work looked sloppy and acrylic is already lifting off my nails .
0	the third haircut was just awful : styled awful , looked strange .
1	the dish was so salty i could n't finish it .
0	that is the last money i will spend in that place .
1	finished it quickly and ate the rest of my kids dinner .
0	they really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room .
1	she never even asked if i was finished .
0	it 's bizarre .
1	will finish stay but not again .
0	if _num_ stars were possible i 'd give em .
1	had to get them to finish washing the spots off .
0	so , i got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it .
1	we just finished our staycation at the highly recommended westin kierland resort .
0	no idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way .
1	after i finished my fries i went for my fish sandwich .
0	they do not offer low sodium soy sauce .
1	i could n't even finish the meal .
0	days passed and no call .
1	the finished products were poorly executed in places ( cabinet doors off center ) .
0	it was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots .
1	employees were super rude from start to finish .
0	i walk in , look around , look at the menu ... hmmm .
1	we finished the paperwork and he handed me the paperwork without saying a word .
0	this is something that tram 's has gotten badly wrong every time i visited .
1	out of principle i did n't finish the lemonade order .
0	prices were okay , but no great bargain .
1	the meat on the inside was ok , but i could n't finish it .
0	try their calamari over angel hair yum !
1	my boyfriend had their philly cheesesteak and he could n't finish it .
0	place sucks .
1	i did n't finish it obviously .
0	the sub was not one bit better than subway .
1	as it finished i drove there to pick it up .
0	never going back .
1	from start to finish , the entire evening was a terrible experience .
0	burnt almond torte is not as good as i expected .
1	i ate a little bit , but i did n't want to finish it .
0	shame on you benihana .
1	we could n't finish our meal .
0	it was all mushy breading and very little chicken .
1	the service - inept from start to finish .
0	the bar is really small and the staff was really unfriendly .
1	did n't finish this dish .
0	this was sorely lacking .
1	the conversation ended with john finishing yelling at me and promptly hanging up .
0	the rolls were extremely bland and chewy .
1	unacceptable level of service from start to finish .
0	no time to get additional fabric .
1	and this happened repeatedly as we tried to finish our food .
0	there are better restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	now i am forced to put in another quarter to finish my load .
0	you may want to consider having the pizza delivered .
1	i could n't finish it because it tasted too bitter .
0	very disappointing to me .
1	just poor management or ownership because it is bad from start to finish .
0	i however , ordered the steak and cheese pita and was extremely disappointed .
1	have i quite finished ?
0	i just found the worst breakfast spot in pittsburgh .
1	so , i finished my tea and got up and left .
0	the parking lot is miserable .
1	we could not even finish our food because its so nasty .
0	fake words aside , this pizza really sucks guys .
1	i could n't even finish my food .
0	the mozzarella was unremarkable , deep friend mozzarella in breading .
1	i was really disappointed by the whole meal , from start to finish .
0	my dad and i walked in around _num_ pm on a friday night .
1	this was just awful , start to finish .
0	no explanation at all was given .
1	update : finally got the smoothie _num_ minutes after we finished eating .
0	not only was my order wrong but the lady was very grumpy .
1	left money on the table after finishing my beer and left .
