0	the worst place on earth .
1	the fish was not very flavorful either .
0	it was n't bad , just nothing great .
1	but anyways atm would not help me when my fish died .
0	after waiting another five to ten minutes someone finally came .
1	the fish had no flavor at all and it was way too crispy .
0	the place is dated and could use updating .
1	the quality of the fish was very poor .
0	i will not go back again .
1	walked in on a busy fish fry night for the first time .
0	he immediately brought our waters over and we ordered drinks .
1	the ground pork and salty fish strangely had no texture .
0	not a lot of character , but cheap prices .
1	there was mushy fish and a few tiny tiny shrimp with no flavor either .
0	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
1	the tuna and salmon were pretty much just rice and the mashed fish filling .
0	if i could give it _num_ stars i would .
1	you can tell it is n't fresh fish and never taste super .
0	boring .
1	wanted to order fish and was told they no longer served it .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	butter fish was awful .
0	it was that bad .
1	the fish was old and cold and fries were a very soft .
0	no , i do n't want you to take our food back !
1	the fish did not taste fresh and made me feel sick .
0	very bad service .
1	i am a complete fish lover .
0	i did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left .
1	the dinner ( some kind of fish ) was salty .
0	thank you for wasting my time , i wo n't be back .
1	for an english pub the fish and chips were average at best .
0	my recommendation would be to not buy suits , shirts or shoes here .
1	worried about even trying the fish and the deserts looked gross !
0	just awful .
1	not much fish in the rolls ( disappointing .
0	_num_ .
1	again my fish sandwich which i love is overly dry .
0	food was average , service very bad .
1	like a stale fish smell .
0	it happens !
1	i sure do remember the fish pieces being alot bigger .
0	one of the worst steak sandwiches i 've ever eaten .
1	once again , the fish we had was of mediocre quality at best .
0	it was just okay as a whole .
1	the breading covering the fish was like bird food .
0	i then recieved the bill the next month and the price had no change .
1	do you mean to tell me that the fish was originally $ _num_ .
0	not horrible , just nothing to write home about .
1	fish is too thick for batter .
0	needless to say ... i will never go there again !
1	secondly , i had ordered the cod sandwich and the fish was burnt .
0	when i checked out , the front desk staff was missing .
1	the fish was bad and smelled .
0	each visit was more bizarre than the time before .
1	the tuna and spinach roll was fine but the fish was nothing very memorable .
0	do not get your alterations done at this location !
1	i really hate tasteless fish .
0	ball within the already limited selection .
1	it tasted and smelled like fish that had been sitting out for _num_ days .
0	it was very inexpensive and i understand why .
1	if you like getting ripped off and buying sick fish be my guess .
0	it was horrible .
1	if your looking for fresh fish , this is not a place for you .
0	it was good thing we was on vacation so we had time to waste .
1	it tasted and smelled like fish .
0	do not order steak or prime rib here .
1	the fish and shrimp are overpriced and way too heavily breaded .
0	second , the sodas are not free refills !
1	only chicken , carne asada or fish .
0	fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks .
1	no rice , no fish , no nothing .
0	i was unable to comfortably eat for approx .
1	the fish was n't the most flavorful .
0	you have been warned ... stay away !
1	stopped by today and picked up a fish and chicken taco .
0	also , parking was shit .
1	spicy tuna rolls were not fresh and smelled like fish .
0	well , it was overpriced and the food was terrible .
1	frozen , greasy , tasteless , heavy on bland batter and light on fish .
0	i ca n't even rate this place !
1	my co-worker ordered the fish there she even did n't like her food .
0	the bed was dirty too .
1	and the fish is thinly sliced .
0	then , i went to go hang out with my best friend immediately after .
1	texture and temperature of the fish scared me .
0	the sales lady made an annoying appearance every ten minutes .
1	it was more like overpriced fish sticks .
0	the whole experience can be both amusing and depressing at the same time .
1	the food came out and the fish on appearance looked fried .
0	i think i 'll be going elsewhere next time .
1	nothing complex , either ( _num_ fish and chips and a baked artichoke ) .
0	i just felt i was rushed out of there .
1	my fish was so `` fishy '' i could n't eat it .
0	needless to say , she would n't leave us alone .
1	there are fish tanks with large fish in them .
0	price was as i expected for a nice looking salon .
1	_num_ ) the catfish was a complete fish with bones .
0	the chilli they use is worse than that mystery meat texas pete canned chilli .
1	it was way overcooked , hard and tasted like tuna fish .
0	bad !
1	fish was mushy , no fish taste , aroma , or texture .
0	over all this meal was a wash .
1	additionally the fish was not hot , fishy tasting and overall not good .
0	i get there only to find out they have nothing ready .
1	i then ordered to fish tacos which were horrible .
0	my sister for a deal for _num_ and day in the _num_ season .
1	( i guess you can only get good fish tacos in cali . )
0	i am able to help move , i just could n't do it alone .
1	however it took _num_ minutes to get each order of fish .
0	i hate writing a less than stellar review of a business .
1	he did n't charge us for the fish and chips , but beware .
0	but this was pretty bad .
1	sole is a tender fish and does n't need much cooking .
0	the actual equipment is ok , but the locker rooms are pretty bad .
1	in my book , selling old and bad fish is inexcusable at any cost .
0	what horrible service this place gives !
1	the fried fish can now go down as the worst i 've ever had .
0	cardboard .
1	only to be offered _num_ bucks off a new fish ?
0	i can not review the food .
1	they would n't even refund our money for the fish we had bought .
0	there was absolutely no care or thought put into this salad .
1	unfortunately the fish was not edible , at all .
0	it was all beans and guacamole .
1	we ordered salad and the chicken and fish on top was dry and gross .
0	really bad italian food .
1	it was cooked well , but for _num_ it was tiny piece of fish .
0	guess not .
1	i could not eat raw fish .
0	i fall into the later category : i did n't like it at all .
1	i now realize the chef was hiding bad fish with massive amounts of wasabi .
0	not worth $ _num_ unfortunately the sausage platter was $ _num_ .
1	$ _num_ for a fried fish .
0	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
1	the fish was not as fresh and prices were higher .
0	the ac in the room also did not seem to operate properly .
1	seriously , $ _num_ for _num_ skimpy , dry pieces of fried fish ?
0	but do n't expect that feeling here .
1	their fish and produce was gross !
0	disgusting & totally unsanitary imo .
1	the first two bites did n't even have fish in them , just breading .
0	do yourself a favor and avoid the original fish market .
1	fish taco had _num_ % cabbage on it n barely any fish .
0	gross .
1	the fish is sliced too thick and it was chewy .
0	_num_ star average ?
1	not much flavor in the shrimp or fish .
0	the service was horrible .
1	two types of fish , steaks , pork chop , saffron pasta .
0	however , as a guest , i would not go back .
1	methinks one might get better fish cuts with more regular patronage .
0	we sat down for lunch after checking into our hotel room .
1	maybe , but i will only order the fish .
0	i just have n't been impressed by anything i 've ordered there .
1	the texture of the fish was not right .
0	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
1	the salted fish fried rice was ok .
0	still , i think there are newer hotels that provide the same .
1	the shrimp in the fish and chips were just terrible .
0	horrible experience .
1	overall , it was a larger than average portion for a good fish sandwich .
0	we had reservations for _num_ people at 7pm this past saturday .
1	the fish sandwich is bland on a generic bun .
0	we were seated and then waited _num_ minutes to even be greeted .
1	fried rice and flounder fish was okay .
0	horrible service and food .
1	the fish is not that good and frankly did n't taste of superior quality .
0	it really feels like a total lack of effort , honesty and professionalism .
1	and the rice to fish ratio in the rolls was way off .
0	they had _num_ opportunities to assist us with the process and ignored us .
1	ordered baked fish for $ _num_ .
0	the breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable .
1	cheap food , but everything fried on a friday tastes like fish .
0	she gave me an attitude .
1	the fish was completely dried out and tasteless .
0	terrible tuxedo rentals !
1	ok , so they were n't bad , but the fish was dry .
0	and _num_ bbq dishes .
1	the thing is the fish does not taste fresh at all !
0	holy ... cannoli ... get me out of here !
1	the fish was hot and crispy .
0	we would be paying several hundred dollars to get the doors installed .
1	the chicken and fish is not fresh .
0	my jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke .
1	feels like due to thanksgiving , shipping fresh fish was backed up .
0	the bar staff was n't concerned with us and were n't friendly at all .
1	the fish was like wet cardboard ( i think it was fish ?
0	not good .
1	bought _num_ fish from kevin last week .
0	this place is the worst ever .
1	i had n't realized before that you could dry out such an oily fish .
0	just so rude .
1	what came was batter , no fish .
0	this is probably one of the worst olive garden i have been to .
1	the fish die not his .
0	worst chinese food in pittsburgh !
1	pretty terrible quality of raw fish and uni .
0	yelp as well as the online website said they close at _num_ .
1	i got a fish it 's was cold and tasted horrible .
0	that 's why i gave it two stars instead of one .
1	they could not have overcooked the vegetables , shrimp , and fish more .
0	i am not holding my breath here .
1	in fact , i started to worry that maybe the fish had gone bad .
0	it was quite mediocre for old school burgers and fries .
1	dr fish is an ok oral surgeon .
0	i was a bit disappointed with the pizza i got .
1	black cod fish ( _num_ stars ) : perfectly cooked .
0	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
1	quality of fish is near rock bottom .
0	it 's awful and we wo n't be going back .
1	the salty fish fried rice tasted like they forgot to add fish to it .
0	my biggest complaint is pricing .
1	we had attended the fish market last night , as a party of _num_ .
0	the ambiance is a little strange .
1	the fry fish was $ _num_ where elsewhere charges _num_ .
0	try as he could , he could not do it all .
1	there was no shrimp , crab legs , or any kind of shell fish .
0	`` nah '' it was _num_ .
1	it 's only half a cut of the fish !
0	i do n't understand how this place is even in business .
1	also the quality of fish has suffered as well .
0	and then _num_ minutes later , a fifth entree was brought out .
1	btw , some of their fish do n't have a _num_ day warranty .
0	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
1	the lo mein noodles smelled like fish .
0	i needed a cut so i went for it anyway .
1	i could have cooked better fish .
0	bad for an adult who is looking for something tasty .
1	the fish had too much batter and flavorless .
0	not crispy looking , not seasoned .
1	worst fish and chips i 've ever had .
0	however it was unprofessional of our waitress to pass buck .
1	fish was very skimpy and not good .
0	the quality of service from the staff was inconsistent .
1	i believe that 's a sin to serve frozen fish for sushi .
0	we do n't care !
1	also my roll was tiny and had very little fish .
0	the management at this restaurant is horrendous .
1	my husband then asks for fried fish .
0	just average unfortunately .
1	the fish was edible , but there is way better fish fry out there .
0	they are the worst company to ever deal with all they want is money !
1	the fish over couscous was cooked well .
0	i ended up buying american tires for the same price elsewhere .
1	i ordered the fish basket , which for wisconsin should never be bad .
0	the gelato counter was disappointing .
1	the price of the nasty fish i just ate pissed me off further .
0	these guys are definitely lazy !
1	fish was not fresh .
0	i spent $ _num_ for only one edible thing worth $ _num_ .
1	bought _num_ similar fish at another store the next day .
0	very disappointing easter dinner .
1	rotten fish !
0	the service was the most appalling i have ever experienced .
1	six of us went here for friday night fish .
0	man were they wrong !
1	i 've had the fish tacos which were a little bland .
0	drink prices are n't anything special and cocktails are n't that strong .
1	the fish was not fresh and the rice was bland .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	the selection was meat , pork , chicken and fish .
0	quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price .
1	fried fish , crab cakes , _num_ stuffed shrimp , fries , onion strings .
0	terrible service .
1	several dead fish in both tanks of the ones i bought from .
0	also the ambiance of anthony 's is not the same .
1	the quality of the fish was not that great .
0	poor customer service when trying to use reward from app .
1	my bland plate of fish was n't something i 'll come back for .
0	i am not exaggerating in the least .
1	the quality of the fish seemed worse than red lobster .
0	long lines , overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait .
1	fish was not chilled so sushi did not taste fresh .
0	it 's not hard .
1	my girlfriend ordered the fish along with fries and baked beans .
0	i do n't normally get my beer from there .
1	my fish was overcooked and no apology made when i had it sent back .
0	the good : the ladies who run the registers are personable and helpful .
1	fish was soggy and just not good altogether .
0	i will not be a repeat patron .
1	the fish was very dry and overcooked .
0	there 's never any reason to be rude to your patrons .
1	the fish was tough because it was over fried and the breading was sliding .
0	so cold i would n't even consider hopping in really quick .
1	mom and i both ordered the fish sandwich with mac n cheese .
0	disappointed , big time .
1	there were a few pieces that did n't even have fish in them .
0	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
1	fish is not fresh .
0	the slaw was reasonably good and cold .
1	the fish was bad .
0	under no circumstances would i eat here again .
1	no flavor just a plain tasting white fish .
0	i will not be returning in the future .
1	i just waited one hour for a veggie omelette that tasted like fish .
0	they refuse to put a camera in the package room , parking lot too .
1	the fish was bland and overcooked , and the fries were pretty terrible .
0	there is no excuse .
1	the fish was n't much better , definitely not what we had hoped for .
0	extremely disappointed in this dish .
1	just poor quality fish , no attention to detail .
0	my night was ruined thanks to this pizza hut .
1	the fried fish was greasy and the chicken , too .
0	well , it does get one from point a to point b in pittsburgh .
1	no fish .
0	my salad came out shortly after the appetizer sliders .
1	while the fish was ok , it did not come with tartar sauce .
0	no he did n't !
1	we also regularly purchase fish and pet food from this store without incident .
0	in all honesty i would 've rather had five guys or in-n-out burgers .
1	out of menu items , mushy food , fishy fish , etc .
0	big waste of time and gas .
1	also dead floating fish where the spider monkey island is .
0	no sauce much and cheap cheese .
1	the rice is hard and the fish is not fresh .
0	had to pull forward and wait another ten minutes for food .
1	- no tartar or cocktail sauce for the fish in sight .
0	service was mediocre but the food was poor .
1	my mom and dad ordered the fish and i got the cobb salad .
0	possible the most frustrating company i have ever interacted with .
1	i went there saturday , bit into a burger and it tasted like fish .
0	i had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce .
1	i told her , then i did n't want the fish and chips .
0	good food , but poor service at this particular location .
1	th fish was over cooked .
0	the wonton soup was watery , and the wontons were inedible .
1	the fish is n't anything special either .
0	that said ... for _num_ people , my lunch tab came to $ _num_ .
1	my boyfriend ordered the hot fish , but it was way too salty .
0	also the mushrooms were out of a can .
1	no tanks filled with fish for sale .
0	i get the same meal constantly and pay different prices everytime .
1	first of all the quality of the fish was not great .
0	when i complained how they failed to honor my reservation mr .
1	they fried the cheapest fish , not even tilapia .
0	i guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it .
1	it was just big cubes of frozen fish .
0	and i quickly remembered why !
1	no other types of fish .
0	very disappointed with this restaurant .
1	the fish was hard in texture like it had been frozen for too long .
0	the decorations look like they 're straight out of an _num_ 's music video .
1	the fresh fish selection is horrible .
0	shady and terribly run nail salon .
1	fish was greasy , dark , and burned .
0	nothing was the way i ordered it !
1	my boyfriends fish was also disappointing .
0	bland and awful .
1	i found a long blond hair in my fish .
0	after a lengthy wait we ended up sitting at separate tables .
1	the fish was okay , it was the preparation that was inconsistent and poor .
0	i 'm definitely not coming back .
1	the fish was tough and the other dish was simply inedible .
0	not worth your money .
1	quite frankly , the fish was n't good at all .
0	terrible terrible service .
1	could hardly find or taste the fish .
0	got a full set and the exact same thing happened _num_ days later .
1	the rolls fell apart and the fish was sliced thin .
0	it 's not .
1	he also ran off another customer who asked what kind of fish they served .
0	too much dressing in a salad that did n't even fill the bowl .
1	there was literally almost no fish .
0	never again will i go to this location .
1	i ordered the _num_ shrimp , _num_ fish and chips combo .
0	_num_ mins .
1	the fish and chips looked great but it did n't taste like anything !
0	and each time i 've gone , my haircut has been ... .
1	there was n't much flavor in both and the fish was n't very fresh .
0	his broccoli was rock hard - like wood !
1	mahi mahi is just chunks of cooked fish .
0	mediocre at best .
1	smallest portion of fish i 've ever had at a fish fry .
0	how can i help you today ? ''
1	i cut into it and the fish was n't even cooked .
0	will never return to any location !
1	my husband had the fish tacos which were good .
0	so if you 're coming to drink ... not so bad .
1	the fish was grilled , but i could barely taste it .
0	$ _num_ ?
1	the fish was totally not fresh and did n't taste almost at all .
0	for a downtown attempt at luxury this is bad .
1	which is unfortunate because the fish was actually decent .
0	the service was not that professional !
1	the steamed fish was dry and smelled bad ; like the fish was old .
0	they screwed up my order and refused to fix it .
1	the fish fried rice did not actually include any fish .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	so i order one of the specials , which is tofu soup and fish .
0	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
1	the food was greasy and the fish not that great .
0	every time i have been to cafe sam i have been very disappointed .
1	the fish was more mushy than anything .
0	how does this place still exist of every place on the waterfront !
1	the fish was bland .
0	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
1	the person next to me ordered the beer battered giant fish sandwich .
0	lack of flavor really hurts them in my opinion .
1	my bacon was limp and my scrambled eggs were runny and smelled like fish .
