0	we did n't have a problem taking it to go .
1	are you assuming we do n't have the money to fix it ?
0	do they even have tables for _num_ ?
1	i tried to fix my bike tires myself after the tube popped .
0	i personally would not go back , even though the food was fantastic .
1	i had to go to _num_ different mechanics to have it fixed .
0	so if this was based on food i would give buca a _num_ .
1	guess where i wo n't be going to get it fixed ?
0	if a cold beer is all you want , go for it .
1	they wo n't fix it and now it 's virtually worthless .
0	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
1	i called discount tire and they fixed it for free .
0	_num_ .
1	they sent out the same technician , mike , to fix it .
0	it is a shame because buffalo blues does have potential .
1	i went here to fix a bad hair cut at the last minute .
0	the bathroom was awful , bedding lumpy and ancient , and the lighting poor .
1	another employee tried to help me fix it and screwed that up too .
0	so , we were n't allowed to sit at the bar or a table .
1	they asked me if i could wait _num_ minutes while they fixed the order .
0	i stood there for approx 5-7 mins before i was even acknowledged .
1	hopefully someone from petsmart corporate reads this review and fixes this problem .
0	go to sesame inn in north hills and other locations .
1	fix it or turn it off .
0	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
1	they never fixed that problem .
0	i ordered the pasta trio , and my husband ordered the risotto .
1	they took my _num_ and now wo n't honor fixing their crappy job .
0	take the extra _num_ minutes to drive to the south hills location .
1	however , i fixed the issue and tried to communicate that to them .
0	awful service , overpriced food .
1	`` the repair man that fixed them did not do it right .
0	_num_ the bread .
1	no one was there to fix it ... closest guy was in scottsdale .
0	_num_ .
1	and they refuse to fix it !
0	it 's all crap .
1	that did n't fix it so we took it back again .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	never even tried to fix it .
0	i can not eat this .
1	she had to go elsewhere to get fixed .
0	we decided to try room service ... what a mistake .
1	therefore i addressed it the next day they refused to fix it .
0	no appointments available for tomorrow .
1	the one he fixed all he had to do was remove some links !
0	worse than cans .
1	i gave them _num_ full business days to fix my car .
0	also , they really have the worst customer service i have ever dealt with .
1	as for sitting down , i would avoid it until they fix some issues .
0	a regular ice cream cone was $ _num_ .
1	my flat is fixed .
0	_num_ minutes later ... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there .
1	the owners do nothing to attempt fixing it up .
0	ehh ... it 's not all that .
1	went back to have the _num_ fixed , _num_ still did n't work .
0	they know my measurements , they should know what size i should get !
1	spend just over $ _num_ to get a coolant leak fixed .
0	this showmars is under new management and it sucks !
1	never going here for a pho fix again that 's for sure .
0	it 's unacceptable .
1	charge $ _num_ or more to fix a $ _num_ part .
0	our service was awful as well .
1	they might eventually get to fixing , or not .
0	not cool !
1	just go further down east wash if you need a crappy taco fix .
0	big league cities need big league transportation .
1	i walked in and there was a white lady getting her bike fixed .
0	i got a medium _num_ topping and this pizza was very bland to me .
1	it took forever to fix .
0	oh , but wait until i got my bill !
1	they told me it would be about another _num_ to fix it again .
0	wrong .
1	unfortunately , i needed my car fixed .
0	the food was ok but nothing to great .
1	we all proceed to go back and the man says he can fix it .
0	the beer is cheap .
1	come on , people , fix up the place - okay ?
0	needless to say , i will never return to this restaurant .
1	( they had already come twice before and the problem was still not fixed .
0	$ _num_ locker .
1	so they are fixing that too , so hear i sit for _num_ hours !
0	when we walked in , it was like we were in the south pacific .
1	they fixed the flat no problem for $ _num_ .
0	really sad about this one .
1	manager overheard everything ... nobody said sorry or try to fix the problem !
0	they are out dated and their customer `` service '' is non existent .
1	we 've been missing our cuban craving fix since moving here to phoenix .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	they just need to fix the front of the house .
0	the chicken piccata was flavorful , but not as expected .
1	_num_ ) fix the windows so guests can open them .
0	pricey and does n't live up to it at all .
1	that 's such an easy fix , it just shows they do n't care .
0	and am not a fan of the _num_ % .
1	inquired about fixing my wedding ring as i had a diamond baguette fall off .
0	coffee makers were loudly talking , and seemed annoyed at my presence .
1	they did not fix the building by the way .
0	it was super busy and only _num_ employees were making food .
1	it was fixed but only for a few days .
0	customer service was poor and unfriendly .
1	they 've been here _num_ times and it is not fixed .
0	_num_ minutes later _num_ people still in line .
1	they went ahead and fix their mistake and added oil to it .
0	gross much ?
1	the repairs were n't fixed very well either .
0	my son 's macaroni and cheese was salty and cold .
1	they made me wait _num_ hour to fix it .
0	port authority sucks !
1	to fix a flat ?
0	i also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink .
1	looks like i 'm back to fixing it myself .
0	i needed a patch so i could go on about my day .
1	they never fix the problem , or attempt to make it right .
0	unfortunately , it is yet another example of poorly made americanized italian food .
1	as an act of goodwill bike barn offered to fix the problem for free .
0	shame on me .
1	no apology and it took over a week to fix the error .
0	the front staff was rude , and the wait was too long .
1	if it was n't broke , why in the world would you fix it ?
0	did n't get all of the items i ordered and paid for !
1	then i come home and fix it myself in _num_ min !
0	she was generally nice and probably embarrassed for serving such crappy food .
1	the workers were just standing around not bothering to clean or fix anything .
0	mediocre at best .
1	they wanted to charge me $ _num_ to fix it .
0	at this point we still had not seen our server .
1	not sure if this was fixed or not .
0	i just ca n't imagine having to deal with this a year .
1	i 'm gon na fix that rat .
0	it 's a shame b/c better service would have made the experience decent .
1	my hope is that they fix their problems .
0	_num_ .
1	i do n't trust them to fix it so i took them elsewhere .
0	_num_ .
1	the only time they are ever fixed are when the rent is due .
0	worst grocery store i 've ever been to .
1	i brought my boots here to get fixed .
0	if i could give negative star rating i would .
1	she said she was going to go and try to fix the bad writing .
0	i will not be back .
1	they sort of fixed it but not really .
0	here 's where it gets bad .
1	no offer to actually fix it .
0	wo n't be coming back anytime soon .
1	went there for _num_ problem the main problem was fixed but costly .
0	gross .
1	fixed the mistake , should have stuck with the shake .
0	i walked in and was a little surprised .
1	fix your wifi for _num_ stars .
0	avoid this crap hole at all costs .
1	then they wanted to charge over $ _num_ to fix this problem .
0	worst place ever !
1	i gave them plenty of chances to just fix it ... .
0	disappointing experience after almost a year since the last time i was here .
1	2nd , no refund or potential fix .
0	honestly , there were _num_ people in the restaurant .
1	too many other spots to get your fix .
0	done in less than _num_ hours .
1	and get your credit card machine fixed , you fool .
0	one word ; gross .
1	however they did n't fix it .
0	slow service and response .
1	steve and lisa the gm said they would fix the problem .
0	was n't worth it for me .
1	and in this matter they simply refused to fix it .
0	worst experience .
1	they screwed up my order and refused to fix it .
0	the service has been poor almost every time i went .
1	she was going to fix the problem right away .
0	i am just hoping that i do n't get food poisoning later tonight .
1	when i go in there they always fix the problem right away .
0	not a fan of the service .
1	he tried but did not know how to fix the problem .
0	we got there around _num_ and had no wait for a table .
1	there were no apologies and no attempts to fix the situation .
0	their food is gross and i 've seen nice running around in there .
1	they attempted to fix our water pump and made the car worse .
0	we ordered an app and unfortunately this is where our problems began .
1	i 'll make that drive next time i need my lobster fix .
0	rice is a little plain but i just add some soy sauce .
1	he told me it would cost me _num_ to fix the phone .
0	extremely rude lady works there on sundays .
1	our waitress was rude and did t want to fix the issue .
0	_num_ .
1	i figured i would go in and they would fix at no charge right ?
0	they were cold but did not taste fresh .
1	however they offered to `` fix '' it at a later date .
0	the filet was decent but not $ _num_ worth of decent .
1	i brought my toyota here last week to have the rear brakes fixed .
0	please know that i hate leaving bad reviews .
1	it would 've taken very little effort to fix it for us .
0	Negative
1	anyway , i was glad last year that they fixed up the decor .
0	the quality of service from the staff was inconsistent .
1	maintenance problems take forever to get fixed .
0	really though someone had to have messed up my dish .
1	once i approved the repairs , it took almost _num_ weeks to fix .
0	never going back .
1	he seemed more interested getting away from the situation rather than fix it .
0	penne was mediocre at best .
1	and the store manger could n't fix that day .
0	this school is a terrible deal for what you pay .
1	this typically fixed me up within a week or so .
0	when was the last time you ate chinese food that was cold ?
1	things get fixed fairly quickly .
0	i asked them three times to please try and they refused all three times .
1	needless to say , i went to another nail salon to get them fixed .
0	whoever designed this place should be shot .
1	they get a _num_ cuz they at least fixed the problem .
0	elevator always has problems .
1	the equipment would often break down and never get fixed .
0	they do everything they can to charge you extra fees .
1	i thought i was going to die without my caffeine fix .
0	could someone have asked us if we wanted a drink ?
1	things get broken and never fixed .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	when you make it too sweet for someone 's personal tastes , fix it .
0	horrible !
1	they wo n't fix the problem nor exchange or refund tickets .
0	we had reservations , which was good because it was packed that saturday night .
1	and fix your hat , it looks ridiculous like that .
0	never again , they are off my list .
1	i took my truck there _num_ times and it still was n't fixed right .
0	you treat the employees like dogs - like one level above dirt .
1	they did n't even fix it .
0	i could n't even taste the crab !
1	they called me with a totally different problem the cost to fix was outrageous .
0	there was absolutely no salt of them when they came out .
1	luckily , i only got one thing fixed but i will not be back .
0	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
1	i think i 'll try some place else for my cuban fix .
0	very poor management .
1	despite several complaints at the front y desk it was n't fixed .
0	i have eaten here before and never had any problems .
1	i said i will get them fixed later to avoid more charges .
0	no reply .
1	as for us , this will be the 5th attempt to fix this dishwasher !
0	in fact , it was awful .
1	did n't even seem to want to fix it .
0	worst thai restaurant in pittsburgh .
1	i 'm not kidding when i say it could have been an easy fix .
0	not a smart move on my part .
1	she came back to the table nervous and said they would n't fix it .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	`` if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . ''
0	!
1	so i had to leave and wait for the referral to be fixed .
0	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
1	why not offer to fix it ?
0	he can not get the shape right to save his life .
1	they fixed something else instead and gave it back .
0	the bartenders attitude were like `` we r annoyed cause we r there '' .
1	we call someone out to fix it and it just falls apart again .
0	going here is like being in a time machine though .
1	they completely mess up , then send someone else back to fix the problem .
0	but i do n't get it .
1	my take-out order was wrong , and they made no effort to fix it .
0	i feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter .
1	$ _num_ dollar fix .
0	i waited _num_ minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence .
1	they supposedly fixed the issue but i know it has not been fixed .
0	another mistake was sitting outside when they are trying to bring people in .
1	they knew it would be several thousand to fix .
0	under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order .
1	you should have said something earlier and i could have fixed it . ''
0	well , this place manages to be worse than it .
1	said they fixed the hole to `` help me out '' no !
0	the only good thing was that the cheese biscuits here are bomb !
1	should be and easy fix , should be , well it was n't .
0	worst eggs benedict experience i 've ever had .
1	the manager fixed it but never told me it was ready .
0	avoid this place .
1	the owner refused to replace , or even attempt to fix it .
0	and the store is dirty , just as others have said .
1	the car was supposed to be fixed by close of business today .
0	lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people !
1	east side never fixed the problem but they were glad to keep my money .
0	the bartender does n't belong in the business .
1	they only fixed the lights , not the tv remote .
0	we always took the trash out .
1	they claimed it fixed , but it 's not .
0	go for drinks and nothing more .
1	took this firm four tries to fix my air conditioner last july .
0	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
1	went here today to try and fix a broken tooth .
0	horrible place !
1	they do not inspect the cars and can not fix brakes properly .
0	worst wait times ever , staff is inefficient .
1	booked an appointment , and they fixed the issue .
0	we should have requested another waitress at that moment .
1	i gave the management a heads up , and it was not fixed .
0	we did n't get anything , and that was a little disappointing .
1	they screwed up my bill and took forever to fix .
0	they do not take responsibility for their mistakes .
1	no fix , no refund , no nothing .
0	not much of a coconut taste either .
1	the next time i came back to get my ac fixed .
0	but my patience was not even worth it .
1	property could not fix .
0	the food was underwhelming at best .
1	he said no problem i 'll fix them .
0	this place went from great to horrible .
1	stop apologizing and fix the problem !
0	it is my pet peeve .
1	it was fixed promptly , but made a bad first impression .
0	apparently old cookies are standard here .
1	so i believe him and they fix it too .
0	service is not friendly .
1	she totally failed to fix the situation .
0	waitresses were overwhelmed and avoided us .
1	never offered to fix me something else but did offer dessert ... .
0	however , when we got there the buffet was well picked over .
1	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
0	i would absolutely not return to this salon .
1	i will just fix it myself instead of going back there .
0	lots of drink choices ... beers ... wines ... mixed drinks .
1	after i came back they fixed it without even saying sorry .
0	they should have cut off orders if they were that overwhelmed !
1	you can get your dim sum fix and forget about it .
0	i also ordered boneless ribs , which were pretty good .
1	that was fixed by maintenance within about _num_ minutes to an hour .
0	service was absolutely dismal for no good reason .
1	fix your debit machine on the pumps or at least require a zip code !
0	( _num_ minutes on hold ) ... ... ... ... ... ... still transferred .
1	after finally fixing gates so they operated properly , they wanted final payment .
0	ash trays all over the bar .
1	stay away from this restaurant until they fix their issues .
0	we had to send the potatoes back because they were cold .
1	they did n't even want to try and fix their mistake .
0	maybe we just went to the wrong primanti bros location .
1	i went into this location today to have a problem with my iphone fixed .
0	buffalo blues was neither .
1	no one to fix at night .
0	i am _num_ and my sisters are younger than i am .
1	poor management is hooters problem and they need to fix it .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	btw , no one ever showed up to fix the air .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ '' italian and $ _num_ for _num_ '' mushroom steak .
1	maintenance takes weeks to fix things .
0	we did n't realize most of the restaurants are closed on mondays .
1	i went in to ben jewelers to have a ring fixed .
0	more disappointing than the service was the food , which was really underwhelming .
1	never did she ask not offer to fix it .
0	the coffee was expensive and tasted like dirt .
1	when that was fixed , the lines did n't roll over properly .
0	the wonton soup was horrible .
1	they 'll say they 're going to fix the gates , they wo n't .
0	food was ok , nothing much to speak of .
1	i got a fill and a fix because i broke a nail .
0	this place is just not our usual dive bar .
1	fix your mistake , and do n't charge me extra for it .
0	she had to check with kitchen several times to answer our questions .
1	my son went here to get his brakes fixed , charging them $ _num_ .
0	it was just ordinary .
1	but will look elsewhere for my pasta fix .
0	i would n't come here for anything .
1	i called my doctor and she was able to fix it in _num_ mins .
0	the staff completely ignored it .
1	the groupon does n't cover what they had to do to fix my hair .
0	_num_ .
1	they apologized which i appreciate , but it does n't fix anything .
0	but do n't expect that feeling here .
1	the restaurant is also outdated and needs some fixing up .
0	i gave her the benefit of the doubt & i completely regret it .
1	the maintenance is quick and responsive , have always fixed things and quickly .
0	very dim lighting somewhere between romantic and creepy .
1	they tried to fix the broken telephone but were n't really successful .
0	meh is the only thing i leave here feeling .
1	drink came out wrong and server did n't even offer to fix it .
0	also the food was bland and pretty much flavorless , very disappointing .
1	the menu was prix fixed at $ _num_ .
0	actually there was nothing basement like about it .
1	smells bad , constant construction that seems to never get fixed .
0	i had a burger and it was pathetic .
1	i asked her to fix it and she said oh so sorry too late .
0	okay bagels though a little overpriced .
1	cactus garage door was very unprofessional when it came to fixing my garage .
0	but one is supposed to come here for steak .
1	he came & fixed my problem quickly .
0	never going back .
1	i would never recommend them to fix anyone 's garage .
0	the kids menu was quite pathetic and expensive !
1	do not get your car fixed here !
0	the owner ( larger woman ) is rude and dismissive of my questions .
1	the driver clearly took more orders before getting our fixed pizza out .
0	my minimum tip is $ _num_ , even at the cheapest places .
1	no offer to fix it at that point .
0	selection of veggies are ok .
1	then i scheduled a technician to come out and fix it .
0	the beer was decent , it 's just draft beer here .
1	_num_ hours sitting at a shop to fix the rim .
0	i am definitely going elsewhere next time .
1	dont they have a fix it guy for issues like this ?
0	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
1	nor am i interested helping you fix what you have ruined .
0	it 's not a very good longhorn .
1	$ _num_ later , car is fixed .
0	she disappeared for about _num_ minutes before returning .
1	so i went back to have it fixed .
