0	why did n't they do that in the first place .
1	that ended up being a _num_ foot by _num_ foot safe .
0	there are other italian grocery stores close by .
1	you can guarantee i will never step foot in this place again .
0	and _num_ bbq dishes .
1	the stromboli was probably over a foot long and it was gigantic .
0	i personally ordered the lobster and shrimp tacos and they were served cold .
1	they stopped about _num_ feet from me .
0	plus i was served teriyaki fajitas .
1	just not a very good foot doctor .
0	if this is the case then my oh my how the mighty have fallen .
1	the place still smelled like rotten feet .
0	sucks , sucks , sucks .
1	good bar foot and a good beer selection .
0	my mom had spaghetti with meat sauce and said it was just mediocre .
1	as another yelper stated previously the technician was rough on my feet .
0	horrible .
1	the hour long foot massage i paid for lasted _num_ minutes .
0	not that the food was bad it just was n't good !
1	never again , will i step foot in this location .
0	_num_ cents per slice for every topping ?
1	they jump the wall by my place because it 's only _num_ feet high .
0	completely disappointing .
1	will not set foot in another harkins theater .
0	i refuse to patronize any business that only accepts cash .
1	my nails look good and my feet are very smooth .
0	simply awful .
1	i was so mad i did n't even bother to get my feet done .
0	i also thought it was extremely over priced .
1	the dance floor is about _num_ by _num_ feet .
0	nasty !
1	this is the worst urgent care i have ever stepped foot in .
0	the entire restaurant could use a thorough cleaning .
1	but all in all , i was n't knocked off my feet .
0	a turn off .
1	until he is gone , i will never set foot in that place again .
0	if i could give this place _num_ starts i would .
1	she will never get a tip from me nor ever do my feet again .
0	i go once or twice a week roughly , but never again .
1	it was barely _num_ feet tall and super small .
0	port authority sucks !
1	and i am very happy with my hands and feet .
0	i was pretty disappointed by this experience .
1	i will never step foot in a hooters again after this experience .
0	i 'm not sure what was worse food or service .
1	they dragged their feet getting quotes and then finally scheduling a repair .
0	no concierge .
1	i had to pull my foot away and say you are burning me !
0	i heard her talking about customers very badly .
1	still ca n't beat a $ _num_ foot long .
0	hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain .
1	then she was complaining that she was hungry & her feet was tired .
0	apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town .
1	as a result i will never step foot in that shop again .
0	i stuck them in my mouth and wow ... they were flavorless .
1	never will i step foot in a del taco again !
0	i 'd give this store negative stars if there was an option .
1	he left me with my feet in a bucket of water and disappeared .
0	the tomato was hard as rock .
1	the water smelled disgusting like smelly feet .
0	no stars !
1	i will never step foot in that place again .
0	also , the staff was fairly rude and all had chips on their shoulders .
1	never again will i step foot in this shop .
0	most of our bill was the wine .
1	would never step foot in that place again .
0	this was an expensive skirt , completely ruined .
1	they could n't touch my car with a ten foot pole .
0	i do n't know how corporate keeps this place open .
1	now ... not to be disgusting , but my feet get dry .
0	service was very bad today .
1	i ordered a foot long hot dog .
0	the lady who runs the office is unpleasant and rude .
1	and explain that rolls are sold in _num_ , _num_ foot rolls .
0	but they sure sold it to me .
1	anyhow , i look down and my dogs foot is bleeding .
0	_num_ mins later we get our refills .
1	i will never set foot in hear again .
0	we will not be back .
1	i am never setting foot in this establishment again .
0	why would anyone even pay for such lousy food ?
1	needless to say i will never step foot in that store again .
0	thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table .
1	my feet are feeling great !
0	i 've had the pork nachos and they were blah .
1	i will never set foot in this racist establishment again !
0	to date that has not happened .
1	there was a lighting guy literally _num_ feet away .
0	the restaurant has carpet which i find off putting .
1	i could n't believe how this guy drug his feet .
0	manager embarrassed himself .
1	a pedi place and a foot massage place next door to one another ?
0	but this was not what i had in mind .
1	we sat in a foot bath for almost _num_ minutes .
0	well , it was overpriced and the food was terrible .
1	i was asked to never set foot on the premises again .
0	overall , the experience was horrible .
1	personally , i will never step foot in his restaurants again .
0	this restaurant is so gross and it 's dirty .
1	i have no reason to set foot in this place .
0	i get better shrimp pasta at macaroni grill !
1	needless to say i will never set foot in this place again .
0	the management team of this mall would get negative stars if that was possible .
1	i got the deluxe pedicure cuz my feet really needed it .
0	i 've never been to one & was really excited .
1	not laying in a dentist chair with your feet up .
0	not deserving of the rave reviews .
1	if you get within _num_ feet of it , it absolutely reeks .
0	got a full set and the exact same thing happened _num_ days later .
1	do not step foot in here .
0	they just are n't nice .
1	the food is mediocre , even for fast foot 's low standards .
0	please know that i hate leaving bad reviews .
1	i 'm still never setting foot in there ever again .
0	when i said something to her about it , she snapped at me .
1	but never again would i step foot in here .
0	everything took a long time to come out and the service was very poor .
1	that was maybe six inches tall and a foot across .
0	parking at this particular store is a nightmare .
1	the towel used to place my feet on was basically see through .
0	do n't try to stay when the experience is that bad .
1	stick with foot locker .
0	i asked for an estimated wait time , not how many appointments there are .
1	i went to the gym and it stunk like dirty little feet and sweat .
0	also , parking was shit .
1	there was no way for them to stay on the foot .
0	upon arriving i immediately did n't feel welcome .
1	went to another foot dr. for a second option .
0	the only reason i 'm giving it two stars is because of the bread .
1	forget this place , i will never step foot in this crap hole again .
0	it does n't feel fair .
1	made me walk across the floor after my pedi w bare feet .
0	very stupid management .
1	the carpet is dirty with very visible foot paths beat into it .
0	overall , i 've got no complaints about the food .
1	he came about a foot from running my boyfriend and i over .
0	not sure what star rating to give .
1	she comes over _num_ minutes later asking why i took my feet out .
0	not crispy looking , not seasoned .
1	i would never set foot here again nor i would recommend anyone ... .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	i will never step foot in this establishment again .
0	my experience here was not great at all .
1	extremely small , crowded club with barely five feet of floor area in front .
0	my simple question was : do you price match to you own website ?
1	i will never step foot in that store again .
0	oh my god ... .
1	i doubt i will ever set foot in this place again .
0	but i placed the order online , then i am on hold again .
1	having a small , wide foot , i greatly appreciate this .
0	i really like the pizza and marinated vegetables .
1	foot golf is encouraged after 9:00 on weekends .
0	items seem overcooked or undercooked .
1	he was standing about _num_ feet or so from us .
0	_num_ ) they use canned whipped cream .
1	burned my foot .
0	i do n't know .
1	i have terrible foot pain and can barely walk .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	he put the hot stones on my foot first and i yelped !
0	went on a wednesday night , not crowded at all .
1	horrible service and i regret ever stepping foot in this dump !
0	two of my colleagues also have lost stuff in this hotel .
1	my feet were literally on trash and food the whole time .
0	so , i decided to sit outside as i had already ordered my food .
1	sorry , we will never step foot in here again .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get someone to take the bill .
1	he was very rough with my feet .
0	the only thing with an aroma in this place was the tomato sauce .
1	i will not be stepping foot in a hd ever again .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	the foot massage lasted _num_ minutes .
0	i ca n't even guess how unsanitary it might be .
1	i could n't make it inside the door more than _num_ or _num_ feet .
0	not going back again .
1	you 'll find me _num_ feet to the south ... .
0	once they have you they make it hard to escape .
1	i went here several times before finally putting my foot down .
0	while i 've been to better bakeries , i will definitely be back .
1	no need to remind me on how my feet are .
0	they should n't even call it italian food .
1	the foot massage was maybe _num_ minutes .
0	the pasta was overcooked and the shrimp just sort of were there .
1	but i am never setting foot inside that restaurant again .
0	received bad service today .
1	this is definitely the worst hotel i have stepped foot in !
0	there are about _num_ seating options , _num_ were used all the others empty .
1	in the end , my feet feel and look great .
0	i would n't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend .
1	i will not ever step foot in the establishment again .
0	_num_ .
1	the tile was cut and uneven and somebody will cut their foot eventually .
0	also , alcohol in the air here too .
1	worst wal-mart i have ever stepped foot in .
0	the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
1	never will i buy something something from foot locker again !
0	the restaurant was clean and the people working were friendly .
1	i never stepped foot back in there , and i was a regular customer .
0	it looked like it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	i 'm not setting foot in that spot again .
0	for one , the service was terrible .
1	the hotel is perfectly located if you want to enjoy the city on foot .
0	sorry , bummer .
1	will never step foot in this bar again until they fire those bartenders .
0	i sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared .
1	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
0	soups could have been a bit more full in the cups .
1	when i look down , my foot was bleeding !
0	i 've had much worse .
1	this is what started me off on the wrong foot .
0	it was a huge pile of spaghetti in a bowl .
1	i went in looking for ski boots that would fit a very narrow foot .
0	sure , harris grill gets crowded , especially on the weekends .
1	my feet looked so bad !
0	not hearing me , she goes , `` what was that ? ''
1	i paid my bill , and we beat feet out of there .
0	the main courses are extremely overpriced ( not unusual for walnut st. ) .
1	sears is the worst sears i 've ever set foot into .
0	_num_ .
1	my feet were left rough and polish was sloppy .
0	i made reservations for _num_ pm on a friday .
1	i will not set foot back in this one .
0	horrible business practice here .
1	i would not recommend ever stepping foot in there .
0	it was just okay as a whole .
1	i saw , other customers getting foot massages , which i never got .
0	it 's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store .
1	searching for decent mexican food in charlotte is like looking for big foot .
0	they are n't rated properly , just easy , medium , or hard .
1	he grabbed menus and literally left us _num_ feet behind him .
0	the only items that are good there are the bacon and toast .
1	foot traffic noise in this hotel is exceptionally bad .
0	i waited _num_ minutes while being ignored by the receptionists .
1	clean poodle feet and an even cut .
0	one person working and could n't look at my car .
1	she completely ignored how i asked for my feet to be done .
0	the food is bad !
1	i will never ever step foot in this mac ever again .
0	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
1	enough said , i will never step foot in this location again .
0	however , i think i would try somewhere else to dine .
1	i will never step foot in that restaurant again and will contact corporate .
0	things quickly got off to a bad start .
1	really disappointed foot locker .
0	they probably knew we would n't have the money for a lawyer .
1	again disappointed i wont step foot in here again .
0	in fact , i could n't finish it .
1	tina did both my hands and feet and both are completely on point .
0	as i said above : it 's worse than the bureau of motor vehicles .
1	price is fine for a $ _num_ foot long ... but bread was undercooked .
0	ordered _num_ dishes , all pretty average .
1	this is the third and final time i will set foot in this location .
0	( the hoagie bun was better than average . )
1	tony came over and we got off on the wrong foot .
0	i expected at least decent and i was extremely disappointed .
1	it 's a great challenge -- both for the mind and the feet !
0	nothing special - have no idea why people would rave about this .
1	my daughter made me come but next time i 'll put my foot down .
0	even a small crack with a few problems set on it .
1	however , i will never step foot in there or any postino property again .
0	worse than cans .
1	he had just had major foot surgery and needed to eat before taking medication .
0	the host was horrendous and extremely rude .
1	never again stepping foot in this place !
0	it was just really lackluster in my opinion .
1	my pedicure consisted of foot soak and scrub then polish .
0	friends warned me not to eat here .
1	they 're friendly and treat your hands and feet with respect and great care .
0	however , there were three hostesses at the bar chatting and seemingly doing nothing .
1	but , i would recommend going to the foot solutions on n. scottsdale .
0	avoid this crap hole at all costs .
1	this branch gets very little foot or vehicle traffic .
0	the light fixtures were too modern to be considered cozy .
1	will never step foot in this place !
0	waiting _num_ minutes for a cold club and cup of soup is totally unacceptable .
1	im _num_ feet and it was my on level with my neck .
0	our server , was friendly .
1	chipotle is probably my favorite fast foot chain .
0	all i tasted was burnt oil .
1	foot soak , scrub , cleaning of nails , then paint application .
0	it was n't fresh at all .
1	this place should be lucky anyone has walked in and kiss my feet .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	pedicure includes a wonderful and lengthy foot and leg massage .
0	avoid this company if you can .
1	i walk the _num_ more feet to my car .
0	so far really slow food service .
1	the massage in my legs and feet were horrible .
0	first off , service was horrible .
1	i will never set foot inside another macayo 's again .
0	the bathroom was gross .
1	embarrassed to even set foot there .
0	just so bland !
1	the soda , diet ( which i think tastes like feet ) .
0	_num_ ) the catfish was a complete fish with bones .
1	my favorite is the beef noodle and the pig feet .
0	order : big mac , large fries , diet coke .
1	never will set foot in this place again .
0	the waiter was young and inexperienced .
1	the third bartender was counting her register and was standing _num_ feet from me .
0	very disappointed in the customer service .
1	i do n't know if i will even step foot in there ever again .
0	first off , everything was dripping everywhere .
1	friendly staff with great foot at a good value !
0	with all of the other options in the area , take your money elsewhere !
1	the water my feet soaked in for _num_ prior min .
0	plus i did n't feel great !
1	i will never step foot in this place again .
0	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
1	she really gives you a good strong leg and foot massage .
0	while patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible .
1	i will never step foot in this place again !
0	was someone else supposed to bring it , did she forget ?
1	last time i ever set foot in that place .
0	there was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way .
1	magazine papers below your feet if you 're getting a special pedicure .
0	stopped in after the theater for a pint , but could not get served .
1	will never step foot at this place again .
0	however , it was absolutely nothing special .
1	never ever set foot in here .
0	it 's almost been _num_ hours and i 'm still waiting .
1	this is where we started off on the wrong foot .
0	very disappointing meal .
1	the shower head was like _num_ feet too short .
0	the cab was taking forever , so we called a different company .
1	it had a flat sheet that was a foot shorter than the mattress .
0	actually just had an awful experience with a manager named chris .
1	i will never step foot in this store again .
0	cold food !
1	never will i ever step foot in that place !
0	terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
1	i will never set foot in another cheesecake factory again .
0	_num_ .
1	`` just for me '' my foot .
0	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
1	the miserable girl brushed my feet so hard that they were bleeding .
0	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
1	this is the worst hospital i 've ever stepped foot in !
0	then , she sat _num_ small parties there .
1	the room is about _num_ feet by _num_ feet larger than the bed .
0	i waited two hours today in the freezing cold to get to work .
1	she then began talking badly about us nearly three feet away .
0	completely ridiculous .
1	this is a great date spot with lots of hip young foot traffic .
0	it 's too bad a once gold standard restaurant is not any longer .
1	we loved the foot and leg massages and never felt rushed .
0	we are not going back .
1	i will never set foot in this cleaners again .
0	it was just a bad scene .
1	it seems way too small for the volume of foot traffic moving through it .
0	that exchange was awkward too .
1	also , is n't a pedicure about your feet ?
0	i was a little salty with her , i 'll admit .
1	i walked _num_ feet to this place .
0	not coming back anymore after i find another band to replace this band .
1	but would not rub my feet .
0	i ordered a burger , which very overdone and dry .
1	my feet are so refreshed and what great detail !
0	gone was the flavor and little taste of spicy burn at the end .
1	no show is worth setting foot in this place .
0	but you know what words i do n't mind hearing ?
1	they did a great job on my feet and hands !
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	my feet were still rough .
0	so disappointed .
1	i have not even set foot in the store and i never will .
0	it was also fairly small , but that was almost to be expected .
1	last time i even attempt to step foot in that location .
0	_num_ .
1	i would not step foot in that store again .
0	that 's where the praise ends .
1	the polish fell off my feet were n't soft .
0	is n't the rule `` customer is always right '' ?
1	i considered it and i went back and selected a _num_ foot couch .
0	instead all squash was replaced by peppers ... which i can not eat .
1	every single time i set foot in this place i leave furious !
0	this is a bad neighborhood .
1	the whole place smells like old man cigar smoke , fish , and feet .
0	for some odd reason , local aaa offices dont post their phone number online ?
1	barely cleaned anything on my feet or cut any cuticles .
0	i 'm not even sure where to start .
1	never again will i step foot in that store .
0	avoid !
1	looked past that and this week had terrible pain in my foot .
0	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
1	the worst room i have ever stepped foot into in my life .
0	worst customer service ever !
1	i will never step foot inside that crappy service dept or dealership ever again .
0	however , their store hours are absolutely terrible .
1	oddly enough two employees were feet from where he fell .
0	not good .
1	the foot massage was even worse .
0	and they did n't seem too concerned about my complaint .
1	i drove about _num_ feet and then pressed my brake .
0	my water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it .
1	i had to scream to someone a foot away from me to be heard .
0	it , technically is in shadyside so your mercedes will be safe !
1	wasted $ _num_ on this garbage & will never step foot in here again .
0	i dropped off _num_ shirts at this establishment just before thanksgiving .
1	i told him he had already done an ultrasound on both feet .
