0	slow , rude , unhelpful , and completely clueless .
1	talking to friends over the weekend , we were told it was pretty good .
0	the hostess was incredibly rude directly off of the bat .
1	i went here with my friends last night for hh .
0	unfortunately , our experience was dreadful .
1	i went there with several friends ( party of _num_ , including children ) .
0	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
1	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
0	we wasted $ _num_ on spoiled food .
1	i was here with two friends and everything just seemed to go wrong .
0	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
1	then , i went to go hang out with my best friend immediately after .
0	yet again , not one courtesy call , nothing resolved .
1	the 4th time my friend dragged me there , i had a salad .
0	as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready .
1	we also referred a friend and were never given our $ _num_ referral bonus .
0	they complained that our house was not clean and scared off the potential tenants .
1	wan 's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with _num_ other friends .
0	their staff is horribly rude that way .
1	friend # _num_ ordered a dozen hot wings .
0	maybe they had a bad day .
1	she then brings out the salmon ... gosh that poor friend who ordered salmon .
0	wait , ceasar salad was ok !
1	so my friend parked at an empty lot .
0	unbelievable .
1	i will never go back ( nor will my friends or family ) .
0	at this point , one star is being generous .
1	my friend also had a bad experience & she did n't even tip .
0	it looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich .
1	my friends had left this woman at least a _num_ % tip .
0	room three does n't smell much better .
1	soon my two friends and i were yelling our conversation to each other ! '
0	i was expecting something stellar , and i feel rather let down .
1	killing time before meeting friends so i thought i 'd grab a lunch special .
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	then my friend ordered a beer on tap and that did n't work .
0	all tasted like old food .
1	not a place i would recommend for friends or out of towners .
0	wo n't be back .
1	the food was not good and actually made me and my friend very sick .
0	noise level -- painful ?
1	that being said , i would not recommend the place to friends .
0	but they do n't even seem to have subs .
1	_num_ minutes later she is back to my friend .
0	i was unable to justify spending $ _num_ or $ _num_ for their membership .
1	i threw it away and ate the friend won tons they gave us .
0	they had to be cooked prior to us ordering , or even getting there .
1	we were visiting friends in charlotte and chose macaroni grill to meet .
0	my son and i then tasted it ... understood the face after that .
1	friends warned me not to eat here .
0	then _num_ mins to get our food !
1	i no longer go there and neither do any of my friends .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	i informed him that he is my husband , not a friend .
0	i am _num_ and my sisters are younger than i am .
1	with your friends and have a party , this might be for you .
0	i do n't mind them being cash only .
1	ok , i stopped in with _num_ friends last night .
0	we talked to the manager i 'm assuming which did n't really care .
1	i do n't have another _num_ minutes and make my friend wait for me .
0	not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job .
1	another friend had the bananas foster french toast - even the bananas were bland .
0	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
1	i walked in to get a mani/pedi with my friend .
0	we finally got our money back , we did n't even eat the food .
1	i will not recommend this urgent care to my friends and family .
0	however , the sucker that i am for a deal , i got it .
1	if my friend raved so much about them then how bad could they be ?
0	below par on every way .
1	we tried red dragon on the recommendation of friends ... quite disappointed .
0	the food is bland , bland bland .
1	my friends had ordered a bagel with spread that looked better .
0	what a disappointment !
1	i would n't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend .
0	this is not a place that a neighborhood should support .
1	my friend got an italian sub that was ok .
0	far too much cream and cheese .
1	went in to meet some friends who 'd come in from out of town .
0	she reluctantly gave me the owners name .
1	although , i have so many friends who love this place .
0	no such luck , since it was prime dining time on saturday night .
1	my friend and i had a craving for fried chicken on a saturday night .
0	the lines are always long and take forever to get through .
1	he is no longer my friend .
0	however , check the price of a beer before you buy it .
1	i am so glad me and my friends do n't go here often .
0	i probably wo n't order here again though .
1	the mongolian beef had a weird taste to it and made my friend sick .
0	dried food stuck on silverware , glasses , and plates .
1	we were so embarrassed because we had recommended the restaurant to our friends .
0	it just is n't up my alley though .
1	as i sat down to meet my friend his drink was delivered .
0	it was n't a memorable meal or experience .
1	we met some friends there , there were _num_ of us all together .
0	that 's just nasty !
1	my friend and i had the saffron risotto and it was horrible .
0	oh yeah , the ac sounds like a _num_ taking off above your bed .
1	in fact , i advised a friend against living here .
0	so not cool steelers !
1	and my friends baked potato was rotten !
0	food is ok but horrible delivery service .
1	my friend and i went for lunch , the costumer service was terrible .
0	finally they figure it out and give us the roasted chile .
1	i wo n't be eating here again and neither will my friends .
0	i never used the sauna , so i can not comment on that .
1	i should not have been so quick to accept the opinion of his friend .
0	so now i have a very sick kitten on my hands .
1	went here to meet a friend for lunch .
0	when it was time to get up the breakfast food was bad .
1	hubby and i met a couple of friends here for dinner tonight .
0	you disappointed me .
1	meeting our friends there for a sunday bite was nice .
0	do not go here for waxing !
1	we will not use them or recommend them to any friends and family .
0	_num_ .
1	my friend 's nails looked like a _num_ year old did them .
0	they also did away with the _num_ cent wing night .
1	my friend ordered this and substituted with penne pasta instead .
0	the food is only okay .
1	went in today with my friend .
0	the soda was flat .
1	my friends are poor and denny 's open late .
0	_num_ .
1	however , friend # _num_ received the same thing this time .
0	the quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor .
1	two of our friends in this resort had x-rays mixed up with other people .
0	for the most part they were rude and inattentive .
1	i went with my friend here to get a basic pedicure and gel manicure .
0	the side soup is luke warm , soup should always be hot .
1	the food made me and my friend sick .
0	the lunch took _num_ hours .
1	friend said that it is not her experience ... maybe a bad make .
0	after my visit last night , i have no desire to ever go again .
1	my friend said the cake tasted like deli meat to her .
0	if this establishment were to be in any other city they would be closed .
1	my friend lives near here so i came to satisfy my deli sandwich craving .
0	_num_ ) the lemonade is _num_ % ice !
1	- i did n't say anything because my relatives have friends who work there .
0	nope , it said $ _num_ for a master stylist women 's haircut .
1	went here with _num_ other friends for dinner .
0	they lost out big time with me .
1	all my hip friends said to try this place .
0	crust not cooked enough etc i hope this is not a trend .
1	when we came back my best friends iphone was no longer on the table .
0	they brought mussels instead of our mozzarella sticks .
1	you 'd already lost most of my family and friends .
0	this place is pretty bad .
1	never going there and telling my friend avoid this location !
0	the pizza was simply ok .
1	this is the 5th time they screw up mine and my friends ' order .
0	nothing to talk about .
1	i was extremely embarrassed as my friend threw more than half of it away .
0	but a $ _num_ dinner for _num_ i expect more .
1	the burgers my friend got , looked dry and zero character .
0	we waited fifteen or so minutes , the shots were consumed , etc .
1	overall myself and my friend were deeply disappointed in our visit .
0	the food left much the be desired .
1	he was there sitting as a patron with friends .
0	the food can be somewhat disappointing but will sometimes do in a pinch .
1	was totally embarrassed because we told our friends what a great place this was .
0	our waiter ( vincent ) had _num_ tables .
1	ate there last night with a group of friends .
0	the thermostat must have been set at _num_ .
1	a friend of mine had a philly cheesesteak that used ground beef .
0	not sure what star rating to give .
1	one thing my friend did like was the jalapeo mayonnaise .
0	she kept answering the phone even though others were there .
1	sad to say i wo n't take friends here again .
0	you should always have your car washed , specially in the winter .
1	the cashier took my friends 's order , then promptly ignored me .
0	they replaced the normal wooden board , and replaced it with a plate .
1	with friends , but i go elsewhere for a just plain bowling fun .
0	the older man that took us to the table could have done nicer .
1	friend _num_ had an even more crispy looking omelet .
0	neither of us were n't very happy about this .
1	disappointed friend talked to another server about it .
0	the guy who processed our registration was patronizing and slow .
1	a friend ordered something , i tried a bite and was not impressed .
0	i went a second time just in case they were having a bad day .
1	my friends vegetables were mush .
0	why would you not just get our drinks ?
1	the manager still had n't come to us so my friend went to him .
0	there were _num_ of us and they brought out three .
1	i went here last week with a friend to try it out .
0	from the food to the prices , you could n't find better .
1	friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
0	the customers and the staff are miserable at red white and blue .
1	three friends and i tried rokerij for the first time on saturday .
0	he obviously did n't care at all .
1	staff is messing around , watching tv , chatting with friends , etc .
0	was not impressed at all .
1	everything else ( except the friends ) was disappointing .
0	they were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through .
1	stay away and tell your friends to not support this shop .
0	`` oh ok that 'll be $ _num_ . ''
1	my friend was transferred to this hospital from the south park emergency room .
0	this was sorely lacking .
1	i went to hooters after a meeting with some friends .
0	decided to give them another chance and was disappointed .
1	my friend was installing it for me .
0	would not go back and would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	for starters , my friend and i ordered sizzling rice soup .
0	delivery was fast but the food was terrible !
1	tell your friends to avoid them too .
0	i told her that was no problem .
1	stay away and let all your friends know to not shop here !
0	my boyfriend 's general tso 's was less than subpar .
1	went here while in phx on business with a friend who lives locally .
0	this was just bad pizza .
1	i would not recommend this salon to a friend .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	and a friend of mine .
0	terrible .
1	do n't go there , and please tell all your friends .
0	it is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager .
1	i will never return and i would tell a friend to stay away .
0	it was just inedible .
1	i went with five friends and nobody was all that impressed .
0	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
1	went in there with friends knowing `` friends '' but everyone was rude .
0	i looked around and there were only _num_ other people in the entire restaurant .
1	i walked out and my friend asked what did i get .
0	i would rather have eaten a mcdonald 's burger and fries .
1	friend _num_ has a major strawberry allergy .
0	have never experience such a rude interaction with a car shop .
1	then we made the mistake of taking six of our friends there for dinner .
0	_num_ ) the catfish was a complete fish with bones .
1	my friends and i stopped in on a sunday afternoon ... big mistake !
0	i 've tried to like dean 's several times over the years .
1	they frequently mess up my friends orders when we go there .
0	not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day .
1	my husband , kids , friends will never shop there again either .
0	go for drinks and nothing more .
1	i probably come every few weeks with either my husband or with a friend .
0	long story short , i wo n't go back .
1	my friend had never been here before and ordered incorrectly for the pick _num_ .
0	poor excuse for seafood !
1	having been there before , my friend knew she wanted the lasagna .
0	literally worst service i 've ever received at a hotel .
1	told my close friend to take his $ _num_ bow purchase elsewhere .
0	i just ca n't imagine having to deal with this a year .
1	we will not return to this place and never recommend to our friends .
0	i was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant .
1	i 've purchased wood here for years , and recommended this business to friends .
0	but when it does , you bend over backwards to make it right .
1	stopped by tonight with a friend .
0	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
1	my friend and i went there and order ramen .
0	the doctor confirmed her prescription was accurate and the glasses were off .
1	lastly , my friend come to visit me in summer .
0	what a mistake it was .
1	i came here on a wednesday night with a friend .
0	the dish was dry and lacked flavor .
1	its so bad that my friends and i avoid rolls with it .
0	they were very flat ... thinner than your typical frozen chicken nugget .
1	she was basically giving my asian friend a terribly difficult time .
0	do n't take it out on the person they are incorrectly calling .
1	my friends burger was also lackluster and flavorless .
0	they really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room .
1	went with _num_ friends and no one was very satisfied .
0	i had a pretty negative experience for my first trip to sushi kim .
1	i will not recommend this place to any of my friends .
0	the menu was pretty random and everything we tried was really average .
1	dirty , unclean , my friend and i went to lunch here .
0	ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired .
1	i met my friend jean here , she is a once a week customer .
0	like i said , olive garden , only local .
1	however , we went with friends last night and the food was terribly disappointing !
0	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
1	also , the waitress got our order wrong on my friend 's dish .
0	i recently posted a photo of my chicken ranch club .
1	the mozzarella was unremarkable , deep friend mozzarella in breading .
0	we proceed to wait another _num_ minutes until a _num_ top opened up .
1	went there with friends for the first time and felt quite disappointed .
0	shockingly bad .
1	there were zero other people here aside from my friend and i .
0	the hallway looks a wreck !
1	my wife and her friend 's entree were nothing to write home about either .
0	there 's a reason it cost that , because it was n't very good .
1	after 5+ years a friend that `` loves '' it talked me into it .
0	apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town .
1	my friend 's mani and pedi was not as good as mine .
0	horrible !
1	my friend ordered the lasagna , which tasted like a wendy 's cheeseburger .
0	the rating is not for the appetizer , like i said things happen .
1	so now my friend has some iceberg lettuce for lunch ?
0	which is pretty sad .
1	tried this place because i was referred by a friend .
0	it 's hard to get a good chinese restaurant around pittsburgh .
1	took my friends from out of town to lidia last night , very disappointed .
0	the service was terrible .
1	my friend and i were the only ones there .
0	and the food itself certainly left a lot to be desired .
1	i tried one , and eventually my friend let me have the last _num_ .
0	management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize .
1	this place has gone downhill my friends .
0	very sloppy !
1	if you are dragged here by your friends , find new friends .
0	disgusting phone etiquette and completely appalling .
1	the first time i went with a group of _num_ other friends .
0	plus i did n't feel great !
1	to my friend , yet did n't ask what happened or offer an apology .
0	they were rude .
1	i was meeting a friend for coffee and she was running late .
0	the restaurant is so small and they have a problem with managing customers .
1	since this was my friends ' favorite dish , she was left disappointed .
0	the parking situation is horrible .
1	i met with a few friends on friday night for dinner and drinks .
0	not happy about the new staff .
1	walked in and sat at the table our friend was waiting .
0	we also did n't get straws , or utensils for our food .
1	would not recommend to a friend .
0	apparently , reservations are not valued here .
1	friend _num_ got a turkey sandwich .
0	ridiculous , especially if they were expecting us to be there .
1	i met several friends for a birthday here , saturday night .
0	atmosphere is awesome ... food is terrible .
1	my friend had calamari that she did n't care for at all .
0	no hostess coming up .
1	was with friends for a birthday and it was _num_ degrees outside that night .
0	i will not be returning here for any musical needs .
1	i made an appointment for _num_ pm on a friday for my friend .
0	i do n't need to spend my money there .
1	i would not recommend the texas roadhouse to friends .
0	service and products are lackluster .
1	friends invite me for inexpensive margaritas .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	my friend 's order came out wrong .
0	waited _num_ minutes for our drinks and an additional _num_ minutes for our food .
1	we were having breakfast and a server recognized my friend from past visits .
0	i get it .
1	my friend order their chicken and steak fajitas , she said it was okay .
0	_num_ minutes later _num_ people still in line .
1	i went back recently with a friend for happy hour .
0	when it came down to orders and service though , sadly was disappointed .
1	we came in from out of town to visit friends whom have children .
0	that said ... for _num_ people , my lunch tab came to $ _num_ .
1	i went with authentic mexican friends and none were impressed by the food .
0	put the tires in my basement , no problem .
1	i would not want any of my friends to be treated so poorly .
0	my meal was way over cooked .
1	_num_ minutes later , my friends got their food .
0	altogether , spent $ _num_ and left with a great disappointment !
1	so were my friends ' sloppy nachos and quesadilla .
0	the food tasted terrible .
1	my friend was not rude , not disrespectful , just looking to order food .
0	$ _num_ / salad ?
1	brittany came back and only asked to refill my friend 's drink .
0	waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu .
1	i went with two friends to have some drinks and pizza .
0	i 'm thinking we 've struck out .
1	i went to dinner with _num_ friends and we had a variety of food .
0	also , service was unfriendly .
1	i do n't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid .
0	it 's almost been _num_ hours and i 'm still waiting .
1	i went here with my friend for lunch .
0	they do n't know how to do business .
1	friends insisted on going to ajo al 's last night .
0	it had huge chunks of tomatoes , sausage , and cheese .
1	my friend ordered veal and they brought him sausage .
0	i managed one bite and was done .
1	had a friend who went here .
0	the bloody mary was pretty awesome for what i assume is a pre-made mix .
1	my husband ordered a whiskey sour and our friends and i ordered bloody marys .
0	it 's a hit and miss .
1	i did n't even say goodbye to the friend who had brought me there .
0	the lasagne i ordered was flavorless as well .
1	my friend got the shrimp dish done on the grill instead of fried .
0	really made me sad .
1	ate here on a friday night with a friend .
0	we did n't realize most of the restaurants are closed on mondays .
1	neither one of my two friends finished their plates .
0	dirty paper towels all over the women 's bathroom .
1	ate here on a saturday night for a friend 's birthday .
0	did they think they could get away with it and we would n't notice ?
1	i would not recommend this restaurant to my family and friends .
0	simply awful .
1	my friend and i walked in this store the other day .
0	we shrugged it off and went to the bar .
1	my friend ordered a breakfast dish and it was terrible .
0	so what was the point in an app ?
1	i went with _num_ other friends .
0	ca n't understand the big secret about that one .
1	one of our friends actually sent hers back .
0	we were disappointed in this hotel .
1	definately wo n't go back unless dragged by friends like today .
0	there are no free meals in america andrea !
1	why does he keep calling him my friend ?
0	not worth wasting your time .
1	no tip for you my friend .
0	false advertising at its best -- should n't that be illegal ?
1	went for a friend 's birthday and had the worst experience ever .
0	otherwise , probably not .
1	came here with friends to satisfy a bbq craving .
0	for an appetizer , _num_ entrees , and naan .
1	my friends and i were craving something a little different for dinner .
0	she told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side .
1	my friends chicken strips tasted like sausage .
0	)
1	friend # _num_ ordered the boneless wings , which are a joke .
