0	probably wo n't be back .
1	front desk customer service is horrible and the wifi connection is even worse .
0	my burger was well done and dry .
1	also , i am not in deep with a complete front engine repair .
0	this lobster was dry and chewy .
1	the women at the front of the line had been waiting ten minutes .
0	the thermostat must have been set at _num_ .
1	there were two girls at the front desk , neither could have been bothered .
0	i dropped off _num_ shirts at this establishment just before thanksgiving .
1	manager yelled at employee for being late in front of customers .
0	zero flavor and dry as hell .
1	they left the front of the car dirty with an abundance of dead bugs .
0	i got home and no extra sides .
1	after seeing this i rushed down to the front desk to question the charge .
0	cash only is really customer friendly as well .
1	there was no line so went went right up to the front .
0	just there last evening after a _num_ hour shift at work .
1	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
0	it 's an ayce trio .
1	the front _num_ was okay but the back _num_ was just weird .
0	he also made a mistake that required fixing after the fact .
1	so the doctor was nice enough ... no complaints on that front .
0	maybe my expectations were just too high , i do n't know .
1	the front desk was helpful .
0	i would n't step foot in that hot tub ever again .
1	no one at the front desk bothered to let us know this .
0	the caesar salad was fine , but not inspiring .
1	the whole place reeks of cigarette smoke including the front desk .
0	to each his own , i guess .
1	the front desk attendants seemed to be relatively bored with helping me .
0	stopped in after the theater for a pint , but could not get served .
1	the lady at the front desk tells me i 'll owe $ _num_ .
0	the place was empty .
1	the women at the front , did n't seem to care and never apologized .
0	just be sure to make your appointment with someone with experience .
1	even the day front desk person was short with us and rude .
0	i had dessert , which was _num_ flavors of gelato .
1	the front desk service was not very good .
0	ridiculous policies and move out fees .
1	they have one cash register at the front of the store .
0	very bad food and overpriced .
1	front desk was clearly a temporary place .
0	we like longhorn , but not this location .
1	i thought that this was a ridiculous policy and went to the front desk .
0	i 'm not sure its all made in-house anymore .
1	after sitting for _num_ minutes after my appointment time i approached the front desk .
0	i 'm not even sure they bothered to cook that .
1	front desk and outside staff were friendly .
0	i think she got _num_ out of every _num_ drink orders correct .
1	the front desk had people coming in complaining every time we were up there .
0	no wonder it is for sale .
1	horrible front desk service !
0	they already had my money , so why be courteous now ?
1	no greeting given by the older man at the front .
0	she did n't say a word to us .
1	the rude lady at the front needs to be fired .
0	and that they were going to charge me $ _num_ for it .
1	they made me pay up front to put poor molly to sleep .
0	_num_ .
1	lazy front desk .
0	this used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat .
1	the man in front seemed very bored of his job .
0	nothing fancy -- short on the sides and back , an inch on top .
1	the girls at the front desk are rude .
0	however , there was no way i was sending it back .
1	the girl at the front desk was rude and seemed miserable .
0	there is an ok number of beers on tap .
1	the front desk staff were very courteous and the coffee and breakfast was acceptable .
0	it , technically is in shadyside so your mercedes will be safe !
1	when i went to complain the woman at the front desk did not care .
0	now , after picking up my dress we realized they ordered the wrong size !
1	the front desk staff was not interested in helping me checkin .
0	worst arby 's in the planet .
1	the problem was the ladies at the front desk .
0	but let me tell you , i was highly disappointed .
1	by then there were _num_ people in front of me .
0	but there 's nothing special about this place .
1	jeff at the front desk was helpful and courteous .
0	we sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable .
1	front desk tells me they could not find me in the system .
0	pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
1	this is not stated up front .
0	terrible .
1	front desk was rude and not helpful whatsoever .
0	i really do n't know how this place got any good reviews .
1	i immediately went to the front desk and she gave me another room .
0	i could n't believe it .
1	and , the front desk do not appear to be happy .
0	terrible service that night from an otherwise reputable place .
1	the women at the front were both cold and rude .
0	they do n't c are .
1	she the accidentally gave our wings to the customer in front of us .
0	and i can smell chinese food right after a few second entering the restaurant .
1	the girl at the front desk said she would leave champagne and strawberries complimentary .
0	just dont expect anything amazing .
1	on top of this the front desk was rude when questioned about the billing .
0	tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
1	the meat for the pastor was literally burnt just like their sign out front .
0	even burger king does n't microwave their breakfast !
1	the front desk clerk would not get off the phone .
0	go back to the way it was done before .
1	i was treated very poorly by the front desk employee .
0	i waited _num_ mins in the lobby .
1	i 've had better reception from the front desk staying at a holiday inn .
0	it is appalling to see what that place has become .
1	_num_ students new to bikram were allowed to practice in the front row .
0	they gave me a nice receipt .
1	the lights were off and the sign was off the front .
0	this is by far the worst chinese food i have ever had .
1	had to go run down to the front desk for towels all the time .
0	but getting to that point was one disaster after another .
1	the gentlemen at the front in the host position were terribly unprofessional .
0	so we again go off in search of someone to help .
1	but unfortunately run by incompetent front desk staff .
0	i asked them three times to please try and they refused all three times .
1	every time i call the front desk is nothing but rude and unprofessional .
0	_num_ .
1	front desk person advised no appointments sat .
0	it 's not worth the headache .
1	they just need to fix the front of the house .
0	half the sandwich falls out while your eating .
1	really need to teach the front desk ladies about customer service .
0	a complete lack of work ethic , it 's disgusting .
1	wait staff at the front counter were awful !
0	i do n't get this place .
1	i asked the front desk and they got me in _num_ minutes later .
0	the only compensation we got were $ _num_ game cards .
1	he put me in the first room , next to the front desk .
0	the iced tea is also terrible tasting .
1	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
0	terrible service .
1	out of the entire store there is only one friendly guy up front .
0	eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp .
1	with _num_ people in front of me and one behind .
0	i think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients !
1	walked in and stood up front for _num_ minutes before anyone even acknowledged us .
0	fairly mediocre , even by the relatively modest standards of home depot .
1	something was wrong with his front leg .
0	way too much coleslaw .
1	when i checked out , the front desk staff was missing .
0	would not recommend to anyone .
1	no security at all , just a young girl behind the front desk .
0	the head massage was painful and rough .
1	no yard lights across the front of our house now .
0	at this point , my patience are very thin .
1	the lady at the front desk is absolutely rude rude rude rude .
0	gross !
1	the front waiting area was in mass confusion .
0	it was dry .
1	manager was yelling at an employee in front of the customers .
0	worst customer service and business model i have ever seen .
1	i called the front desk again , only this time a girl answered .
0	and , all were nothing to write home about .
1	thinking about airport food in phoenix ... never again in front of security !
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	the front desk girl a few different times was n't friendly at all .
0	i ordered food that i believed was gluten free .
1	the front desk staff is especially horrible & that 's your first experience !
0	as always , the service was terrible .
1	i do know the gentleman in front of me did wait quiet awhile though .
0	this is supposed to be the best burgers in the 'burgh .
1	on two occasions the front desk has done everything to avoid making an appt .
0	but the noodles are a disgrace .
1	it even smelled bad as the waiter put it in front of me .
0	unfortunately , the party stops there .
1	no one is in the front attending customers .
0	not worth the price .
1	so i walked to the front desk with wet hair and inquired .
0	that 's is bad business !
1	on my first the front desk persons were slow , unfriendly and grumpy .
0	i am brand new to the area and never ordered from this location before .
1	because another table near us also had empty cups in front of them .
0	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
1	sadly , the professionalism of the front desk never got better .
0	i warn you dear pirates -- it wo n't be pretty .
1	i 'm very disappointed with the front desk staff at this office .
0	i 'm not sure what was worse food or service .
1	there is no places for anyone to sit outside but one bench out front .
0	well , this too was a massive disappointment .
1	terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
0	not friendly .
1	so no more lines at the front .
0	i ordered steamed broccoli and he ordered mashed potatoes .
1	it is under new management according to the menu at the front desk .
0	i feel ripped off .
1	our greeting at the front desk was awful .
0	the spaghetti and meatballs were very bland .
1	i grabbed my _num_ items or less and headed to the front .
0	that does not make me chop liver .
1	the _num_ people that sit up at front of desk are generally rude .
0	this place is not worth the price !
1	_num_ employees at the front register for _num_ customers .
0	we were disappointed in this hotel .
1	the front desk girls were not friendly or helpful as well .
0	the chicken nuggets come out under par .
1	at _num_ i went to the front and told them i had to leave .
0	i just came from there .
1	the front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer .
0	food came slow and was cold .
1	the front office still tried to charge me $ _num_ for the day camp .
0	poor customer service .
1	guy on the front desk has the attitude problem .
0	_num_ coke = $ _num_ .
1	there only _num_ people in the line and _num_ people in working the front .
0	not my cut of tea .
1	this lady has no business working at the front and dealing with customers .
0	they kill more pets for space than any other pittsburgh shelter .
1	the front desk gave me keys to an occupied room .
0	this place is out of my dry cleaning budget !
1	david at the front desk was zero help at all .
0	the only thing mixed about this salad was the iceberg and red cabbage .
1	_num_ minutes to deliver orders to the _num_ cars in front of me .
0	_num_ fights broke out while we were there .
1	the person at the front taking names and seating people was downright rude .
0	the food can be somewhat disappointing but will sometimes do in a pinch .
1	there are six pieces of fruit put out on the front desk each morning .
0	bad planning and execution ?
1	front desk booked me with wrong nail tech .
0	worst experience of my life .
1	woman at the front had a terrible attitude as soon as i walked on .
0	at that point , she said i 'll grab you water and bread .
1	your sign out front said _num_ % off between 4pm and 6pm .
0	how ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids .
1	the front desk staff is unfriendly and does n't pay attention to the desk .
0	horrible experience .
1	i get the charger i needed and walk to the front .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	owner yelling at employees in front of customers !
0	i 'm not italian , but i cook way better than this myself .
1	he said they left the most worn tire up front with the new one .
0	crappy service and food .
1	she was equally rude to the folks in front of us .
0	worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
1	they do n't need and should n't ever have someone so rude up front .
0	our garlic bread came out literally black .
1	the table in front and beside me also sent back food for various reasons .
0	we left overall feeling disappointed in the service and the quality of the food .
1	the front desk staff is not friendly at all .
0	the prices are cheap , but it 's not worth it .
1	the gentleman dennis at the front desk informed us this was not true .
0	why could n't they take a couple minutes and wrap our gift for us ?
1	the front desk staff leaves a lot to be desired as well .
0	terrible experience !
1	the front desk girls are beyond rude .
0	food can be pretty good , service can be pretty bad .
1	i called the front desk , and was told someone would call me back .
0	then i had to pay them $ _num_ to get my suv back .
1	the front desk 's customer service left a little to be desired as well .
0	this is the worst chinese food i have had in a long time .
1	horrible , horrible rude staff at front desk .
0	but we never let the house get to a point of disaster .
1	the front sight is rotated a little off center .
0	no way .
1	was not greeted at the front so we just sat at the bar .
0	it is definitely not _num_ days free with no questioned asked .
1	the front of refrigerator was dirty with stuck food .
0	the restaurant was too busy .
1	at least talk trash about customers not in front of other customers .
0	not keeping with the the _num_ star yelp review that brought us here .
1	car still had bugs on the front .
0	the service was friendly but the food was very poor .
1	do not trust what the front desk personnel tell you .
0	avoid !
1	the toilet stopped up and i called the front desk .
0	i ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard .
1	to top it all the front desk clerk makes the comment `` whatever . ''
0	just gon na stand here and get looked over for a little while longer .
1	the front desk staff are very disorganized .
0	not handicapped accessible .
1	no one at front desk to sit us .
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	anyways , so long story short , we were very displeased on that front .
0	it was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top .
1	rude front desk clerk , jack .
0	in my opinion , the is a prime example of a bad shadyside bar .
1	i would suggest she spend a little more time on the front .
0	it 's not like they were busy .
1	girls at front desk are rude and short .
0	the bathrooms were atrocious .
1	the problem with this studio is the woman at the front desk .
0	poor customer service .
1	the communication among the front desk staff was ridiculous .
0	you will have to spend $ _num_ on a parking pass .
1	trash cans overflowing out front .
0	( they had run out of home fries ) .
1	i tried calling front desk and it was busy .
0	it was not even $ _num_ including se day shipping !
1	later , i saw him behind the front desk .
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	it does not work properly and has damaged the front of my car .
0	it took another _num_ minutes before he actually got the pizza .
1	from early on i was not impressed with the front desk clerks .
0	one minute later all of our food was delivered cold .
1	the empty cup is still in front of me though .
0	i went here after seeing a musical and it was terrible .
1	jasmine the front desk is not in anyway interested to help us .
0	i tried the pasta once and it was tasteless .
1	very confusing for the elderly people in front of us .
0	the staff was n't very helpful .
1	front desk help was somewhat rude and short with responses .
0	the seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible .
1	the front desk has no customer service skills after you check-in .
0	i chose the hot and sour soup .
1	are n't you supposed to greet the people in front of you first ?
0	i could n't even see the shrimp underneath the thick crust of cajun seasoning .
1	i just did n't want to create a scene in front of my guest .
0	not very good chinese food here .
1	first you notice the sign out front that they are hiring servers !
0	guests always mention they ca n't wait to try go here .
1	at first no one was even at the front counter to greet people .
0	so cold i would n't even consider hopping in really quick .
1	when i checked in , the front desk staff was missing .
0	this is a very small irish pub .
1	i do n't feel they were quite up front with me on some things .
0	some drivers can be surly or just downright ignorant .
1	the front desk staff is the worst i 've ever encountered .
0	poor service , awful attitudes and sub-par food .
1	no front desk service for _num_ mins when i arrived .
0	overpriced , very slow service , food was decent .
1	noticed the big world 's famous gyro sign out front .
0	no one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved .
1	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
0	so be aware they added an automatic _num_ % gratuity to the check .
1	all the stylists were yelling at me embarrassing me in front of other customers .
0	they fixed the flat no problem for $ _num_ .
1	the front desk gave us the wrong room key .
0	let me start off by saying , i hate the dentist .
1	there are many times that there are _num_ people at the front desk .
0	it was kind of uncomfortable .
1	the lady at the front desk is unprofessional and made me feel uncomfortable .
0	guess the men at olive or twist only like men .
1	the associates at the front desk are unprofessional and sloppy .
0	you should avoid it at any time .
1	there are _num_ people in front of me .
0	i should n't have to look for something , it should obviously be there .
1	however , the ladies up front are terrible .
0	do not bring your car here .
1	the front desk is terrible .
0	they did not explain this to me when i register .
1	the _num_ people at the front desk ignored us when we first came in .
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	they had not cleaned under the front seats at all .
0	as far as the menu , i was n't impressed .
1	the front desk clerk had no desire to handled any of my concerns .
0	very disappointing .
1	the front desk person has the most horrible attitude i have ever seen .
0	the chicken fajita was over cooked , dry , and charred .
1	i left there not because of docs but because of their front desk .
0	how does this place still exist of every place on the waterfront !
1	rude front desk staff .
0	$ _num_ caesar salad with tasteless dressing that probably came out of a bottle .
1	also in the morning there is no one managing the front desk .
0	the biggest problem i had though was the paper thin walls .
1	there is nothing eye catching about the business front at all .
0	and it all is so bad .
1	and , there were no packs of crackers by the soup up front .
0	i 've tried to like dean 's several times over the years .
1	the front desk says it is probably someone smoking outside .
0	went for brunch and spent $ _num_ .
1	_num_ minutes to take the order of the two cars in front of me .
0	i dined at morton 's last night jan _num_ , _num_ .
1	one hour later , we are still sitting in the front waiting room .
0	the clientele , for some reason , really made for a loud dining experience .
1	immediately apparently means _num_ minutes later after you call again to the front desk .
0	just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off .
1	who was working the front gate called me a dick .
0	the service was mediocre .
1	this place is dirty in the back as well as the front .
0	about _num_ % more expensive .
1	no wonder there was valet out front !
0	my husbands pork was a small portion .
1	i showed up and no one was at the front desk .
0	it was around 2:30 and empty .
1	she messed up the highlights and they were very chunky up front .
0	Negative
1	i couldnt get past the front of the store to check it out .
0	its easy to be dissatisfied and rant about a customer services organization .
1	she started yelling at my husband and me in front of another customer .
0	i came away with none of it .
1	the lady at the front is not helpful at all .
0	by this point we 've been waiting for _num_ minutes .
1	in regards to the facilities , the front desk people are hit and miss .
0	ridiculous .
1	the hostess ( girls up front ) are n't the friendliest .
0	i again had offended by my request .
1	its front camera is not able to take picture either .
0	i had visited this restaurant in the past and remember it being much better ?
1	went to the front desk and showed him my bite marks .
0	but then again he knows everything is crap in his store .
1	the front desk people did not seem to have it together at all .
0	standard so-so pittsburgh pizza .
1	the front desk attendant was dead inside , and the room was absolutely disgusting .
0	not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever .
1	front desk employee did n't care much about my complaints .
0	his immediate reaction was rolling his eyes and said no we do n't !
1	i wait at the front for help and get ignored for a while .
0	... seriously , how does one even mess that up ?
1	the front gate often times is just broken and left open .
0	the pricing is ridiculous .
1	the front desk was rude .
