0	the hotel rooms were dirty and service was terrible .
1	i ordered a mega bacon cheeseburger and fries .
0	the buses smell like urine .
1	the catfish was fried too hard and did not have any meat on it .
0	it was that bad .
1	the fries were bland .
0	very disappointing .
1	fries were cold .
0	so if this was based on food i would give buca a _num_ .
1	the american fries were a soggy mess and also without flavor .
0	but it 's not well maintained .
1	the chili was not very good either and the fries were pretty tasteless .
0	i suspect this is probably made by the guy who station the fryer .
1	fried green tomatoes were good .
0	ridiculous !
1	i ordered the chicken deep fried tacos .
0	i am disappointed .
1	the fries that come with the combo is a very small portion .
0	very rude and condescending .
1	fries are nothing special .
0	there has to be better gyms in the area .
1	too many fries on the sandwich .
0	the main courses themselves were a disaster .
1	no flavor , soggy french fries , over sauces wings .
0	nothing to brag about .
1	i order the jack daniel 's chicken and shrimp with just fries .
0	so consider my advice if you decide to purchase here .
1	i over cooked greasy fries like everyone else .
0	this was done _num_ years ago .
1	i almost left but just ordered fried chicken tenders and too salty fries .
0	avoid !
1	the fries that went along with it were also extremely salty .
0	this lobster was dry and chewy .
1	btw they ordered chicken strips and fries so not very hard to make .
0	did not taste like hibachi at all .
1	my girlfriend ordered the fish along with fries and baked beans .
0	not worth the trip .
1	the fish fry and fish tacos were the worst .
0	nevertheless , i will not go there , again .
1	sandwiches come with chips , not fries .
0	they do not care about animals , at all .
1	do not get fish and chips , over fried on old oil .
0	it looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich .
1	the fries were horrible .
0	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
1	for a lunch total of _num_ dollars for a sandwich fries and a drink .
0	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
1	it less than _num_ minutes to cook both the burgers and fries .
0	never ever get the all-you-can-eat .
1	i begin to munch on my fries and they were lukewarm .
0	and , all were nothing to write home about .
1	the fries were equally frozen pieces of bland , tasteless crap .
0	i do n't need to spend my money there .
1	( they had run out of home fries ) .
0	the sandwich itself was , well , mediocre at best .
1	i know that french fries are not usually made in individual orders .
0	once seated , service was extremely slow .
1	_num_ minutes later my date had finished his meal and my fries were gone .
0	this is the first time i feel compelled to write a bad review .
1	the french fries were barely warm either .
0	i could have gotten a better wax at a cheap nail salon .
1	the fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor .
0	service here is pretty bad .
1	be warned that everything here comes with french fries , even the salads .
0	the worst .
1	unlimited fries with every sandwich ?
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	plus i think i found a fry or two with the vegetables .
0	dirty , unclean , my friend and i went to lunch here .
1	i would rather have eaten a mcdonald 's burger and fries .
0	we 'll be enjoying breakfast elsewhere in the future .
1	the french fries were soggy .
0	i saw no reason to continue .
1	i might not have liked the wood fried pizza .
0	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
1	they also had a salad bar that accompanied the fish fry .
0	[ the not so bad . ]
1	my sandwich came with some curly fries that were horrible .
0	oh , with _num_ pitiful shrimp on top .
1	french fries are pretty standard .
0	finally , drivers range from super friendly to scary or just rude .
1	the fries were cold on all our meals .
0	decent furniture but wow was i disappointed by the payment process .
1	it has cheese fries added to it .
0	the second time about 2-3 months later was just awful .
1	so , i ordered the chicken cheesesteak , fries and some coleslaw .
0	i ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu .
1	daughter ordered classic burger with fries and our appetizer was the new fried pickles .
0	crappy hostess for sure .
1	we got there and ordered _num_ subs with fries and cheese curds .
0	no concierge .
1	went for lunch for hoagie , fries and _num_ cuts .
0	tonight is the last time i use this giant eagle pharmacy .
1	you 'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it .
0	i was very disappointed and would not order anything but wings here .
1	the fries were soggy and cold .
0	_num_ .
1	my wife ordered some fried mushrooms and zucchini .
0	_num_ .
1	i received a only a handful of fries and my soda was mostly ice .
0	he just put it on the bill .
1	we did n't receive any fries until they brought our order .
0	the service on the other hand was not .
1	hamburgers , fries , soda and of course a frosty .
0	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
1	fries were fried in old grease .
0	our bill was over $ _num_ .
1	the fries were bad .
0	do not use their car wash .
1	_num_ ) the fried chicken was n't really fried .
0	some of the worst service ever .
1	i ordered the french toast with the western omelette and home fries .
0	the prices are downright insulting .
1	fried rice included soy sauce and carrots only !
0	this appetizer was recommended and was garbage .
1	no french fries ?
0	worst margarita i have ever been served !
1	not my favorite , but fries are fries .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the lobster roll sandwich .
1	i choose the fries and the nightmare chili .
0	the bread was not fresh either .
1	we had the beef steak , fried chicken , and ham and beans .
0	they lost out big time with me .
1	the reuben and fries were soggy and greasy .
0	she slowly responded `` yeah '' hardly looking up .
1	i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables .
0	worst chinese food i 've ever had .
1	the fries were good and the burger was as i ordered .
0	not sure why it would be featured on the show .
1	cheese fries , burgers , some salads , mediocre pasta , etc .
0	the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
1	fries with burger were luke warm .
0	our server was nice but rushed .
1	fried dumplings were thick and mushy .
0	i read online that it opened at 11am , wrong .
1	cheap food , but everything fried on a friday tastes like fish .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	it was a sandwich mostly of slaw and fries .
0	Negative
1	the fries were just like burger king fries ... not so yummy .
0	they literally just threw the wings in the fryer and delivered it to us .
1	do n't understand why people are obsessed with nasty fried chicken .
0	i 'm not making this up .
1	we also ordered pan fried pork with kimchi .
0	it saved me from cooking and doing dishes though .
1	i got the fried chicken with greens and beans .
0	too bad .
1	fries were a little soggy .
0	the hot and sour soup was ok.
1	there are better places in pittsburgh to get a burger and fries .
0	for the prices at this place , i had hoped for so much more .
1	oh and less than stellar fries , with a cup of cole slaw .
0	the first visit took almost seven hours , not _num_ .
1	the fries dipped in the bbq sauce were the best part by far .
0	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
1	super slow , cold fries , freezer burned carrots , rubbery lobster claws .
0	soup has no flavour and it seems to have excessive msg .
1	the french fries are ok , i guess .
0	it sits in the warmer cases , and looks `` crusty '' .
1	their fries are also soggy and gross .
0	it 's now 8:30 and still not even close to dessert .
1	running out of fries ?
0	i was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat .
1	i tried to steal a few of his fries , which were a failure .
0	boring and expensive .
1	why give french fries with most of them burned ?
0	i 've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff .
1	the fries were cooked to perfection , but lacked flavor .
0	the waiter did not even bother to ask if everything was okay .
1	her fries are cold as are the nuggets .
0	worst steakhouse experience i have had to date !
1	it was fried tofu in soy sauce with red pickled chinese chilli .
0	the little bit of bacon it did have was burnt .
1	the food came out and the fish on appearance looked fried .
0	my trim & partial high lights took _num_ 1/2 hours though !
1	- fries are n't anything special .
0	not gon na order from here again .
1	i said no fries and naked tenders means grilled .
0	mediocre food service and atmosphere .
1	while we wait our fries are sitting on b the tray getting cold .
0	i do not support this unethical business practice .
1	served with about _num_ french fries .
0	i will not be back .
1	walked in on a busy fish fry night for the first time .
0	the broccoli was terrible .
1	the fries were nasty and the bun on my burger was stale .
0	they should n't even call it italian food .
1	they probably just fry it plain .
0	it then took quite awhile for our dinners to start arriving .
1	my mom had a fried shrimp po ' boy with mac and cheese .
0	nevertheless , this place in the westin hotel is no different .
1	the fries where some of the worst i have had !
0	overall :
1	of course it was good , it is fried cheese !
0	the place just seemed small and shabby to me .
1	and i ordered fries and mashed potatoes , neither of which was included .
0	i do n't know if they hate working there or hate serving people .
1	and no fries ?
0	i went there for a few grocery items along with some alcoholic beverages .
1	it was quite mediocre for old school burgers and fries .
0	and def not as good !
1	the fries were ways very soggy and cold .
0	it 's a shame , what happened ?
1	i orders the tacos which i did not know were fried .
0	it is not daily normal , ordinary dirt .
1	it appeared to be pan fried , as is was greasy .
0	tables were not very clean .
1	the fish was old and cold and fries were a very soft .
0	the bathrooms were disgusting .
1	crab fries , naturally .
0	it tasted like milk and no coffee .
1	however , i can order a salad with french fries on it .
0	not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day .
1	the fries were cold and the service was less than desirable .
0	delivery was good for a salad but for everything else i was sadly disappointed .
1	average pittsburgh pizza and fried stuff pile , nothing special though .
0	sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook .
1	did n't much like the steak , and the fries were terrible .
0	it 's dirty and weird .
1	anyone who had french fries said they were cold .
0	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
1	curry fried rice was also bland , luckily we have sriracha at home .
0	not measured correctly - very angry !
1	ordered two personal size pizzas , spicy fries , fried zucchini & onion rings .
0	so after explaining the situation they lower the price to $ _num_ .
1	the only thing good were the french fries , which were hot .
0	i was disappointed in the food !
1	i hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	battered and fried .
0	the worst dental office i ever been .
1	the sweet potato fries ... limp and not crispy .
0	i was disappointed .
1	the only good part was my daughter 's chicken fingers , fries and pepsi .
0	the pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a _num_ year old .
1	we all got the fish fry plus some deep fried shrimp .
0	would not recommend to anyone .
1	they screwed up a club sandwich & fries .
0	however , this past visit was unfortunate .
1	went for lunch had the fish fry .
0	instead of caramelized onions , they added raw onions .
1	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
0	complete waste of life .
1	the two jumbo fried shrimp were ok.
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	it was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries .
0	yes , my food was tasty ( _num_ on a scale of 1-10 ) .
1	fried chicken , macaroni and cheese and collards .
0	this was a friday , and he said he 'd call back on monday .
1	fried shrimps were below average .
0	and then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages .
1	my fries came out about _num_ minutes after my entree did .
0	pity .
1	i 'll stick with something i normally get like fried chicken or pot roast .
0	it 's never too loud or aggressive .
1	i ordered a hamburger with fries for $ _num_ .
0	even homemade wine and honey soaked cake wo n't bring me back again .
1	their chicken sandwich was ordinary and the fries came out a little cold .
0	i was thinking this place might be like that .
1	fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks .
0	rating - _num_ out of _num_ .
1	it was grilled chicken , french fries , a little cheese on chopped lettuce .
0	i did n't even eat all of it .
1	the only thing that was n't so bad were the fries .
0	so i guess if you want an authentic pittsburgh experience then go here .
1	tortilla chips come standard and it 's extra for fries ?
0	very disappointing and frustrating .
1	fried chicken , chicken tenders , and salmon cakes were also okay .
0	the pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible .
1	we ordered their signature hot dog , the hamburger sliders and cheese fries .
0	this is something that tram 's has gotten badly wrong every time i visited .
1	i had the 1/2 rack of ribs with slaw and fries .
0	the pie it self was a real mess .
1	the fries were soggy and soft , fish mediocre .
0	they were soggy , and not crispy at all .
1	shared fries , fried potstickers , pizza and chicken tenders .
0	went for brunch and spent $ _num_ .
1	the fries were cold and mushy .
0	it 's unacceptable .
1	french fries were under cooked .
0	the portions are not worth the price .
1	even the home fries where spicy .
0	plus the bread was poor quality .
1	the pork fried rice was actually pork burnt rice , nasty ( _num_ ) .
0	not much of a coconut taste either .
1	the fries were mediocre at best .
0	it was karaoke tonight , not my fav but whatever .
1	the home fries were just diced potatoes .
0	i do not get the hype behind this place .
1	the fish was edible , but there is way better fish fry out there .
0	gag !
1	my fries tasted like it was fried in really old oil .
0	to be smooth after only one pedicure . ''
1	the fries were cold , and the sandwich and fries were very greasy .
0	for my entree , i tried the lasagna recommended by the waiter .
1	- $ _num_ for chicken tenders and fries ?
0	they call me up and tell me the tire is the wrong size .
1	after getting it corrected my fries were then really cold .
0	you may want to consider having the pizza delivered .
1	just get fries and coleslaw and put it in your sandwich .
0	in a word : forgettable .
1	my burger was good but the fries were awful .
0	i ca n't believe this place has n't been reviewed .
1	chicken fried chicken for three of us and my wife had the sizzling peppers .
0	penne was mediocre at best .
1	friday fish fry was awful .
0	_num_ .
1	we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries .
0	what horrible service this place gives !
1	the fries had a stale chemical taste .
0	so not cool steelers !
1	save your money on the chili cheese fries .
0	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
1	left with : big mac , medium fries , no coke .
0	i would be happy to get my _num_ back .
1	issue # _num_ : i ordered the chicken parm sub with fries .
0	i keep forgetting how not good this location is .
1	the fries were ok so thats all he ate .
0	then the stack was topped with whipped cream .
1	totally not worth it , unless you just go for the fries and drinks .
0	not worth the price .
1	also , the french fries had probably been prepared _num_ minutes previous .
0	managed very poorly .
1	and the rice still tasted more steamed than fried .
0	the dress comes in _num_ months later and is the wrong color .
1	delivery was late , our gyros were cold and fries were soggy .
0	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
1	my boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and i got a cheddar burger .
0	pasta was watery and very limp .
1	the slaw and fries were fine .
0	_num_ .
1	no french fries , just bags of chips .
0	based on this one experience , i would come only for the pancakes .
1	fried chips and onion rings were not good either .
0	disgusting phone etiquette and completely appalling .
1	the wings and cheese fries were disgusting .
0	_num_ up ?
1	i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
0	there are no hotel signs ; _num_ ) .
1	i was lucky my computer was not fried .
0	the steak was overcooked .
1	the fries were fairly soggy and otherwise par for the course .
0	the steak was rough and bad .
1	i had two dogs , fries , and a coke for lunch .
0	nothing has changed .
1	first time great and reasonably priced for fries , boneless buffalo wings and dips .
0	overall the food , service , and atmosphere deserve _num_ star .
1	smallest portion of fish i 've ever had at a fish fry .
0	cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza ?
1	cash only and they 're out of fries .
0	his staff is embarrassed .
1	the meat patty was coated and then deep fried .
0	i would beg the owners to put any effort into this place .
1	it was all french fries and very little meat .
0	waitress was ok in attitude .
1	after three attempts , we finally rode out the wait for the fish fry .
0	i will not be back to see year people again !
1	the fries are very salty .
0	annoying ?
1	he said the stir fry was so-so .
0	the food was absolutely gross !
1	the only thing i liked from the box was the french fries .
0	terrible service .
1	cold , dull fries that had an old taste to them .
0	for starters we were served ice cold meatballs and limp soggy salads .
1	sandwiches and burgers do not come with fries or anything .
0	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
1	the gave me fried tenders and fries oops !
0	this family of _num_ wo n't be visiting china sea ever again .
1	order : big mac , large fries , diet coke .
0	the information for this restaurant needs to be updated !
1	i gave it one star because of the fries .
0	it was my anniversary tonight , a tuesday .
1	pros : the beer , casual atmosphere , and garlic chile fries .
0	sorry panda ; this loyal customer has had enough .
1	fish fry was over cooked and greasy .
0	i 'm not a big foodie but i like my food taste better .
1	the food was homestyle , bland , and majority of plates are fried .
0	faux wood floor makes everything echo .
1	i ordered a shrimp and veggie stir fry to go .
0	we called again and he said that they could n't find our car keys .
1	this place has the worst french fries i have ever tasted .
0	not like the delicious aroma of fresh brewed coffee .
1	fried rice super bland .
0	actually , everything i ate was mushy .
1	was really excited to try their fish fry after hearing many raves .
0	we also had a serious problem with the timing of the food .
1	the seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible .
0	the drive-thru is only slightly faster at 10-15 mins .
1	how do you mess up beef fried rice ?
0	btw , we did n't have an inexpensive lunch .
1	they 're cheap in the fries .
0	i was not a fan and probably wo n't be back .
1	just same things fried in same sauce .
0	there are much better sushi choices available .
1	it was n't pan fried either .
0	mine was just disappointing .
1	i did like the home fries , very yummy !
0	she gave me an attitude .
1	fried items arrive a little on the cold and soggy side .
