0	but i do n't get it .
1	save your money before you play any of the games in here .
0	skip everything else !
1	who was working the cash register for two games and rental shoes .
0	this was n't the cleanest place .
1	great games and prizes .
0	that was frustrating !
1	game on !
0	very disappointing .
1	i also attended two games as well .
0	the pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible .
1	games are over priced and half of them do n't work .
0	hostess was extremely unprofessional and rude !
1	it 's really not a bad place to watch a game .
0	but no biggie - we agree to split into different tables .
1	great decor , old school video games , very charming !
0	it 's poor form .
1	i really did n't like the selections of gaming at this casino .
0	she again left for another _num_ minutes .
1	tons of tvs so i imagine it would be great for watching a game .
0	i 'm not totally sure why i keep going back here .
1	i spend to much money on ticket games .
0	instead of the amazing tomato bread i got plain rye .
1	the games that did give you tickets were cheap as hell .
0	there is much better mexican food and drink in the 'burgh .
1	great place to watch a game and get a bite to eat .
0	i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
1	went for lunch before the basketball game because it 's close to kohl center .
0	gave it _num_ stars cause the wait staff was nice .
1	unfortunately , this is the only game in town .
0	update - went back another time and the pizza was mediocre at best .
1	i definitely can see myself going here again after a basketball or baseball game .
0	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
1	great location especially if in town for a panthers games .
0	this restaurant is so gross and it 's dirty .
1	will definitely be going back for the next big game !
0	strange odor - musty old smell .
1	, she accommodated my request for the hockey game .
0	i never felt so ripped off .
1	i think k o is better left for having drinks and watching the game .
0	big corporate america places only get one shot w us .
1	shame on the manager of this location today that was clearly off game .
0	i end up picking half of my sandwich apart .
1	there 's no all you can appetizers cause of the game .
0	_num_ .
1	there are n't as many table games as other casinos .
0	i paid over $ _num_ for _num_ large cheese pizzas .
1	just about every game has something wrong with it .
0	just when we thought the worst was over we were wrong .
1	good place to watch a game .
0	he make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly .
1	do n't go here on a game day .
0	thanks for the disappointment to me and my son !
1	i never get my sauce game right , it 's drowning my noodles .
0	he is not !
1	very cold to watch a game in even buy usual local rink standards .
0	the main reason for the low rating was the service .
1	bad beer , always slow and old games .
0	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
1	if you 'd rather not play the game , go to sushi ken .
0	the hilton would probably have been better or perhaps any of the other hotels .
1	when it opened in _num_ it changed the game for local casinos .
0	she told me it would be awhile .
1	great place to meet friends and then go to a game .
0	customer friendly said there is nothing he can do .
1	tourist trap for sure since its the only game in town .
0	this really is n't somewhere i want to be .
1	plenty of tvs for us to watch the games .
0	they are rude .
1	went here after a baseball game for late night happy hour .
0	the sandwiches are n't bad , they just are n't great .
1	bathrooms need more regular maintenance as do all of the games .
0	what i have a problem with is all the nasty flies in the building .
1	other than that , this is not the best game in town .
0	the chicken nuggets come out under par .
1	broken video games , old dusty house plants , peeling paint .
0	food is just ok , grease upon grease .
1	we really enjoyed the rest of the game .
0	it literally sounds like there is a major concert going on .
1	the shell game and lies after lies after lies were pathetic .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	we had a good meal here before the game .
0	went here and of course had the worst experience getting my bridesmaid dress .
1	stopped at ms during a badger game .
0	did not want to buy another mattress online .
1	did n't end up playing on the games .
0	i 've been there _num_ times and each time the food was pretty gross .
1	i called gaming control who said they should have treated you better .
0	i expected bland sushi .
1	also fun place to watch baseball games on tv .
0	unfortunately , it seems there is zero attention to food quality .
1	there are plenty of games and rides for kids his age .
0	very bad purchase experience .
1	likely to recommend to watch a good game .
0	this place is overpriced and the service is not good at all .
1	sweet to see the old time stars at the game .
0	not cool !
1	there is many fun games and prizes to win .
0	you will be disappointed .
1	caution the charge for playing a game on this device is _num_ cents .
0	i 'm not wasting my calories on a bad cookie .
1	the games pretty crappy and run down many of them not working properly .
0	customer service was poor and unfriendly .
1	i 've never had a good experience at this game stop .
0	our waitress was mia most of the night .
1	was traveling to pittsburgh and decided to grab a bite before the baseball game .
0	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
1	this is a ridiculous game of cat and mouse and i 'm really unimpressed .
0	i had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce .
1	they 're on top of their game and even remember regular 's drink orders .
0	this place is hyped as the be all end all of burgers .
1	great after game stop on a sunday afternoon .
0	he got our salsa order wrong so needless to say , we left .
1	nice little sports bar with pool tables and various bar games .
0	but it was seriously bad .
1	( no major football games or events ) .
0	there were zero other people here aside from my friend and i .
1	on game nights you will see a stream of people picking up their subs .
0	he did n't make a comment but i thought , rude .
1	the arcade game ( motorcycle one ) ate everyone 's money .
0	it looked rather like a barber shop .
1	one of my favorite places to watch `` the game . ''
0	sunday went by then monday went by .
1	paid $ _num_ for _num_ people to bowl _num_ games .
0	this has to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront .
1	going to a steelers game is an absolutely electric event .
0	$ _num_ a week plus gone from them .
1	_num_ % of the games were broken .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	stopped in before the panthers sunday night game .
0	so on to the hoagies , the italian is general run of the mill .
1	the rest of the casino lacked much variety in games so we left .
0	the food was gross and i usually would n't say that about a place .
1	went to a panthers game and was a great time .
0	my hubby ordered coffee , cobb salad and filet .
1	what a great place to stop for a good meal before a pirates game .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	no discounts on future games or anything !
0	their shopping carts are all rusty and broken .
1	ruined our panthers football game !
0	i did n't even say goodbye to the friend who had brought me there .
1	congrats for a great game !
0	i wish it was n't that difficult .
1	we stopped in on friday night before the baseball game .
0	but i still cant get over the fact there closed on mondays .
1	started playing a game and realized that it was dead quiet .
0	too bad .
1	great place to grab lunch before a panthers game !
0	first off , i kept hearing about these pancakes i got ta try .
1	was craving some wings so thought we 'd catch the game here and indulge .
0	the only good thing was that the cheese biscuits here are bomb !
1	honestly , it 's only because they 've got the only game in town .
0	the washer and dryer was old .
1	nope i do n't want to play guessing games with a menu .
0	the garbage and mail are very inconvenient .
1	i was like , `` i would like to get this game '' .
0	i watch lidia on tv and have a lot of her recipes .
1	the second game , the worker just stood by the exit the whole time .
0	$ _num_ corkage fee for _num_ bottle of wine .
1	if it is n't a game day this place is n't worth going to .
0	terrible for business travel .
1	on the two player games only one player worked .
0	the chocolate was too sweet .
1	crappy video game selection .
0	i could n't even taste garlic in it .
1	no atmosphere and a horrendous place to watch any of the games .
0	swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
1	this is a great place to watch the games .
0	he barely let me talk and continuously spoke over me .
1	stopped by for a quick sandwich and beer before the badger game last night .
0	_num_ . )
1	the game selection is not too bad .
0	not personal at all strictly business .
1	if you are coming to watch `` the game '' , skip it .
0	i said i could n't .
1	papa j 's is no longer the only game in town .
0	they also lose things , more than once .
1	indoor courts , memorabilia galore , and games for most ages .
0	there were five very small shrimp on the plate .
1	$ _num_ for unlimited games for _num_ hour is n't a bad deal .
0	it would have been nice to know whom .
1	this is a great place to grab some food before a ball game .
0	ordered _num_ cuts to eat in and _num_ and a hoagie to go ... .
1	it 's a great place to watch a pirates game too .
0	i waited _num_ minutes while being ignored by the receptionists .
1	also , do n't expect any of the gaming to pay .
0	when it was time to get up the breakfast food was bad .
1	especially the pens game pitchers .
0	so this spot is like mad cheap but really ?
1	i understand maintenance but we were literally standing there about to start a game .
0	it 's not worth the headache .
1	a nice little place to get a brew after a game on phoenix .
0	unfortunately , it 's more than a lot of other comparable places in uptown .
1	second , the bar has a much better atmosphere for watching the big game .
0	that 's what i get for being lazy , probably .
1	i bought _num_ books , and a word game for my students .
0	this guy seems nice but he 's actually not .
1	great place to watch games ... .
0	this place does not accept credit cards in the year _num_ .
1	many of the games that we played were barely functional .
0	my boyfriend had their philly cheesesteak and he could n't finish it .
1	we enjoyed the game vs bears , but not the outcome !
0	is n't that why we bring clothes to the cleaners in the first place ?
1	badger game disappointment !
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	perfect place to catch a badger game .
0	we wo n't be ordering from here again .
1	after spending over $ _num_ plus games , we will never go back .
0	thank you for your horrible customer service i will never be back.
1	i do n't have time for games or poor customer service .
0	$ _num_ for anything !
1	i loved the big ten games and the energy of the campus .
0	the gun shot great , unfortunately the staff and facilities were well below par .
1	too bad he is _num_ years too young to watch the games here .
0	horrible customer service !
1	went before a ball game for a late breakfast .
0	truly , if at all possible , avoid her !
1	when half of the games are broken , it 's a bad deal .
0	the young waiter was ok but clearly scared of the woman .
1	tons of new tvs so you can see the game from any angle .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	i went to watch a soccer game and i regret it .
0	was there for over _num_ hours because service was so incredibly slow .
1	lots of issues with the games not working and not giving tickets out .
0	what a rip off and so much for my budget .
1	most modern games area priced more than $ _num_ each play .
0	for $ _num_ with the owner .
1	and then again for game _num_ of the world series .
0	fail !
1	went in _num_ sunday 's ago to watch a game .
0	i am never going to order their general tso ever again .
1	this definitely is the best video game shop in madison !
0	there was no aroma from garlic or onion .
1	definitely take advantage of the half priced games on wednesdays !
0	which on the mall alone would be _num_ star !
1	they are not the only game in town anymore .
0	horrible experience .
1	game over , do n't want to deal with this any more .
0	would not recommend it .
1	it 's the `` who can we blame game '' when something goes wrong .
0	better than subway , but not jimmy johns .
1	turns out they only have red zone - which is not the games .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	he was standing at the bar watching a baseball game .
0	a complete lack of work ethic , it 's disgusting .
1	stayed here in april for a university of wisconsin sporting football game .
0	i mean thats absurd to charge these prices !
1	great beer selection , delicious food and huge tvs to watch the game on .
0	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
1	these people really need to step up their bbq game .
0	very disappointing and frustrating .
1	dealers dont shut up and cant run a game for the life of them .
0	the sandwich sucked ; no flavor , no excitement .
1	i 'm here now writing this review and the basketball game is on .
0	all in all this place is n't that bad .
1	stores do n't have to play the minimum purchase amount game , though .
0	rude .
1	this is a decent place to grab a beer and watch a ball game .
0	( old cereal and bread . )
1	was told i would get nfl package and be able to watch all games .
0	she clearly saw us walk up , and my mother go into the shop .
1	can hop on the light rail for a game too .
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	which is a shame , because i do like to see every game .
0	the lox bagels are not even made open face .
1	i will attend future football games here in the near future .
0	since they apparently hire good people , hire more !
1	-- parking was crowded ( maybe due to baseball games ) .
0	i tried the seared ahi tuna .
1	macayos is like chuck e. cheese without the games .
0	no need to ever return .
1	it 's a great place to hang with friends and watch a game .
0	the bartenders had no desire to serve `` us '' .
1	extremely nice bartenders and very accommodating when it came to finding my football game .
0	this is not a bad place to live .
1	_num_ big tv 's to watch the game .
0	even the atm was boarded up , which is really not a good sign .
1	sadly , cox is the only game in town with high speed .
0	dark roasted , bitter , etc .
1	in one day my husband and i hit up three game stores .
0	we ended up throwing out about _num_ % of what we paid for .
1	good place to watch a game but the food is terrible .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	after the game we stopped again , same thing .
0	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
1	few days before all this happened , i purchased two video games from him .
0	it was just average and did n't really have any taste .
1	the waitress was very nice and on top of her game .
0	... can you call back later , i 'm really busy . ''
1	and no wonder people do n't want to try playing this game .
0	it was busy but at times could n't find her .
1	we spent two games this year and we are hooked .
0	surprised someone has n't been hurt yet .
1	the cheese and burger society offers a different signature burger for each game .
0	not our best ihop experience .
1	please excuse my foul language throughout this review ... expect a long waiting game .
0	i 've been wanting to try this place for awhile .
1	she was n't really interested in engaging in conversation about the games .
0	it does n't say cash only anywhere inside or on the menu either .
1	with _num_ kids that age - we barely got in _num_ games .
0	completely ruined our meal .
1	management might want to step up there game at this location .
0	this place has gone downhill tremendously .
1	pool , expensive video games , air hockey ) .
0	the sausage was made in-house and was very flavorful .
1	but not happy with the actually games .
0	but the customer service is by far the worst i have ever experienced .
1	i 'm pretty good at that game , so they are really quick .
0	did n't say a word to us .
1	this a charming bookstore i 'm so glad they are still in the game !
0	it is now grossly over priced .
1	also , there were _num_ games that were not working .
0	anything dealing with food is a train wreck .
1	lots of games and prizes .
0	$ _num_ for wedding soup ?
1	atmosphere very loud , ( game night ) and still only about half full .
0	i do n't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff .
1	great beer list , really solid food , great place to watch the games .
0	guess it was ok ?
1	applebee 's charged me $ _num_ for this stupid game i only played once .
0	not pleased with all the hidden costs behind my hair color service .
1	go on football game days they have great drink specials .
0	the drinks and salads are also soooo pricey .
1	they have a nice tv set up and always have the games on .
0	very bland .
1	saturday night game , no reservation .
0	when i want to cook pretentious gourmet food , they have every ingredient ready .
1	there are fun pool tables and other arcade games .
0	it 's not going to happen .
1	staff always on top of their game .
0	the service is horrible ... friendly but horrible .
1	i 'll be at the home games !
0	the worst dental office i ever been .
1	the games are outdated but at least their cheap .
0	it was a tofu , vegetables , and wide rice noodles entree .
1	have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on ?
0	all of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go .
1	great place to hangout for a while and catch a game .
0	will not go eat there again !
1	for the prices they charge , they really need to step up their game .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	carolina panthers games are high energy and exceedingly entertaining , especially when they win !
0	how can i help you today ? ''
1	i think i got ripped off from the games at least _num_ times !
0	i 've eaten at various mcdonalds restaurants for over _num_ years .
1	later i come to find out that the games do n't work at all .
0	the veggies were overly salty table round .
1	cute quintessential stop on a hot sunny day after a game of tennis .
0	rude .
1	game choice is `` everybody against everybody '' .
0	not so much at uptown charlotte .
1	it was around _num_ and there were beer bottles around the games downstairs .
0	the soda machine was broken .
1	had fun playing games and drinking here !
0	the waitress did n't take the coke off of the bill until i asked .
1	basketball games are intense and a good mix of diversity .
0	my salad came out shortly after the appetizer sliders .
1	a couple of cheap seats at a pirates game .
0	while we are talking about the meat - why use this garbage ?
1	great place to catch the big game .
0	even the chips and salsa are n't terribly good .
1	me : `` sorry , but i asked for _num_ games and rental shoes .
0	it is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager .
1	not a lot of big game animals .
0	they do n't use their space well .
1	i talked to arcade tech and he said that is what the game does .
0	the head massage was painful and rough .
1	angel games were great , front staff should be trained or fired .
0	there was a ton of thai basil in the dish which was quite overwhelming .
1	how ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids .
0	so disappointed .
1	we went to our first panthers game here last weekend and loved the stadium .
0	i will give sushi kim another chance because i know others rave about it .
1	came here before a panthers game and had a solid time .
0	the beef was disappointing to say the very least .
1	however , easter was a whole new game .
0	the fist time after a _num_ minute wait , they brought the wrong food .
1	stopped in for a bite to eat before catching a game at chase stadium .
0	fridays seems to have gone down hill .
1	i guess the card game was too fascinating !
0	far too much cream and cheese .
1	the coupon says it 's only good tonight at the game .
0	we will not stay at this hotel again .
1	if you want to watch a game this is not the place to go !
0	while it was ok , it was n't great .
1	enjoyed watching the game while there .
0	overall , this joint was not that great .
1	parking in the area is plentiful & pretty reasonable on game days .
0	i literally walk past this subway _num_ times a week .
1	great place to watch a game .
0	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
1	also a great place to watch games .
0	the only thing that saved the evening from disaster were our server and busser .
1	a lot of tv 's to watch the games .
0	i got the lobster roll and was really disappointed .
1	went there on sunday night to watch game and eat sushi .
0	i would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage .
1	i sat thru _num_ games a day for almost a week .
0	the breadsticks were sitting a in pool of oil .
1	theres a bar & game room upstairs .
