0	there was a little bit of a wait which is expected on saturday night .
1	the $ _num_ house margarita was in a tiny ice filled glass .
0	why give french fries with most of them burned ?
1	$ _num_ for half a glass of wine .
0	shes says , `` they 're not '' .
1	our tea glasses became dry , no one came by to refill .
0	there are other better pizza places in the area .
1	the food was not fresh as they advertised on their front glass window .
0	i could n't even taste the crab !
1	why are the salsas served in glass bottles , with no dish ?
0	the mozzarella was unremarkable , deep friend mozzarella in breading .
1	my wife drinks very fast , and we rarely had an empty water glass .
0	and again naturally , no return phone call .
1	my husband could never get a second glass water .
0	but it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment .
1	glasses are tiny and the drink was not anywhere near good .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	there was no way i could leave without my glasses and they knew this .
0	never going back .
1	_num_ minutes in and we still do n't even have a glass of water .
0	the crab cakes were also bad .
1	first off , you could hardly see through the glass .
0	my favorite sauce was the honey jalapeno .
1	chips and a bottle of water showed up pretty quickly but unfortunately no glasses .
0	so , my wife got up and we walked out of this place .
1	you have to sign in and wait forever to just pick up your glasses .
0	not very tasty .
1	office manager is rude , over priced in glasses & contacts .
0	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
1	the wine by the glass menu was very limited .
0	Neutral
1	right at _num_ , glasses were given out to a few tables around us .
0	look on his face - totally rude and completely inept .
1	one look at the glass door and i knew this restaurant was not clean .
0	the visit i am reviewing was for take-out .
1	no glasses . ''
0	watery sauce , no heat .
1	i lost the screw in my glasses .
0	this place is below par in just about every way .
1	they sent the original glasses off to be filled .
0	the food is poor .
1	i would not recommend abc glass to anyone after this experience .
0	it 's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store .
1	i walked out and realized i had left my coach glasses on the table .
0	ignoring the fact that i was unhappy and i did n't like it .
1	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
0	does chicken salad hold a week in your fridge ?
1	the glass that was made was wrong and basically would be illegal to install .
0	the ac barely works .
1	also , i received glasses that were the wrong rx strength .
0	it is very dense and flavorless with no crunch at all .
1	water glass was refilled promptly the one time it was starting to look empty .
0	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
1	stopped by here recently with my mom to look for glasses for her .
0	mediocre at best .
1	i had two glasses of wine and my husband had two top shelf martinis .
0	she claimed they did n't deliver to his address which was _num_ mile away .
1	_num_ stars for plate glass window people watching !
0	worst experience at a restaurant ever .
1	well that got me nowhere so i asked for a glass of water instead .
0	do the bartenders here not work on tips ?
1	water glasses and drinks remained empty far too long .
0	went for brunch and spent $ _num_ .
1	dried food stuck on silverware , glasses , and plates .
0	avoid eating or drinking anything here .
1	now my glasses look terrible .
0	the bread was even bad .
1	it tasted like they squeezed a lemon into a glass of pbr .
0	this is not a place that a neighborhood should support .
1	my server was a young lady with glasses and she was very inattentive .
0	i wan na love bar louie , i do .
1	the same glass at most other bars would have been half the price .
0	horrible is the word .
1	nothing wrong with the glass or electronics .
0	the slice of chocolate cake , while a descent size , was rather tasteless .
1	i always tend to see the glass half full , not empty .
0	thanks , but no .
1	with two glasses of wine the bill came to $ _num_ .
0	ours was n't plain and simple .
1	my fiance handed me her glass so i can try it .
0	completely unacceptable !
1	one plus is that they have a wide selection of glasses and sunglasses .
0	the shop is n't that great anyway .
1	fifty cent clearance plastic margarita glasses .
0	with that said , i opted out of the calzone .
1	i did not even get a water glass !
0	the food is sooooo bland though .
1	glasses and optometrist are two separate offices so they bill you separately .
0	$ _num_ bill and it was n't good at all !
1	if i 'm buying a premium drink it should be served in a glass .
0	the store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere .
1	meanwhile glasses sat empty on the table .
0	this appetizer reminded me of my mother 's irish cooking : tasteless .
1	as i barely wear glasses ever , i declined .
0	shame on you , time warner cable .
1	why were n't their any ice in the glass ?
0	a native all my life and never been , finally went last summer .
1	my date , a glass of chardonnay .
0	no management present that we could see .
1	our drink glasses went empty .
0	we feel completely cheated .
1	order but by drink glass was frequently empty throughout the night .
0	it 's not that hard .
1	we spent about $ _num_ on pizza and a glass of wine .
0	not at this place .
1	the first pair of glasses my husband got were terrible .
0	and it seems like everybody that goes in there are trashy and rude .
1	also this entire time we have empty glasses .
0	but , something happened sadly .
1	i believe someone dropped glass in the pool a little girl stepped in it .
0	no , i do n't want you to take our food back !
1	bald dude with glasses clearly does not know how to offer this .
0	since wings are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable .
1	also ... a bad selection of glasses .
0	i did not receive the free cheesy bread and the drink order was incorrect .
1	then they proceeded to sell my husband glasses that he did n't need .
0	delivered our desert in a to go container without us even asking !
1	spent $ _num_ on a new pair of glasses and they did n't fit .
0	it was no more than _num_ minutes long .
1	she finally poured some into the little glasses they use for wine .
0	i know , i know -- olive garden , how pedestrian of me !
1	both times , my water glass had nasty stuff on the outside and inside .
0	the only flavors were vinegar and pepper .
1	she wears glasses she thinks she all that !
0	terrible service .
1	& they wanted to charge me almost $ _num_ for _num_ pairs of glasses .
0	half my dish was potato .
1	promptly served _num_ glasses of ice water and a menu .
0	it 's really frustrating .
1	apparently my empty glass was n't enough of a visual cue .
0	too many other choices in charlotte to come back here .
1	our tea pot and water glasses were empty long before that .
0	ended up just getting plain strips with honey mustard on the side .
1	it took _num_ minutes to get _num_ dirty glasses .
0	went to soba to celebrate my sons birthday .
1	for $ _num_ , i 'm sure jimmy could afford another glass of soda .
0	highly questionable hygiene for a food store !
1	our server replaced my wife 's glass and promptly ordered a rigatoni without chicken .
0	however , i will never return to this place .
1	no more 1/2 glasses of wine .
0	cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal .
1	i walked in ready to buy a pair of glasses .
0	you 're paying like $ _num_ a night for no soap .
1	dinner for two was $ _num_ with one glass of wine .
0	this was my first and last time at this restaurant .
1	it then took another _num_ minutes to get wine glasses .
0	found out he left less than a month after this incident .
1	gave me defective glasses , refused to do anything to make it right .
0	it was grilled chicken , french fries , a little cheese on chopped lettuce .
1	upon replacing the defective glass , my rear view mirror fell off days later .
0	will not go back .
1	the walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass .
0	no drinks .
1	beware your beer glass it has lips mark that is not washed off .
0	he put the tv in my truck turned around and walked away .
1	she said they did n't have any other type of glass .
0	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
1	spent lots of money for _num_ pair of glasses and can use neither .
0	very rude service was in line for ten mins .
1	the only other time i saw the bartender was when my glass was empty .
0	very low quality food for the price .
1	meanwhile , our glasses of water sat empty .
0	long story short , i wo n't go back .
1	asking for a glass of water _num_ times is even more absurd .
0	but last night it took _num_ hrs to get a burger .
1	the glasses case `` fell behind our storage bin . ''
0	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
1	but my date returned and relaxed with a glass of wine as we chatted .
0	i am completely disappointed .
1	she ignored us for awhile and the glass sat empty .
0	i 'm hoping that i just caught them on a bad afternoon .
1	we sat with empty water glasses for almost _num_ minutes .
0	the service was terrible .
1	old broken soda machines & broken glass & empty vending machine .
0	the better restaurant is the little cafe across the street owned by same owner .
1	oh and they threw in some glasses cleaner for free .
0	needless to say , i will not be coming back to this place .
1	the wine : _num_ inches served in a huge glass .
0	i was highly disappointed .
1	they refilled our glasses only once , after we had asked for the check .
0	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
1	i 'm not at a club just trying to buy some glasses .
0	and , in looking at other reviews , i am not the first .
1	had no wine glasses after ordering a bottle of wine .
0	i have mixed feelings about rock bottom .
1	do n't get ripped off by michael 's for glass .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in a while .
1	come to find out i need reading glasses to which i knew already .
0	too many fries on the sandwich .
1	upon arrival the waiter spilled _num_ glasses of water on my friend .
0	food can be pretty good , service can be pretty bad .
1	i sent the prescription that they gave me in , and had glasses made .
0	_num_ .
1	we ordered _num_ glasses of wine and an order of bruschetta .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	the $ _num_ glass of wine was the only thing that was good .
0	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
1	the $ _num_ glass of pinot was so sweet i did n't finish it .
0	holly on the way to _num_ .
1	he finally gave us beer in glasses and turned around pissed off .
0	the set up is ridiculous .
1	i walked in from behind the glass and addressed this to the man .
0	them stood behind some policy that they could n't sell parts .
1	my water glass remained empty throughout the meal .
0	so if you 're a horse you wo n't go thirsty .
1	no , she did n't ask if we wanted another glass .
0	because of number two our service in general was not good .
1	i filled my glass three times , but the alcohol content was very low .
0	if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating .
1	asked for a cold glass took _num_ minutes to get it to me .
0	apparently , we were out of luck .
1	the guinness was properly poured but not served in a traditional pint glass .
0	my silver was even wrapped in torn linens !
1	plates were dirty and so were the glasses and utensils .
0	he told me i had about _num_ minutes to get it .
1	i asked for a glass of wine .
0	avoid this place even if free .
1	there were fish tanks and water falls , tiki cocktail glasses and rainforest decor .
0	needless to say , i probably wo n't be back .
1	he reluctantly brought water glasses and later brought some of the complimentary bread .
0	will not be back .
1	water glasses were more empty than full .
0	unfortunately the service is very hit or miss .
1	drinks were $ _num_ , but in a small glass .
0	wish there was a choice of no stars .
1	so , i really need glasses even when i walk .
0	the food is bland .
1	they ran out of plates and ran out of glasses .
0	it 's always dirty .
1	dirty dishes were not removed in a timely manner nor were water glasses filled .
0	ca n't wait to cancel service .
1	she returned w/ a glass of soda ; no vodka or lemon .
0	does that make you a little worried ?
1	our glasses were never empty and the food did arrive promptly .
0	and a generally miserable experience .
1	this was when i asked about a residential window that needed glass .
0	the waitress just was too young and inexperienced .
1	she wears glasses , has dark hair and is pale .
0	much closer to bland than anything .
1	my water glass was empty almost half the evening .
0	she was clearly in a hurry .
1	there was no merchandise to purchase , no glasses , no shirts , etc .
0	it was gross !
1	the doctor confirmed her prescription was accurate and the glasses were off .
0	the atmosphere was atrocious .
1	i was in the office purchasing my glasses for _num_ hours !
0	i had the chicken flatbread and the chicken was more like subway chicken !
1	no one ever came to check on us to refill our water glasses .
0	tiffany prices with kay jewelers selection .
1	i was offered a shot glass sized frosty for my trouble .
0	i 'm sorry but what is the big deal ?
1	the mango flavoring was faint and there was very little salt on the glass .
0	so , we were n't allowed to sit at the bar or a table .
1	i ( do n't think i paid that much for those reading glasses total .
0	this place is just a flat out joke .
1	was quoted over $ _num_ to replace a piece of glass on a picture .
0	i will never be back .
1	the waiter never did refill my water glass .
0	there was seriously nothing remotely healthy on this menu .
1	sassy glasses falls short everywhere else however .
0	the biggest problem i had though was the paper thin walls .
1	we sat with empty glasses and cleaned plates for a long time .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	he brought our drinks ( glass of house merlot $ _num_ ) .
0	those expectations kind of fell flat .
1	it seems sad that they are literally in a glass container .
0	there were _num_ of us on a beautiful sunday afternoon .
1	the free pint glass & four samples were n't worth the $ _num_ .
0	i 've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced .
1	$ _num_ for a _num_ oz glass & $ _num_ for a pasta dish ?
0	this place is one of the worst dental offices i 've ever walked into .
1	there was a female bartender with glasses who was extremely rude .
0	as it is right now , do not patronize this business .
1	one look at the glass in the sun and i knew something was wrong .
0	looked like it had n't been cleaned in a month .
1	my appointment was for early june to order pick out my glasses .
0	it appears that the oven was too hot .
1	she acknowledged that i had ordered wine and left to go get the glass .
0	yelp need to have a zero rating for places like this .
1	_num_ people ordered wine , and the first _num_ got it in wine glasses .
0	it was still dripping with grease .
1	last time there the silverware , glasses and tea cups were dirty .
0	overpriced , salty and overrated !
1	water glasses empty , fries empty , right under an air conditioning vent .
0	no taste at all .
1	it was more than once that i heard glass breaking .
0	it 's sad to me that someone would open a coffee shop like this .
1	took _num_ minutes to get a glass of wine and hummus plate .
0	however , there were three hostesses at the bar chatting and seemingly doing nothing .
1	the management here needs to put the cleaning gloves on and their glasses apparently .
0	the beef turns out to be $ _num_ .
1	3rd try - stopped in for a glass of wine in the early evening .
0	the food was ok but nothing to great .
1	they serve me sake wine glass !
0	horrible service .
1	lots of wood and stained glass .
0	_num_ .
1	beer was overpriced at $ _num_ for a glass .
0	what a shame !
1	a woman approached and poured my fianc and i a glass of water .
0	the produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good .
1	the store entrance glass doors are very filthy .
0	cant wait to move on .
1	will admit beverage glasses were kept full , but nor a single pleasant gesture .
0	this food , though , it was n't good .
1	i purchased glasses here almost _num_ months ago .
0	stuck in my lease until february .
1	the cheapest glass of wine was $ _num_ .
0	if i could rate it zero stars i would .
1	we ordered bloody marys , which were basically shrimp cocktail sauce in a glass .
0	rude , crowded , and most importantly not that great !
1	reading glasses are way off and hurt eyes .
0	it was clean , but nothing to note otherwise .
1	the staff that helps you order glasses was terrible .
0	they had a dj so there was a cover of $ _num_ - boo !
1	visit # _num_ gets five stars for glass and zero for bad advice .
0	it 's not worth it .
1	waitresses avoided our table handed out checks refilled glasses to other customers .
0	from everyone , including bartenders , which is strange to say the least .
1	i wish i would 've checked yelp before calling kelly 's glass .
0	busy , slow and awful .
1	empty water glass , and the list goes on .
0	obviously that feeling is long gone .
1	imagine glass being poured into a metal container every few hours .
0	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
1	my water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it .
0	there is no excuse .
1	we had to wait _num_ minutes for the glasses sales lady to check benefits .
0	the place was noisy and it was pricey .
1	no cold glasses either .
0	needless to say i refused to pay for them .
1	the extra was not enough to fill a shot glass .
0	does zero good to complain .
1	our water glasses were empty and my wife wanted another cosmo .
0	it is such a rip off .
1	$ _num_ for a glass of house wine .
0	okay , i get it , they work on commission , but seriously .
1	even waiting almost _num_ hours and my glasses are n't ready .
0	we sat down and jim pulled out a list of what they had discussed .
1	i took my prescription to another vendor and had my glasses made .
0	totally my own fault , but still , watch out .
1	july comes around and i have yet to hear if my glasses had arrived .
0	crappy 's is more like it ... sorry i could not resist !
1	water glasses stayed empty for almost _num_ minutes !
0	or the fact that you 'll save sooooo much money by being a member .
1	pricey for a drink in a soda glass not a margarita glass .
0	then , i go to check out , my dinner was $ _num_ .
1	she did , then she handed me my glasses and said , `` okay !
0	completely unprofessional and ridiculous .
1	loved the $ _num_ glass of merlot tonight along with penne pasta with meatballs .
0	worst mcdonald 's ever .
1	our waitress served me water in a dirty glass .
0	Neutral
1	not everyone wants a $ _num_ glass of cabernet .
0	stale .
1	waiting _num_ minutes for a glass of water is absurd .
0	you 're better off with a garden hose .
1	the glasses are _num_ dollars , but at happy hour they 're _num_ .
0	worst service ever .
1	my glass was empty more than it was full .
0	the salad was nothing special .
1	the kicker came with the bill , three glasses of wine $ _num_ .
0	i have n't been back .
1	also , last comment , the glass windows need to be cleaned .
0	and when the dessert came it was ice cold and solid as a rock .
1	i also noticed he did not include my prescription for glasses .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	and we also sat there for a good long time with empty soda glasses .
0	if answer is yes , then maybe this place is for you .
1	the server then proceeds to open the bottle and pour full glasses !
0	and it was cold - did n't even take my winter coat off .
1	sadly the glasses have never fit quite right .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	after getting new glasses , it was off to the soda machine .
0	that 's not an eatery either .
1	fill our water glasses ) , etc .
0	that 's _num_ minutes to be next .
1	after _num_ full minutes we received our appetizers , our wine glasses empty .
0	i should not be responsible for the bill .
1	i needed new glasses , so prescription in hand i went shopping for frames .
0	but their pizza was remarkably terrible .
1	we waited almost _num_ minutes for water glasses to be brought to the table .
0	it 's fake asian food .
1	puts it into a glass and serves it to someone else .
0	_num_ per person not worth it .
1	ordered a glass of wine and beers for my companions .
0	so , why only _num_ stars you ask ?
1	i had a filet , a salad , and a glass of wine .
0	just bad .
1	the waiter did n't know how much wine came in a wine glass .
0	if i had to use one word to describe my experience : depressing .
1	glass of house pinot noir now $ _num_ .
0	was trying to find a rating lower than _num_ star but could n't .
1	there 's nothing quite like the feeling of chewing on glass .
0	okay , i know what you 're thinking why not just leave ?
1	and never refilled our empty water glasses .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	someone else comes over and puts down two pepsi glasses .
0	its a dry dough too , very dry .
1	had empty glasses for approx .
