0	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
1	we walked in and were greeted .
0	that was really unprofessional .
1	are n't you supposed to greet the people in front of you first ?
0	other than that , it needed hemmed and taken out just a touch .
1	we were n't really greeted .
0	the air did not function properly .
1	when i arrived , i was seated quickly and greeted by a stylist .
0	bland food and poor service .
1	a guy walked in and they did not even greet him .
0	_num_ ) this place is ghetto .
1	like hello , say hi and greet maybe ?
0	really disappointed .
1	when i walked in i was greeted by a full wall of products .
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	the gentleman who greeted us was pleasant and i assume the owner .
0	it was hardly edible .
1	we were greeted promptly and sat down as soon as we walked in .
0	i went here after a car accident that was not my fault .
1	perhaps greet in english and tend to spanish customers instead .
0	we had a reservation for _num_ for a casual business dinner .
1	we walked in and no one greeted us at the door .
0	was very disappointed with the food .
1	walk in around lunch time and was greeted and seated right away .
0	it was hot in there and i do n't think they have ac .
1	not one person greeted me , asked me if i needed help , nothing .
0	mine was just disappointing .
1	upon walking in , ( 9:30 pm ) , i 'm not greeted .
0	we also sent an order of chicken fingers back ... dryer than sand .
1	i walked in and shopped for _num_ minutes without even being greeted .
0	i 'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant .
1	along the way i am `` greeted '' by kelly , the store manager .
0	they were packed and could n't keep enough food out .
1	we first walked in and no one greeted us .
0	loud , loud , loud !
1	she was rude and did n't even greet us .
0	i have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable .
1	we sat and waited another _num_ minutes to be greeted by our waitress .
0	i can not speak for others .
1	we were politely greeted and seated timely and our server daniel was nice .
0	wrong !
1	when we walked in , no one greeted us .
0	this is by far not true in this store .
1	so i head in immediately i noticed nobody greeted me or anything .
0	so , that was really disappointing .
1	arrived and no one was there to greet us .
0	still , would not recommend .
1	so were waiting and he never shows up to greet us .
0	the mattress was borderline uncomfortable .
1	the bartender tonight ( jesse i believe ) did n't even greet us .
0	makes me glad i live in new york city .
1	upon entering we were greeted by a friendly `` no drinks allowed ! ''
0	this was done _num_ years ago .
1	i was greeted by a friendly hostess and seated at a comfy booth .
0	the only thing they did n't mess up on our order was the rice .
1	even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us .
0	a subpar meal and subpar service in addition to false marketing .
1	i arrived _num_ min early was greeted and seated on time .
0	will not be back .
1	she did not greet me as i opened the door .
0	rude .
1	we left and went to ihop and was greeted right away there .
0	the bread was thick and doughy ( clearly a filler ) .
1	at first no one was even at the front counter to greet people .
0	if i could give less than one star , i would .
1	they take _num_ mins to greet us after were sat , if that .
0	asked for risotto and got some pasta , not sure what .
1	she did n't look at me , and did n't greet me either .
0	most of the time , they 're downright rude .
1	my therapist greeted me on time and took my back to the room .
0	poor customer service .
1	the young man who greeted me seemed a little turned off by my coupon .
0	i gave her a call and she did n't pick up .
1	i waited at my truck for at least _num_ minutes prior to being greeted .
0	worst run business in the free world .
1	sat for _num_ minutes , nobody greeted us .
0	i can not recommend this salon .
1	when we walked in , no one greeted us or even looked at us .
0	the bill was way too high .
1	the place was empty , we were greeted by a very sweet waitress .
0	furthermore , i have ordered the shrimp with garlic sauce .
1	_num_ families left after waiting _num_ minutes without even being greeted by a server .
0	will take my money elsewhere .
1	we waited _num_ min , not even a greet or anything .
0	i understand , you ca n't try them all .
1	waited _num_ minutes before the lazy waitress decided to come greet me .
0	not clean , either .
1	i walked out without being so much as greeted .
0	the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
1	we sit down and are greeted by the server .
0	the service was also extremely slow .
1	when i arrived , i was greeted with `` just a moment '' .
0	i 'm _num_ .
1	barely got greeted , then long waits between waitress visits before she disappeared completely .
0	for $ _num_ per person , i was beyond disappointed .
1	the staff was friendly and i was greeted when i walked into the door .
0	the food is terrible .
1	walked in and was n't greeted or even acknowledged .
0	literally , anywhere .
1	our waiter greeted us nearly as soon as we walked through the door .
0	service was slow and inattentive all night .
1	was n't greeted when i walked in .
0	very strange experience .
1	i walk in to this location i 'm not greeted .
0	i hate this location .
1	however , i was not greeted for some time once i got inside .
0	they have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly !
1	the girl who was going to do my massage came out to greet me .
0	it 's always dirty .
1	the girl who took my payment did n't greet me .
0	it is a little overpriced even with coupons for the quality of food .
1	was not greeted or assisted when i came in .
0	apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town .
1	we sat there for _num_ minutes without someone even walking by to greet us .
0	garbage !
1	when she greeted me she asked for my date of birth and name .
0	this is a pretty big hotel , so that is ridiculous .
1	stopped in for dinner tonight and was greeted promptly and seated very quickly .
0	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
1	when we walked in , we were greeted fairly quickly by the hostess .
0	only good thing about this place was my company .
1	she says no word of greeting to anyone .
0	there is no excuse .
1	no one ever greeted me or asked if i needed help .
0	it 's not fair for the customers or for the servers .
1	upon walking in the host did not even greet us .
0	skip to the second time .
1	upon entering you are immediately greeted by pure chaos .
0	this is a very small irish pub .
1	we were sat quickly and greeted by our server relatively fast .
0	caesar salad was drowning in tart dressing .
1	walked in the door and we were n't greeted at all .
0	bland and awful .
1	i was greeted kindly by the two ladies at night .
0	i tried one but could not taste the chicken but otherwise it tasted okay .
1	i walked in sat down , greeted by friendly staff and great decor .
0	nor good signs and we should have walked out then .
1	man was sitting at desk and never bothered to greet .
0	baked ziti average .
1	no one greeted us or said anything as we walked in .
0	out of _num_ reviews , i 've written only _num_ _num_ star reviews .
1	sat down greeted by the bartender .
0	this was probably the worst gyro i have ever had .
1	i continued to stand there , and finally she ( lindsey ) greeted me .
0	rude .
1	they didnt even ask me if i needed help or even greeted me .
0	the business is not run the way it has been in the past .
1	we came in and there was no one to greet us .
0	crust tasted like frozen pizza crust .
1	_num_ minutes , never greeted , or acknowledged .
0	no problems with my oil change .
1	every time we eat here we are greeted by consistant rude and unprofessional service .
0	i ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server .
1	an employee greeted me and i said , `` just one , please '' .
0	i hate that !
1	no one greeted me when i walked in .
0	the main ingredients just seem to be lacking in quality .
1	i was greeted kindly as i walked in the door .
0	so what was the point in an app ?
1	neither one greeted me or asked me what i would have like to order .
0	potatoes or pasta are always included with marsala .
1	i was greeted and off to a good start , then all went downhill .
0	_num_ .
1	we were greeted by a friendly hostess , the immediately sat .
0	but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
1	no body around to greet us .
0	terrible terrible customer service .
1	baby on board , we walked in and waited to be greeted .
0	its crime and misleading to even give time warner _num_ star !
1	no one not one employee ever greeted me or took my order .
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	we waited _num_ minutes before anyone greeted us at the door .
0	i was not impressed with my sandwich there .
1	i was greeted and promised `` _num_ more minutes . ''
0	no one else in the same dining room .
1	they all looked at me , none greeted or walked toward me .
0	today i gave them _num_ chance .
1	we waited nearly _num_ minutes for someone to greet us .
0	the half order of ribs looked like a full rack .
1	it took a few minutes just to be greeted by the host .
0	i had the pasta trio .
1	not greeted by a living human being ?
0	i have n't felt this ripped off in a very long time .
1	we were greeted by friendly gentleman who seated us on the main lower floor .
0	they were soggy , and not crispy at all .
1	and someone finally greeted me after i already looked around the whole store .
0	unfortunately , the entrees were no better .
1	not one employee greeted me or asked if i needed help .
0	this apple is too green to eat much less pay for .
1	first walking in there was no one around to greet you .
0	double swiss burger was as tasteless as they could make .
1	they did n't greet the customers .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	we were greeted .
0	the food was less than average .
1	the only plus is the friendly guy who greets you at the door .
0	their menu is way overpriced , with nothing really great on it .
1	my stylist greeted me and immediately complemented me on my necklace .
0	parking sucks .
1	over time i 've been ignored , greeted with `` what do you want ?
0	we like longhorn , but not this location .
1	i hardly ever have been greeted properly .
0	i dunno .
1	should not let teenagers who want to go home greet customers .
0	w h at a shame .
1	no one could be bothered to look towards the entrance to maybe greet customers .
0	i went to jiffy lube for a routine oil change .
1	called to get takeout and was greeted by a nasty host .
0	when make turns , there is noise from front wheel .
1	when i walked in , i was n't greeted by anyone .
0	was seated for _num_ min and no wait staff came to take our order .
1	we not greeted by our server , _num_ different servers walked past us .
0	i also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell !
1	a long wait and not being greeted at the door for about _num_ minutes .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	did n't greet or say goodbye .
0	minus _num_ stars for not being much better than starbucks .
1	they way we were greeted was unacceptable .
0	service was ok but occasionally inattentive .
1	i was quickly greeted , though , and directed to my seat .
0	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
1	i walk in and manager ( owner ) greets me .
0	why the need to put lobster in a dye ?
1	no one there to greet people .
0	this was one of the most disappointing food experiences i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	waited to be seated for _num_ minutes , no one greeted us .
0	the service is here so incredibly inconsistent .
1	no one greeted us , but we did not stay very long .
0	my real complaint is just how rudely we were treated at both locations .
1	i greeted one of the deli workers and she again said nothing .
0	hostess was very awkward when seating us .
1	i 'd rather someone greeting me for the first time anywhere to be genuine .
0	my friends had left this woman at least a _num_ % tip .
1	i waited over _num_ minutes and no one came to greet me .
0	they left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich !
1	the lady that greeted me on the day of our wedding was rude .
0	this bar is cramped , overpriced , and the service is unbelievably slow .
1	she never smiled once , did n't greet us , nothing .
0	inside is just average quality , equally average priced produce .
1	walked around for _num_ minutes , still not greeted .
0	thank you for wasting my time , i wo n't be back .
1	we were given menus promptly and greeted by our waitress .
0	friday night is apparently not the night to go .
1	greeted and told it would be ten minutes .
0	i can send it to marriott if requested . )
1	the bartender there greeted us as we walked in .
0	the bread sticks were pretty underwhelming -- there was no garlic or flavor really .
1	it took _num_ minutes for our server to even greet the group .
0	everyone else at the table hated their food .
1	greeted us when we walked in even though the place was packed .
0	i had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce .
1	took ten minutes to be greeted by wait staff .
0	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
1	no personality at all , did n't smile or greeted us .
0	the soup was a weird creamy mess .
1	the hostesses did n't greet us , and sat us down without a word .
0	a place i would go back to but not regularly .
1	she did n't even greet me .
0	we wasted $ _num_ on spoiled food .
1	we greeted her before she greeted us which i find rude .
0	i just have n't been impressed by anything i 've ordered there .
1	served the guests next to us and still did n't greet my group .
0	gone is the famous gm bill .
1	the gm greeted me , but looked and spoke only to my mom .
0	i would like to say that i am only disappointed by what 's happened .
1	when you enter , you 're greeted by a blank wall .
0	very annoyed and ignorant !
1	it took forever for us to be greeted .
0	by 6:30 , there were still a number of empty tables .
1	when i first went in , the lady who greeted me was super friendly .
0	if i could give it _num_ stars i would .
1	they do n't even greet you .
0	the decor was old _num_ 's which could have charm but this did n't .
1	neither of them greeted me or asked me what i wanted yet .
0	find someplace else in bloomfield .
1	the customer service is non-existent , do n't expect to be greeted .
0	his staff is embarrassed .
1	not a single one had been greeted or acknowledged .
0	which the bench under the tv is an absolutely terrible idea !
1	we were n't greeted at the door very quickly .
0	it was just inedible .
1	i greeted her more than _num_ times and she never acknowledged me at all !
0	to be smooth after only one pedicure . ''
1	we were seated and then waited _num_ minutes to even be greeted .
0	probably not .
1	no one even greeted us at the table , no water or anything .
0	overpriced , very slow service , food was decent .
1	they had _num_ hostess up front doing nothing and did n't even greet us .
0	the woman who answers the phone is kinda rude .
1	i was quickly greeted by paul - who was great !
0	in all , it 's really nothing special , just very basic .
1	often times there is no one to greet us when we arrive .
0	for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags !
1	i was quickly greeted when i walked in and they were very friendly .
0	this is a poorly run business that could be turned into something great .
1	no one was at the door to greet me .
0	dirty and old looking bakery .
1	they do n't even greet or thank you .
0	well hell , what was your first guess ?
1	i walked in and was greeted as i walked back to the boots area .
0	i ordered the country sausage potatoes , pumpkin pancakes & grits .
1	she did n't greet us or say a word .
0	i was then transferred to housekeeping where i was constantly sent to a voicemail .
1	the guy who greeted us said it had n't been set up yet .
0	if you want rock bottom food , head to rock bottom .
1	the hostess provided us with menus and the server was prompt to greet us .
0	the worst salon experience of my life .
1	when i arrived he greeted me as `` one who called '' .
0	it was about _num_ inches off the ground !
1	once i was greeted , the service was very impersonal .
0	bad bad service .
1	i walk in and i 'm greeted by a couple guys behind the counter .
0	slow kitchen right .
1	waited ten minutes to be greeted at the window , with an apathetic tone .
0	stopped in with my daughter we just wanted something small to eat .
1	the young kid that greets you as you come in is incompetent and annoying .
0	the bf and i got lost around pittsburgh for _num_ min .
1	we were n't greeted with a friendly hello .
0	as noted by other posters the waitress was the bartender .
1	i 've been both greeted poorly and ignored by some baristas here .
0	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
1	i was greeted warmly .
0	it tends to bring in the worst of people .
1	the young woman did not greet us in the most welcoming manner .
0	although , i do really have zero complaints on the food .
1	i walked in and waited _num_ minutes before being greeted .
0	not so much .
1	she greeted me and did n't make eye contact .
0	rude .
1	i was greeted politely and my truck was shortly pulled into the bay .
0	walking through the halls it becomes evident this is an old hotel .
1	walking in we were greeted by terrible music .
0	i was not even acknowledged .
1	highly unprofessional , he did n't even address my presence or greet me .
0	it was like having a standard old boring burger .
1	we were not greeting with a warm welcome .
0	the chicken piccata was flavorful , but not as expected .
1	there was no one to greet my fianc and myself when we walked in .
0	the shop is n't that great anyway .
1	hostess greeted the group quickly and was ready to seat us .
0	our waitress was mia most of the night .
1	was n't greeted by anyone and i have had better drinks from other locations .
0	but too much pamela 's seems greasy .
1	she neither greeted us nor told us to enjoy our meal .
0	however , i recently missed an appointment .
1	when we were greeted it was impersonal and cold .
0	you 're paying like $ _num_ a night for no soap .
1	i signed in at the counter and was greeted by a student shortly after .
0	Negative
1	i was in the place _num_ minutes and was not greeted once .
0	unimpressive food .
1	we walked into this place and we were never greeted .
0	my salad was missing _num_ items that were supposed to be on the salad .
1	two bugs greeted me as i entered my room .
0	it 's been a tremendous ordeal to get it fixed .
1	once arriving at the said location i was greeted promptly .
0	the broccoli was terrible .
1	walking in this place , i was greeted by three friendly servers .
0	whoever designed this place should be shot .
1	i was a walk in and was greeted within me sitting down to wait .
0	one word ; gross .
1	i went into the store and was greeted by a really pushy sales lady .
0	- this really was the standout .
1	i was not greeted until _num_ minutes later .
0	the first time i went it was okay , but was very forgettable .
1	you pull up and they do n't even greet you promptly .
0	i miss the old owner of the place .
1	i was alone and no one greeted me for about _num_ minutes .
0	the only thing that was efficient was the valet service .
1	he did n't even greet me .
0	i also thought it was extremely over priced .
1	we walked in and were greeted and seated almost immediately .
0	but the situation inside is fairly ridiculous .
1	also , i was not greeted or spoken to at all .
0	i then recieved the bill the next month and the price had no change .
1	no one was there to greet us when we entered the place .
0	however , my dish was nothing to brag about .
1	it took _num_ minutes to be greeted at the door .
0	you need a new chef , immediately .
1	secondly , our server greeted us with such a fake smile and fake hello .
0	sorry , i grew up in pgh .
1	was pleasantly greeted on the phone and my order was taken down promptly .
0	only because they were my only option .
1	my coworker and i were greeted warmly by the nice host .
0	they do not stand by their mistakes .
1	the poor guy near us had n't even been greeted for almost _num_ min !
0	because there regular food is mall grade at best .
1	they do n't greet you when you enter .
0	completely bitter and disgusting !
1	never greeted me when i walked in .
0	the wine list did not include descriptions .
1	the two women who greeted and served us were fine i guess .
0	lidia 's was one of our favorite italian restaurant in the city .
1	no greeting given by the older man at the front .
0	overpriced , shitty food and drinks .
1	we walked in and we were not greeted .
0	based on this experience , i would most definitely not recommend this to others .
1	first off the lady who greeted us was very rude !
0	wanting faster internet i signed up .
1	my greeting tour was to short and could have been more thorough .
