0	_num_ - put the drink prices on the website too .
1	so i guess there 's that .
0	i 'm so disappointed in my experience at the carnegie library !
1	well i guess the customer service is still really bad .
0	due to 3-4 hours of service i split it into two days .
1	i guess that 's what they say to excuse the lack of proper a/c .
0	the prime rib , ordered rare , was medium , dry and extremely salty .
1	well ok i guess .
0	the apps were good but do n't eat dinner you 'll regret it .
1	i guess we must have ordered the wrong dishes because it was beyond awful .
0	very sad to find that donuts are made the day before .
1	its obnoxious , but it fits your airport well i guess .
0	i was really annoyed .
1	i guess they just have a slow credit card machine .
0	monday , tuesday and wednesday came and went .
1	guess my money is n't green enough for them .
0	what turns me off a bit , it always seems dirty .
1	i guess they should change their name to any other team but chicago .
0	i had a burger and it was pathetic .
1	i guess that 's not common practice here !
0	i wo n't be back .
1	guess the best advice , just pay at door .
0	there were bugs in my egg drop soup .
1	well i guess i sucked up rocks , and that was it .
0	but i 'd suggest you not !
1	i guess that i should have gotten my expectations in order before going in .
0	i will not be coming back at all .
1	to remind myself of how better i am , i guess .
0	they lost out big time with me .
1	my guess is the business is probably out for sale .
0	also , the staff was fairly rude and all had chips on their shoulders .
1	well guess what no one showed .
0	- and they left me hanging .
1	guess the men at olive or twist only like men .
0	further , there did n't seem to be any seasoning on the steak .
1	i guess they changed the menu , the food was marginal .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	i guess because the big box stores are cheaper and maybe more accessible .
0	_num_ .
1	i guess macayos is a crap shoot .
0	_num_ .
1	guess i do n't need to come here again now .
0	receive my check to find out it was all full price .
1	i guess that 's fine for a regular car , but not for mine .
0	the `` chicken '' is dark , fatty , and inedible .
1	i guess i need to find another chinese take out place .
0	not surprisingly , we left without purchasing anything .
1	me `` okay ... i guess ? ''
0	it seems as if this place is now more hit or miss .
1	i guess there was my mistake .
0	um , not me , thanks .
1	i guess that 's why they 're so affordable .
0	pretty obvious the waitress did n't know the table numbers .
1	place was dead today -- i 'm guessing this is n't the tourist season .
0	them stood behind some policy that they could n't sell parts .
1	food was ok i guess but the service was horrible .
0	i was very uncomfortable the whole time i was there .
1	guess its time for a new weekly lunch spot .
0	i past here daily and will never patronize this establishment again .
1	so , i guess the wait staff follows the lead of management .
0	but probably not for dinner .
1	sorry , i guess it 's just not my thing .
0	there are better hibachi options in the area .
1	i guess it was a zoo of rocks n sticks .
0	and then just stood there waiting to write my order down .
1	guess who was n't too busy , carnegie coffee company down the street .
0	when i got the food it was cold and i was so disappointed .
1	i said i guess , even though it was canceled .
0	the deserts were ok but the creme brulee was bland in the extreme .
1	guess where i wo n't be going to get it fixed ?
0	the salmon was ok but not worth the $ _num_ either .
1	time for us to see other people , i guess .
0	now i really wish we would have .
1	i guess the thing is that it did n't used to be this way .
0	i always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard .
1	i ca n't even guess how unsanitary it might be .
0	do you like egg & bacon bagel sandwiches ?
1	i guess that explains part of the reason why it tastes so bad !
0	there is nothing chinese about the food !
1	i guess ihop lost my business i will go to dennys from now on .
0	the beer specials and _num_ .
1	so i guess i did a good job at picking out the wine .
0	but there 's nothing special about this place .
1	i guess it does n't have to be .
0	i could not see a thing .
1	the two women who greeted and served us were fine i guess .
0	for salad , they only served `` caesar salad '' .
1	meh , it 's functional i guess .
0	terrible .
1	i guess my _num_ star will go for the onion rings .
0	_num_ hours to find the cold remedy i wanted .
1	so i guess i just through my money down the drain .
0	we waited fifteen or so minutes , the shots were consumed , etc .
1	i guess people in arizona like this garbage .
0	in a bad frame of mind , i tried my food .
1	i guess my biggest gripe had to be with the food .
0	so not worth the walk that we took to get here .
1	i guess all customers are n't equal .
0	when it was brought back , there was a small hair in it .
1	although good , i guess they were n't spectacular enough to bring me back .
0	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
1	shame on me , i guess , for not getting a coupon .
0	my boyfriend and i went to dinner here last saturday .
1	so , i get online again , and guess what ?
0	do not believe he cares about his patients .
1	filed complaint with the better business bureau and guess what ?
0	average bar food , slow service , a nice selection of incredibly overpriced beers .
1	guess i 'll watch fox from now on .
0	fool me -- you ca n't get fooled again . ''
1	guess i got spoiled by the washington post .
0	finally on tuesday , i came out to the shop at _num_ am sharp .
1	i guess i will limit my shopping to frozen foods or smoking deals .
0	pirates , steelers , penguins etc ?
1	my guess is that it was that suspect sauce you put on that sandwich .
0	probably not ordering from here again .
1	i guess that 's what happens when you work in the industry .
0	_num_ cents .
1	i guess once they had my extra money i would never see it again .
0	the food was also disappointing .
1	but hey , no server to complain to so i guess all is good .
0	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
1	if you like getting ripped off and buying sick fish be my guess .
0	also , i was surprised by the limited number of seafood options .
1	epic fail ... guess i will choose biscuits cafe up the street next time .
0	not worth the bucks .
1	but since its _num_ guess they are closed .
0	you know , standard italian hoagie .
1	i guess this is the deal for you .
0	there is no other way to describe everything in my room .
1	i guess twice was enough for me .
0	rude , crowded , and most importantly not that great !
1	i guess they dont have to eat the crap they serve .
0	bad form , harris grill .
1	i guess this nightmare will never be over .
0	the coffee was expensive and tasted like dirt .
1	i guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene .
0	this place is a train wreck .
1	i guessed it was the standard dish , but boy was i wrong .
0	mediocre at best .
1	i guess it 's not at az republic .
0	i paid _num_ at my local giant eagle .
1	i guess we 'll skip olive garden next time !
0	we were a party of _num_ adults and _num_ kid .
1	guess i 'll be looking else where for better service now .
0	i do n't think their menu is limited though , it seemed fairly typical .
1	i guess i am not in a huge hurry to go back .
0	neither one of us ate more than _num_ chips .
1	i guess the thing to remember about this place is to get there early .
0	i sent all the food back shortly into the meal because it was cold .
1	i guess it was just easier to put my bill into collections .
0	they are not very through .
1	it 's my fault , i guess .
0	my biggest issue was the utter lack of any taste .
1	so we guessed and they replaced that tire .
0	i just ca n't imagine having to deal with this a year .
1	i guess i was n't `` cool '' enough for her or something .
0	i will say i still ate them so shame on me .
1	i guess i 'm better off doing them by myself at home .
0	needless to say i refused to pay for them .
1	i 'm guessing they ca n't leave after work stars and neither can i .
0	no offer to adjust my membership so i ask for $ _num_ refund .
1	someone is trying to save a few dollars each month i guess .
0	so far really slow food service .
1	i guess i 'd try this place once more , just to be fair .
0	when my food came out , the chicken was cold .
1	as you may have guessed , this did not happen .
0	worst run business in the free world .
1	i guess i should 've read the reviews first .
0	linda did not call .
1	i guess i will now wait another _num_ weeks to get this problem solved .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	so i guess if you want an authentic pittsburgh experience then go here .
0	crispy on the outside , creamy and cheesy on the inside .
1	i guess they have n't improved much in those years .
0	lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
1	i guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it .
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	actually , i guess that is what i 'm saying .
0	waitress has n't checked on us in half an hour .
1	no flavor on either - i guess they really rely on their salsa bar .
0	red lobster was not the place to be tonight .
1	i guess standards for hiring have gone way downhill .
0	i 'm thinking we 've struck out .
1	not impressed at all , but i guess it will do .
0	the gentleman told me it would be about _num_ minutes .
1	so i guess that was a bad selection .
0	i would give this eat n park location zero stars if i could .
1	guess i was expecting to much , it was okay not great !
0	granted , the calamari and shrimp that were there were cooked perfectly .
1	guess where i 'm going with the next picture ?
0	ordered twice in the last _num_ days and both times it was terrible .
1	shame on me i guess .
0	tonight , we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer .
1	i guess for $ _num_ i could n't complain .
0	needless to say , we wo n't be going back for quite some time !
1	i guess that is why the place was dead at midnight on a friday .
0	i wish i had read their reviews prior to going .
1	guess it was ok ?
0	they do not stand by their mistakes .
1	guess that cracking was n't so bad after all .
0	at that point , she said i 'll grab you water and bread .
1	i guess she did n't like what my daughter was saying .
0	i 'll limit my visits until i find that treasure .
1	do n't want you to see what you are actually getting i guess .
0	you 'll have a much nicer experience .
1	it was fine to eat i guess , just not a chicken parm .
0	ordered the eggplant with shrimp , veggie fried rice , and chicken satay .
1	so i said , i guess i 'll just grab my refund and go .
0	the dust does n't end there .
1	it could be worse i guess .
0	i think pittsburgh deserves better .
1	i guess they will get my business from now on .
0	the management is horrible and never understanding .
1	i guess this place would be okay if they know you .
0	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
1	i guess that makes sense , but the tone was not necessary .
0	it was very bland and did n't have a lot of taste to it .
1	the heartbeat drum was cute , i guess .
0	only plus is the beer was $ _num_ and they validate parking .
1	guess what , he threw him out too , lol .
0	the wi-fi was free and the tv channel selections were pretty good .
1	i guess starving students are less likely to notice cold food ?
0	i mean , there was oil dripping out of the inside .
1	i guess i 'm better off wearing a hat .
0	wonton soup and a mediocre fortune earns this one ( _num_ ) golden star .
1	well hell , what was your first guess ?
0	because of number two our service in general was not good .
1	i guess the service is only nice with select employees at that store .
0	the food was ok , but nothing special .
1	i guess i 'd rather pay a little bit more for peace of mind .
0	my silver was even wrapped in torn linens !
1	lol i guess the wifi is for their staff .
0	no he did n't !
1	who cares that i am freezing cold i guess .
0	not impressed .
1	i guess that made up for the mediocre food .
0	printed out my receipt .
1	i guess the customer service took away my hunger .
0	very rude .
1	guess what , no fresh oysters .
0	so , i 've tried this place _num_ times and that was enough .
1	cheap eats yes but not high quality just typical flavor i guess .
0	sent the mussels back .
1	i guess my money will bother him too .
0	fish was not fresh .
1	it was `` too late '' for good bread , i guess .
0	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
1	guess i 'll take my money elsewhere .
0	there was no sorry , we 're working on it ... etc .
1	which i guess explains the attitudes of the staff .
0	they could n't find it in the `` on holds area '' wth ?
1	but , i guess there is a store for everyone .
0	however , the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor .
1	i guess the whole bowl was just okay .
0	it more than less ruined our dining experience .
1	would you guess i received no response ?
0	my husband and i left and i said we would n't be coming back .
1	there , i guess that 's as good a start as any .
0	and , its not good .
1	i guess she figured we were new and did n't know any better .
0	but the positives stop there .
1	i guess my spanish is rusty , but i thought queso is cheese .
0	i was quoted $ _num_ for them to get it off .
1	good for out here i guess , but not really that good .
0	one of the worst steak sandwiches i 've ever eaten .
1	guess what , no call .
0	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
1	it 's tough to be a vegetarian in nc , i guess .
0	another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff !
1	i guess i 'm too old to understand and was out like a shot .
0	i get it .
1	i guess that would be our last .
0	i could n't believe it !
1	i said i guess you do n't care about your customers and he shrugged .
0	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
1	the chunks of clay on the wall are interesting , i guess .
0	the pillows were appalling and there was no complimentary breakfast and no refrigerator .
1	guess that 's worth _num_ stars eh ?
0	well they delayed the change for _num_ weeks so they could collect more longer .
1	i 'd really second guess this daycare .
0	it was so underwhelming .
1	guess we really were sol .
0	do n't waste your time and money here .
1	could have been a fluke , but i am guessing msg ?
0	our server was obviously having a bad night .
1	yeah , ok , i guess that works .
0	i do n't know why all the hype on this place .
1	the money just seems to be needed to drive business i guess .
0	by far the worst shellac manicure i have ever had .
1	oh and guess when my stuff comes back to california ?
0	but apparently , mama has left the kitchen .
1	but it might have been because i guess i caught her off guard earlier .
0	apathetic service staff all around , the peanut and i were really disappointed .
1	i guess your manager is just not interested .
0	and that they were going to charge me $ _num_ for it .
1	i guess i expected fabulous -- but everything was just good , nothing spectacular .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	i guess they want big portions to make up for poor quality .
0	the frosty is never frosty always runny .
1	i guess i was supposed to know that it was closed .
0	so disappointed !
1	but i guess not .
0	so if this was based on food i would give buca a _num_ .
1	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
0	_num_ minutes later my date had finished his meal and my fries were gone .
1	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
0	bad !
1	sometimes i guess expected good customer service is asking for too much .
0	service is horrible .
1	i guess an ultimate sausage burrito does n't come with sausage .
0	i did n't think it was that good .
1	guess i will stick to a salad , appetizers and bread pudding .
0	could not understand what the foreign cashier was saying , made placing near impossible .
1	oh well , i guess this is one reason best buy is in trouble .
0	i thought this was way too much .
1	you guessed it : same ear buds for $ _num_ less !
0	_num_ mins .
1	ok , i guess , but what if every service based business did that ?
0	i really do n't know how this place stays open .
1	guess the change in head chefs was a big deal after all .
0	no creativity to the cooking .
1	i guess it was cheap .
0	it does n't feel fair .
1	eyebrows turned out ok i guess .
0	the gravy ( breakfast gravy ) was warm , however everything underneath was cold .
1	guess pizza hut lost a couple loyal customers ... .
0	try $ _num_ , for real .
1	i guess you could say i have been here _num_ times .
0	also , the portions are not as big .
1	go figure i guess they do n't need my business that bad .
0	i booked _num_ style appointments in advance for a wedding .
1	i guess they figured i 'd likely keep it for another week .
0	the service was horrible .
1	i guess it just was n't my day or something .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	not anymore i guess .
0	the light fixtures were too modern to be considered cozy .
1	uh ok , i can deal with that i guess .
0	do n't get married here .
1	i guess that does n't apply !
0	poor customer service !
1	it was very cheap - but i guess you get what you pay for .
0	we originally sat upstairs , which was open per the sign .
1	alright , i guess .
0	overall the food was hit or miss .
1	i took it home and guess what , it made no difference whatsoever .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	on the upside , i 'll guess weather is n't a factor here .
0	it gets packed .
1	i guess you dont need my business .
0	it 's just bad .
1	i had hoped that the attitude would change but i guess not .
0	yuck i have avoided this subway like the plague .
1	if you live in the area , i guess you have no choice .
0	seriously , how many f words can you not use on a yelp review ?
1	but i guess that is what sells ... .
0	thanks for starving us avis and making us sleep in our cars .
1	you guessed it , the prices have not changed either for the better .
0	it was not superior by any means but very nice for the average express .
1	guess i 'll have to use the del taco drive-thru next door .
0	i can guarantee you we will not be wasting our time in this theater .
1	i guess i am the only one who is not impressed .
0	delivered our desert in a to go container without us even asking !
1	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
0	shrimp had no flavor .
1	im guessing the dough was sitting out and getting old .
0	literally , anywhere .
1	i guess i should not have expected to be treated with respect or professionalism .
0	do n't believe the hype .
1	guess what , they do n't have a battery to replace this one .
0	the store never looks very clean .
1	it was fine , i guess .
0	the crepe pancakes were ok , but nothing to write home about .
1	it was fine , i guess , but why is it so expensive ?
0	so many great bakeries in pittsburgh so i would not go back .
1	i guess the kitchen staff was very slow that evening .
0	i thought maybe the cook was having a bad night .
1	i guess i 'm going to mexico for a root canal now .
0	i tried on the dress and it was super short .
1	it 's okay , i guess .
0	i probably wo n't be back ever again .
1	they just wanted to work , i guess .
0	_num_ caesar salad with flank steak and another caesar salad with shrimps !
1	i guess they fake it less well than employees at other stores .
0	it had no flavor whatsoever .
1	but yes , you guessed it , that 's overpriced too .
0	i would not recommend this place for food .
1	guess that is the only way you get your money 's worth .
0	what a disappointment .
1	by shortly i guess he meant an additional _num_ minutes .
0	it was awful .
1	i guess i just do n't fit into the mold .
0	coming here was usually pretty exciting .
1	i guess if i had just started going there i would rate it higher .
0	terrible place to eat and not very clean at all .
1	oh ok ... so that makes it ok then i guess .
0	two hours and i 'm still waiting on a slow sunday night .
1	the french fries are ok , i guess .
0	this week is the 3rd week .
1	i guess i 'll try the french bread next time .
