0	ugh .
1	this guy looks like he did n't know what he was doing .
0	no additional fans , nothing .
1	had their tech guy out and he was just plain rude .
0	this place is hyped as the be all end all of burgers .
1	this guy totally bait and switched me .
0	now i 'm sad , real sad .
1	a table of _num_ hungry guys did n't finish either appetizer .
0	breadsticks and salad came out like expected .
1	the guy working there had the worst attitude , very unwelcoming location .
0	one of the worst steak sandwiches i 've ever eaten .
1	the car was dirty and this guy conveniently found the windshield crack very quickly .
0	sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
1	but our guy , uh ... not so much .
0	no chop sticks or soy sauce unless you ask for it .
1	nice guys , but that does n't help the pizza taste any better .
0	in addition , one server working there was really rude and had bad attitude .
1	the rental buses are relatively quick but the guy that was driving -- suck !
0	but the clams casino were inedible .
1	there are so many choices in the valley guys , look at these reviews .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	i suspect this is probably made by the guy who station the fryer .
0	did n't wait long to be seated .
1	the guy who cut my sons hair was terribly rude .
0	so gross .
1	i think apple looks for these guys to work in their stores .
0	as i said above : it 's worse than the bureau of motor vehicles .
1	_num_ mins later a different guy can to take my order .
0	therefore they installer never made it to my apartment .
1	so these guys almost made me spend $ _num_ for unnecessary repairs .
0	went to this place for lunch last saturday , party of five .
1	the guy i dealt with seemed very lazy .
0	avoid this place .
1	those guys you were hanging all over were n't even interested in you either .
0	what happened ?
1	i 'm a guy , i 've got a short haircut .
0	second sign i chose to ignore .
1	that was too much for this guy apparently .
0	if i had to use one word to describe my experience : depressing .
1	ugh , these guys are such crooks .
0	why would you even try to seat us like that ?
1	literally , i 'm standing next to the guy about to crack up .
0	i will not be coming back at all .
1	what happened safeway , did you guys get new managers .
0	they do n't know how to do business .
1	told the guys it was newly painted to be careful .
0	my husband and i left and i said we would n't be coming back .
1	these guys have no class what so ever .
0	small , overcrowded , unfriendly staff .
1	in all honesty i would 've rather had five guys or in-n-out burgers .
0	i would probably not come back .
1	it seems like all these hvac guys are out to take advantage .
0	the service is here so incredibly inconsistent .
1	the sales guy went down to get everything and i waited an hour .
0	_num_ sides came out late .
1	a couple minutes later a guy comes by with our desserts .
0	even a small crack with a few problems set on it .
1	i would stay far away from these guys .
0	however i was n't treated well and i wo n't go back .
1	however , our server was a really nice guy .
0	also , why have _num_ screens when you can have one huge one ?
1	( however , the delivery guy was great .
0	wan 's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with _num_ other friends .
1	i have to agree with the _num_ guys that gave this place _num_ star .
0	i was expecting $ _num_ + $ _num_ salad upgrade .
1	he said there is no way his guys would overlook dirty doors and dash .
0	_num_ minutes later we were sat .
1	these guys are the terrible !
0	the store needs a major overhaul and some employees who care .
1	he was not that great but friendly and nice guy .
0	oh , pat buses , why ca n't i quit you ?
1	the guy bartender did not smile once .
0	it really is a pittsburgh staple but come on ... .
1	pissed i even tipped the guys who think this is acceptable .
0	we were seated and then waited _num_ minutes to even be greeted .
1	the old guy continued to drink wine and yelled at another waitress .
0	that same day i called another company and booked them with no issues .
1	sell your furniture or pay anyone off the street before calling these guys .
0	the bedroom however seemed to dull car noise a little better .
1	when i went in , there was a guy behind the counter .
0	this trip has no internet .
1	this guy seems nice but he 's actually not .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	this obnoxious guy downstairs was just a pain in the ass !
0	i 've never posted a yelp review before .
1	the guy was arrogant .
0	overall , this place gets a _num_ stars .
1	`` you guys have any specials running tonight ? ''
0	she did n't massage anything .
1	my guy got the meatballs and spaghetti both dishes where nasty as hell .
0	the food is pretty forgettable .
1	_num_ these guys can never seem to cook their fries properly .
0	actually i will make sure to spread the word of this terrible experience .
1	unfortunately , i have to come here because my job banks with you guys .
0	the menu is n't extensive , so keep in mind your options are limited .
1	i 'm not sure how much these guys know about anything .
0	i dunno .
1	i totally get all the bad reviews from these guys .
0	i am definitely disappointed .
1	the guy even gives me a student discount after i noticed they honor them .
0	the chicken was tasteless and rubbery .
1	the guy does n't know what he is doing .
0	our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
1	if anything , you should check these guys out for that .
0	not much more , but enough to make it not right .
1	should have went to get burgers at five guys in the same parking lot .
0	very small and uncomfortable .
1	the guy that helped me was not friendly at all .
0	that , for me , ruined my whole meal .
1	these guys want more eel , she wants it sweeter .
0	waited _num_ minutes before someone asked if we needed something .
1	these guys are n't experts .
0	i am not changing my review nor am i removing it .
1	these guys are definitely lazy !
0	also a heads up - only _num_ pedicure chairs in the place .
1	do not do business with this guy ... .
0	the soup was neither hot in temperature or spice but it certainly was sour .
1	needless to say one guy was outside and one inside .
0	it was horrible .
1	i told him no your guy told me this price .
0	if i could give the place zero stars , i would .
1	seriously idk how this guy did not here the two separate orders .
0	when i told them that , they just lied and said they did .
1	claimed his repair guy was out of cell range all day .
0	after almost an hour of waiting , i still had no pizza .
1	the guy running the show takes about _num_ seconds .
0	not a smart move on my part .
1	five guy burgers much better .
0	_num_ outside , _num_ inside .
1	do i look like the guy from a million little pieces ?
0	there were no other veggies or anything .
1	very rude and unprofessional guy !
0	i could n't believe it !
1	the guy from the next table was complaining that he was drinking water !
0	it was grilled chicken , french fries , a little cheese on chopped lettuce .
1	can i give these guys zero stars ?
0	the worst customer service ever !
1	other than losing your stuff , they seem like nice guys .
0	no greeter so we were n't sure where to go .
1	wish me luck guys .
0	slow service and a mediocre meal .
1	these guys has the seeds to call and leave a message to call back .
0	one star for the unpleasant experience i have had at this store .
1	delivery guy was shady too .
0	is n't that what they 're supposed to do ?
1	there the guy at the counter told me they did n't have my pictures .
0	terrible experience !
1	this guy is out of control its definitely something wrong with him .
0	horrible service !
1	just poor customer service from this guy .
0	the person that seated us was curt and unfriendly .
1	the guys here were borderline rude to me when i dropped my car off .
0	if i could less than a star i would .
1	the guy just did n't care .
0	i would give this place a _num_ star if i could !
1	the guy knew i was gluten free because i had a few questions .
0	needless to say we did not return to redeem it .
1	i want to punch that guy so bad .
0	it was all bread and coleslaw .
1	hey , sprint , you guys need to close this store .
0	this place was horrible !
1	the guys shooting pool were no joke either !
0	pretty rough , but not completely unbearable .
1	1st door guy said we could come in for free anytime fri night .
0	filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
1	the young guy is always so rude .
0	we repeatedly got dirty looks from the staff throughout our meal though .
1	i 'm not a big guy and the sandwich was gone in _num_ bites .
0	bad food .
1	i contacted my sales rep afterwards and you guys said nothing could be done .
0	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
1	it is not ok to treat a customer like that guy treated me .
0	quality is poor .
1	sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook .
0	i felt bad just ordering free beer so i ordered a sandwich .
1	the guy was so rude and the quote was beyond outrageous !
0	managed very poorly .
1	i walk in and i 'm greeted by a couple guys behind the counter .
0	the restaurant is understaffed , poorly managed , and the staff is badly trained .
1	the homeless guy on the corner would probably give you better care .
0	at that point i would 've just taken a plain biscuit !
1	these guys are low down little boys !
0	they literally just threw the wings in the fryer and delivered it to us .
1	fake words aside , this pizza really sucks guys .
0	i have n't felt this ripped off in a very long time .
1	i had a guy that was really just not friendly .
0	terrible customer service and it was my birthday .
1	pretty lame considering those guys make about $ _num_ per hour .
0	the waitress then proceeded to say the mussels were ready .
1	this guy is not someone you want to to deal with .
0	there are better options .
1	get out of here guy you 're cheap and offer the worst customer service .
0	i will never go back though .
1	the sales guy apparently cant add .
0	it was hot in there and i do n't think they have ac .
1	be sure to check out bbb before you hire this guy for any job .
0	having a _num_ hour drive wasted didnt make it any better as well .
1	*** turns out the picture i put up was of the wrong guy .
0	the bloody mary was pretty awesome for what i assume is a pre-made mix .
1	these guys are the worst shop in charlotte .
0	then the bill came to over $ _num_ .
1	i was n't paying for a meal twice and getting attitude from this guy .
0	i 'm not making this up .
1	they do n't realize some young guys know their stuff .
0	if you really hate someone , you should take them to this restaurant .
1	i 'm thinking i am barely building a relationship with you guys .
0	the food was unremarkable .
1	they guy that took our order clearly had no clue what he was doing .
0	_num_ .
1	where i am at , really there is no delivery but these guys did .
0	horrible experience .
1	that guy was rude , condescending , and short .
0	swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
1	the young guy taking our order seemed completely confused .
0	get the diagnosis and get several estimates to compare .
1	the young asian lady is always nice but the guy is rude .
0	i had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay .
1	been another _num_ minutes and that guy has n't come over yet .
0	i reserved a king room and got stuck in a room with two queens .
1	you guys acknowledged my frustration but said nothing could be done .
0	$ _num_ burgers , $ _num_ domestic bottles .
1	these guys will rip you off !
0	there was no way this order was prepared and cooked that fast .
1	this guy is awful .
0	there 's a reason why this place has no reviews .
1	the guy at the register took my money , did n't say anything else .
0	even if the food is great , the customer service is terrible .
1	those guys should be in the money laundry business imho .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	i hated the fact these guys actually had a key to my apt .
0	horrible service !
1	essentially , the entire sandwich was inedible and i settled for five guys instead .
0	they clearly do n't bring them in at the end of the night .
1	the sushi guy has major attitude .
0	it really is pure torture sometimes .
1	_num_ minutes later the delivery guy calls and says he 's on his way .
0	my reuben sandwich was just okay .
1	one , quite literally , threw a guy off of the bus for me .
0	do not use this cleaner .
1	lastly , guys that ringing noise you hear is a phone .
0	unfortunately , my head is sometimes up my own behind .
1	you guys are what gives the health care industry a bad reputation .
0	hostess was great , service was adequate .
1	the guys vacuuming out the cars got really rude with her .
0	chicken was very tough .
1	there is only one guy speaks english enough to understand what you want .
0	but with all of the strange behavior , attempts to scam us , etc .
1	the guy i talked to was completely rude they lost my business forever .
0	selection of fruit is a little below average .
1	( the really short _num_ 's looking guy ) .
0	horrible , horrible company .
1	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
0	not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day .
1	unfortunately i had the same guy as my previous experience .
0	they will ruin your car .
1	the nice guy behind the counter told me they were out of tuna salad .
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	i have had one bad experience after another with these guys .
0	it was just a bad scene .
1	she 's _num_ years old and this guy is man handling her .
0	but also way over prices .
1	u could tell the guy who answered the phone was pissed off .
0	terrible !
1	but no , not this guy .
0	ca n't comment on any other time but this really hectic one .
1	these guys deserve better than that .
0	i 've eaten there many times in the hopes that maybe i missed something .
1	very helpful guys like craig , paul , chuck and few others .
0	after taking her to another vet , i was educated about wound care .
1	the only people getting help in there tonight were two other guys .
0	the hollandaise sauce was sour and had a horrible vinegar taste to it .
1	ca n't recommend highly enough that you avoid these guys at all costs .
0	the pad thai was bland and generic , and tasted almost gummy .
1	is business really that bad guys ?
0	lo and behold at _num_ minutes it comes out .
1	guys , i 'm not sure what the heck i 'm missing here .
0	def not worth the wait .
1	i 'm more of a bagel guy myself but that was n't the point .
0	will not be staying here again .
1	the guy that helped me was fairly helpful , but the prices were ridiculous !
0	do n't bother eating here .
1	yes , i wrote a letter , i 'm that guy .
0	even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were .
1	the guy ( tom ) , acknowledged everything i was saying .
0	off to star nails we went .
1	do n't waste your time with these guys .
0	had to have my sheets changed when i got to my room .
1	nice guys , but totally missed the real cause of my issues .
0	this place is terrible .
1	let me first tell you that i 'm not really a sushi guy .
0	kind of gross if you ask me .
1	the guy was friendly enough though .
0	lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
1	this guy is ridiculous and does not deserve anybody 's money .
0	could n't have happened to a more deserving group of people .
1	i called and spoke with an extremely unhelpful guy , he sounded young .
0	maybe i just ordered the wrong thing on the wrong day .
1	poor little guy .
0	and , all were nothing to write home about .
1	these guys will never admit to any wrong doing for the sake of anything .
0	my husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me .
1	zero stars for this guy .
0	the main courses themselves were a disaster .
1	hell , there isnt even a korean guy in this place ... .
0	it seemed like every single employee was around _num_ years old .
1	same guy , same attitude .
0	in the end , that bridesmaid got a partial refund for the dress .
1	these guys can not be trusted .
0	colors and decor seem boring and out of style .
1	the guy waiter was not much nicer .
0	not a good first impression .
1	the guy was rude and said you ca n't steam a straw hat .
0	i could have gotten a better wax at a cheap nail salon .
1	this guy is crazy for charging such a price .
0	our pizza was burnt .
1	you guys wonder why everyone is switching to uber ?
0	the wine list did not include descriptions .
1	apparently the guy was the owner , but he was beyond rude .
0	not us .
1	i walked back in and asked the guy if my tires had been rotated .
0	i 'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant .
1	the music the guys played was all stuff from like _num_ .
0	our first visit deserved a _num_ but this visit was a _num_ .
1	they booked me with a guy by the name of jason .
0	so she asked for a little more from the server .
1	the guy who works there seems very stressed and angry .
0	when i started to eat , it tasted just as odd .
1	went to meet my mom for lunch last friday with my little guy .
0	no problem , we were seated right away .
1	wise guys is your typical off beat pizza shop .
0	this is not one of them .
1	thanks for the crappy wash guys .
0	second , our food was served just barley warm .
1	sorry but you guys deserve a _num_ .
0	the menu was prix fixed at $ _num_ .
1	i do n't know who is the stupid guy .
0	at that point , she said i 'll grab you water and bread .
1	told the guy she could not eat cheese .
0	furnishings and bedding from the _num_ 's ... if not _num_ 's !
1	and these guys totally failed .
0	it does n't !
1	the guy working there looked past me and serviced the white lady before me !
0	it was loud and crowded .
1	one last thing , their maintenance guys are f ; in creepy !
0	his immediate reaction was rolling his eyes and said no we do n't !
1	so no inspection upon return , guys ?
0	unfortunately , the entrees were no better .
1	the _num_ guys sounded like they did n't know what they were talking about .
0	the food is bland , bland bland .
1	these guys obviously hate their jobs or need a vacation .
0	the service was pretty bad .
1	these guys are idiots and have poor customer service ethic .
0	noisy snow tires in the summer !
1	oh dear , you guys ... .
0	even burger king does n't microwave their breakfast !
1	guy would n't stop talking to us .
0	the last take-out pie we got was less than pleasing to the eye .
1	the guy who processed our registration was patronizing and slow .
0	but truth be told , i 'll probably be back .
1	if you do n't have the receipt , you 're dead with these guys .
0	tried to pressure me into buying a bed right then and there .
1	but the guy was like well that 's illegal !
0	but the quality just does n't match the price .
1	the repair is covered , and the guy should get paid .
0	this was my first and last time at this restaurant .
1	we found a guy , but he was hostile and rude .
0	and i do n't even mean refilling your drink .
1	then the guy tells me this will cost _num_ dollars !
0	i do n't recommend at all .
1	another guy in the kitchen area opposite him was facing me .
0	shrimp tacos were ok just on a basic bed of slaw for $ _num_ .
1	needless to say these guys are horrible .
0	that was not fair to her and definitely not fair to us .
1	guy working there would n't accept my tv even though it was under warranty .
0	they were also playing _num_ year old pop music really loud .
1	also i spotted a few homeless guys just outside sitting .
0	total waste of $ _num_ bucks .
1	many of us waiting have started to laugh at how horrible this guy is .
0	i am not holding my breath here .
1	these guys are a mess .
0	fifteen minutes later , the waitress returned , but not with our food .
1	these guys rip you off .
0	we tried going early , late -- it never made any difference .
1	these guys were just lazy and did not want to do any work .
0	this is about _num_ minutes after i arrived .
1	this guy just wanted me to sign off on whatever and be done .
0	horrible service .
1	the car wash was gets a cut from these guys .
0	i was highly disappointed in the service , and i only ordered take out .
1	i used to take all _num_ vehicles to these guys .
0	very very bland .
1	filled up the tank and chatted with the attendant , nice guy .
0	just bad .
1	the guy working was not helpful and rude .
0	unfortunately , our experience was dreadful .
1	that guy has no business in the customer service industry .
0	wo n't be coming back .
1	this guy only had a couple tables , terrible service wo n't be back .
0	you need a new chef , immediately .
1	that guy checked my bagel and lied to me !
