0	it really is just a bar with bad bar food .
1	a total wreck of a haircut .
0	worst mcdonalds i have ever been to .
1	so that 's why the haircut was so fast .
0	by now , my companions had finished eating .
1	i seriously probably had this haircut in the 3rd grade .
0	interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already .
1	this explains why i got my haircut there so many times .
0	looked like a bunch of fruit flies made their way into the soup .
1	most awful and horrible place to get a haircut .
0	_num_ .
1	while it does n't have all the amenities , they give a great haircut .
0	needless to say .
1	i actually got a good haircut but the customer service was really bad .
0	none of us even like onions .
1	worst haircut ever .
0	_num_ hour later it was completed .
1	i had an ugly haircut .
0	they of course could care less about me .
1	my son had his first haircut today and diane took care of the business .
0	the size that i ordered required zero alterations .
1	the owners and stylists are very nice and i loved my haircut .
0	so tired of this place .
1	the people here love to see him come in for haircuts .
0	if you are dragged here by your friends , find new friends .
1	bad haircut in september , took three months to grow it back out .
0	this restaurant is horrible .
1	by far the worst haircut ever .
0	the guy never really even apologized for the mistake .
1	i definitely recommend her for haircuts , she 's great .
0	skip it .
1	first of all his haircut was awful and they only accepted cash .
0	i 'm not making this up .
1	however also do regular haircuts ( i bring my father here ) very well .
0	when we sat down , i was immediately hit by a gross smell .
1	so i need a haircut .
0	overall , it was a mediocre experience with forgettable food .
1	literally the worst haircut i 've ever had .
0	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
1	i have an extremely simple haircut .
0	staff definitely are really rude .
1	i always get a good haircut here .
0	very annoyed and ignorant !
1	what a mistake i had made for coming here for a haircut : ( .
0	the corned beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special .
1	awesome haircuts at a great price .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	first time : bad haircut .
0	the fourth got his about _num_ minutes later and his food was terrible .
1	worse haircut experience ever !
0	this location though has horribly slow service .
1	first time coming here and i received the best service and haircut !
0	unfortunately it was n't .
1	to add insult to injury , my haircut is horrible !
0	salad was average at best .
1	absolutely a horrible haircut , my neck burns , waste of time and money .
0	i could taste absolutely nothing from her veal .
1	a super uneven , horrible haircut .
0	would not visit again .
1	we have always been very pleased with the haircuts and will keep returning !
0	then the other day , we went back and i tried pizza .
1	haircut looks and feels great .
0	words could not describe my disappointment .
1	bad haircut .
0	very sloppy !
1	the haircut looks and feels great and the price was reasonable .
0	wo n't visit again .
1	all in all it was the best haircut i ever got .
0	gross !
1	they did n't wash my hair and the haircut took about _num_ minutes .
0	i 'd have to say it was no where near an awesome experience .
1	new creations salon is a fantastic place to get your haircut .
0	horrible experience .
1	i had my haircut by _num_ barbers in this shop .
0	bun was also cold like just out of the refrigerator .
1	the second time , the haircut was seriously lacking .
0	but last few times i have gone it has not taste the same .
1	worst haircut i have ever had !
0	the service was horrible .
1	im very pleased with the haircut and even more pleased with the price .
0	not to be recommended unless you 're desperate .
1	grabbed my _num_ year old that desperately needed haircut .
0	seriously though , their food is so bad .
1	i got the pathetic haircut ever .
0	they lost my clothes and charged me for stuff i never sent .
1	you know , i really was n't thrilled with my haircut here .
0	go for drinks and nothing more .
1	my haircut has no shape , not at all what i described .
0	big waste of time and gas .
1	they do n't seem to blow dry after a standard haircut .
0	sure , it 's friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable .
1	good service and always an amazing haircut .
0	well it is a sunday night and the crowd is not here .
1	i scheduled an appointment with jen for a haircut .
0	there are better chinese places on pittsburgh - this place should be shut down !
1	first time was ahwatukee location and it was the best haircut ever .
0	my suit coat came back ruined !
1	got my haircut there for the first time today .
0	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
1	i even offered a tip that would cost more than my haircut !
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	the absolute worse haircut i 've had at this establishment .
0	i would give them zero stars if that was an option .
1	i ended the haircut promptly and left without a finished cut .
0	i dread it at this point .
1	i always get a fantastic haircut .
0	looks better than it tastes .
1	worst haircut i have ever received .
0	so rude .
1	great haircut , great price , highly recommend .
0	the only employee i could see in the entire restaurant was the bartender !
1	went in to grab some lunch after my haircut .
0	this place is very below average .
1	not only did i receive a bad haircut but also bad customer service .
0	waiter was awful and food ( pad thai ) was not much better .
1	i like their haircuts they do a fantastic job .
0	i know , you say , how can one possibly have too much cheese .
1	worst haircut of my entire life .
0	all working hard , but covering too many tables .
1	i would never recommend anyone to go there but only to get a haircut .
0	poor customer service .
1	the haircut was crap and they do n't except cards .
0	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
1	_num_ out of _num_ haircuts i 've gotten there have n't been good .
0	next time your country ass needs to stay home from work .
1	two bad haircuts in a row .
0	fries with burger were luke warm .
1	great haircut and good environment .
0	the only dish we liked was the chicken dish .
1	the free haircut got me in and now its my regular place .
0	they just cost me money and lost my tires .
1	tried getting compensation for my dogs terrible haircut .
0	could have being very good but it was not .
1	i went to ulta salon because i wanted a cheaper decent haircut .
0	whoever recently took over , should be ashamed .
1	once again , this guy gave me the worst haircut in my life .
0	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
1	got a haircut and much needed beard trim .
0	quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price .
1	overall , my haircuts were never good .
0	maybe i 'm spoiled with good vietnamese food but this was terrible .
1	i 'm a guy , i 've got a short haircut .
0	there were literally exactly four sad little pieces .
1	best haircut ever !
0	neither of us were surprised .
1	if i get a great haircut and color , then i have no problem .
0	i am upset to report that this tasted rather bland .
1	the haircut was $ _num_ .
0	complete mush .
1	the haircut i got was probably the worst in years .
0	when we got back to our hotel .
1	and each time i 've gone , my haircut has been ... .
0	not same price .
1	great people , very reasonable prices and great haircuts .
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	so my boyfriend stops here to get his haircut after seeing the positive reviews .
0	plus my caesar salad had slimy wilted lettuce .
1	having curly hair , i 've had my fair share of terrible haircuts .
0	the frozen carmel coffee drink was much better than fruit smoothie .
1	needless to say , i hate this haircut and will not be returning .
0	not worth the price .
1	great haircut and shoe shine .
0	no heavy lifting no reason for my nails to be breaking left and right .
1	i just got my haircut here for the first time and it was amazing .
0	stick to a boutique if you want real customer service .
1	great place for a men 's haircut if you 're in uptown !
0	slow .
1	i was unhappy with the haircut and would n't return again .
0	you 're not going every which way to try and find things .
1	very rude , they give good haircuts but the barbers are rude .
0	the place is gross !
1	i feel like i paid $ _num_ for a $ _num_ haircut .
0	management said there was nothing they could do about it .
1	do not go here to get your haircut .
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back .
1	charlie did a great job on my haircut .
0	stopped in before the panthers sunday night game .
1	i love my haircut !
0	i was ; however , charged for the basket .
1	this was his first professional haircut and she made him look so good .
0	the store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards .
1	spend the money elsewhere for a good haircut !
0	but these corporate suits refused .
1	we picked up our dog and he had n't even gotten a haircut !
0	i do n't even see how time warner is even in business !
1	i had a great experience with both my haircut and eyebrow waxing .
0	she was sick six ways to sunday .
1	nope , it said $ _num_ for a master stylist women 's haircut .
0	it was about _num_ inches off the ground !
1	worst haircut i 've ever gotten .
0	$ _num_ bill for four -- sorry i expect much better service !
1	i needed a quick haircut , so was pretty much forced to go here .
0	only _num_ stars for location .
1	i expected more for a _num_ dollar haircut .
0	we will not be going back .
1	yes they saw worse to a haircut that cost me four hundred dollars .
0	way too expensive if you ask me .
1	this was the worst haircut i have ever had in my life !
0	tables were not very clean .
1	the technique of the haircut is so poor .
0	very disappointing experience .
1	the haircut was expensive for a barber shop and not good .
0	at tram 's , the pho bowl is small .
1	i got a haircut while engaging in a pleasant conversation with her .
0	not the drivers fault .
1	good quality , fast haircut .
0	`` no , it 's not ready yet .
1	love this place my haircut always look great when they done .
0	unfortunately for olive or twist , the visit would probably be our last .
1	best haircut ever .
0	i can not speak for others .
1	her haircuts are spot on .
0	the beer was cold and that is the only reason they got one star .
1	i went to get my haircut today .
0	the cashier was very polite , inviting , and helpful .
1	if i go to get a haircut , i want a haircut .
0	my gripe here is that i ended up with scratches on my wheels .
1	she did the haircut in _num_ min .
0	do n't recommend buying a car of another make here .
1	first haircut in pittsburgh , and absolutely one of my favorite cut !
0	avoid at all costs !
1	my haircut was horrible , possibly one of the worst i 've ever received .
0	this pf changs needs new management !
1	just a wonderful place to get your haircut while enjoying a pleasant atmosphere .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	perfect haircut , not too short , straight razor and hot towel .
0	if a cold beer is all you want , go for it .
1	i got my haircut by tamara a couple of weeks ago .
0	it 's hard to beat the atmosphere of this place in the summer .
1	some haircuts are great , some are really bad .
0	the buses smell like urine .
1	they are the best place to get a haircut , color , etc .
0	i mean , so so bad .
1	excellent haircuts in a nice setting .
0	the really really low point of the meal was the desert .
1	always good talks and best haircuts !
0	_num_ ) red beans rice and sausage was not good .
1	i got my eyebrows done for $ _num_ and decided to get a haircut .
0	the pasta was overcooked and the shrimp just sort of were there .
1	one of the best haircuts i 've ever had .
0	that is simply lazy .
1	i have one the best haircuts ever !
0	this is a gathering place for human garbage anymore .
1	worst haircut ever !
0	husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce .
1	i hit this spot everytime i visit bloomfield for a haircut .
0	and this is n't even the halfway point to philly .
1	paid $ _num_ for an embarrassing haircut .
0	they were cold but did not taste fresh .
1	this is the worst haircut ever !
0	not much oyster taste , just the taste of the breading .
1	this is the absolute worst haircut since i was ten years old .
0	the pizza was just ok .
1	worst haircut i 've ever had !
0	the only oyster on the menu is a terrible patty of some kind .
1	little massage before your haircut is a nice perk !
0	soup has no flavour and it seems to have excessive msg .
1	terrible haircut .
0	i absolutely hate this place .
1	i just got a fantastic haircut from this barbershop .
0	i am a ten minute drive from this location .
1	i am traveling and needed a haircut so stopped by here .
0	the place was totally dusty and there was no ac .
1	two words : `` perfect haircut '' !
0	does n't seem like good customer service .
1	i am very particular about my haircut , and they are always very accurate .
0	worst margarita i have ever been served !
1	i was then appalled to hear that my haircut cost $ _num_ !
0	i can send it to marriott if requested . )
1	i would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs a nice haircut !
0	also , i wrote to the restaurant and received no response .
1	this is not a very hard haircut , mind you .
0	so fool me once , shame on me .
1	needless to say , i had very uneven haircuts after both visits .
0	we love japanese steak houses and this was our least favorite meal in pittsburgh .
1	one of the worst haircuts i 've ever had .
0	_num_ .
1	my haircut lasted a total of _num_ minutes .
0	but it was n't over .
1	- noisy because same place offers haircuts , nail spa and what not .
0	not only was it disgusting , but it cost us about $ _num_ .
1	overpriced and never again especially for female haircuts .
0	loud is an understatement .
1	worst of all was the haircut itself .
0	for real , wasting money for wrong order !
1	my husband got the worst haircut ever today from jackie .
0	they were n't dressed how i would have expected them to be .
1	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
0	this is just my experience .
1	she is pleasant and easy to talk to and gives fantastic and cool haircuts .
0	no parking = no visit from me .
1	the third haircut was just awful : styled awful , looked strange .
0	throughout the entire order , we got nothing but attitude .
1	too expensive for a haircut .
0	butter served with the bread was so hard it bent the knife .
1	i got one of the worst haircuts i have ever received .
0	i never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be .
1	but if you want a real haircut ... do n't go here .
0	i hated this food and this experience .
1	it was $ _num_ a haircut .
0	i will never do any business with this jerk off ever again .
1	one of the best haircuts i 've had .
0	poor excuse for a gentleman 's store .
1	the service was bad and unfortunately the haircut was even worse .
0	not even close .
1	i see kate when i go there , and she does really stylish haircuts .
0	here 's the bad points .
1	they might be better with haircuts though , saw happy customers .
0	the only restaurant that gave me so rude , unprofessional answer ever !
1	anyway , my haircut was terrible .
0	i did n't know what it was and did n't want to know .
1	great haircut for a reasonable price .
0	that should have been my first clue to walk away .
1	i recently went to joe 's for a haircut .
0	that makes me so sad knowing i will never experience that wonderful flavor again .
1	worst $ _num_ haircut ever .
0	internet access is $ _num_ per day .
1	my son asked for a certain haircut .
0	it was not a gluten free menu at all !
1	a bad haircut is worse than letting split ends survive .
0	that 's sort of disappointing but still fine .
1	very unhappy with my haircut .
0	extremely rude and condescending over the phone .
1	she gave the worst haircut and color in my entire life !
0	the installers were knowledgeable , friendly and efficient .
1	i an very happy with my haircut : ) staff are very polite too .
0	i go once or twice a week roughly , but never again .
1	nothing ruins your week like a poor haircut , and this one was terrible .
0	i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
1	the second haircut was great , but styled horribly .
0	after i ordered , the waiter came back twice .
1	sad to say that i got the worst haircut from this salon .
0	i chose poorly .
1	quick , cheap , great haircut .
0	their market square location worse .
1	it was a straight _num_ minute haircut .
0	i quickly devoured the tiny appetizer in _num_ bites .
1	came out with the worst haircut of my life .
0	then , in june , my maid of honor calls me .
1	i realized how horrible the haircut actually was .
0	awkward .
1	great place to get a haircut ... .
0	the salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner .
1	probably the worst haircut i 've ever had .
0	awful customer service , rude and poorly managed .
1	the haircut was mediocre , but the highlights were much worse .
0	false advertising at its best -- should n't that be illegal ?
1	i received the best haircut i 've had in ages .
0	and then she said `` no , what kind of dress . ''
1	always extremely happy with my haircuts and color here .
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	one of the worst haircuts i ever had .
0	took _num_ minutes to even be acknowledged .
1	i feel like the haircut was very rushed .
0	i am not interested in ever going back !
1	my haircut was not worth that much !
0	all the techs are nice except the man ( andy ) he is horrible !
1	in the end , he finished my haircut and offered his apologies .
0	the slice of chocolate cake , while a descent size , was rather tasteless .
1	i got my last haircut from ken who was great .
0	they do n't respect your privacy at all .
1	result : best , most versatile haircut ever .
0	assuming this was due to the discount , i did n't complain .
1	reliable and awesome haircuts !
0	management very rude and customer service is very poor .
1	i have four more weeks of haircut hell to live through .
0	but again we watched table after table go empty and stay dirty .
1	they give every guy the exact same haircut no matter what you ask for .
0	who knows how long that sour cream had been sitting out !
1	not only all of that , but the haircut was great !
0	i will not be back .
1	this is , without a doubt , the best haircut i 've ever had .
0	baked ziti is supposed to have a lot of cheese and sauce .
1	great haircuts and friendly staff .
0	my advice , avoid this place .
1	but they over charge for the type of haircuts they give .
0	appalling !
1	at least she did n't charge me for the haircut .
0	found out he left less than a month after this incident .
1	love my new look from the owner a creative curly haircut !
0	the pho was nothing special and place was small and looks dirty .
1	i did n't get my son 's haircut there after all that .
0	i do n't understand why this place think 's it has famous corned beef .
1	now the important part : the haircut .
0	this has only been my 2nd time at a red lobster ever .
1	he does n't really ask for input and gives everyone the same haircut .
0	not very complicated .
1	i went there by recommendation and paid $ _num_ for a _num_ $ haircut .
0	i was disgusted .
1	i can afford ( and deserve ) better haircuts from experienced professionals now .
0	its like the place tries too hard .
1	there was no conversation during the haircut .
0	so that was weird .
1	great haircuts , coloring and basically an awesome place for your hair !
0	rude , unfriendly , just a miserable male server .
1	third time : gave specific haircut directions and still got the same bad haircut .
0	oh yeah , the ac sounds like a _num_ taking off above your bed .
1	had a terrible haircut and will never go to anyone else .
0	thanks , but no thanks .
1	my hairstylist was friendly but gave me a really bad haircut .
