0	most of the time , they 're downright rude .
1	different people wash and dry your hair .
0	this place went from awesome to worst after it changed owners .
1	i told her to stop but my hair was ruined on one side .
0	i got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted .
1	it cost me _num_ to get extensions so my hair looked thicker .
0	disappointing : ( i expected more out of pf chang 's .
1	they did n't wash my hair and the haircut took about _num_ minutes .
0	since wings are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable .
1	_num_ bucks to have someone mess up my hair ?
0	there were _num_ customers ahead of me and _num_ ladies behind the counter .
1	there was a hair in my potatoes ( breakfast ) .
0	never understood all the hype about this place .
1	when she was finished my hair was short - above my shoulders .
0	it was that bad .
1	the guy tells me that the hair was too difficult to remove .
0	it was truly , truly just plain sad .
1	could have been a beard hair , i dunno .
0	it was horrible .
1	she absolutely ruined my hair .
0	the said they would get back to me within _num_ hours .
1	the hair dryer would n't work the second day .
0	i can not be refunded and the bill will be sent .
1	( $ _num_ for a hair cut i was n't satisfied with ) .
0	the sandwich at best was mediocre .
1	she hardly listened to what i wanted for a hair cut .
0	something does n't sound right here .
1	service so poor they never even got to cut my son 's hair .
0	but i just can not bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here .
1	i have very thick hair and it is very hard to cut .
0	the delivery driver arrived about _num_ minutes later .
1	he said the hair was really bad , not classy or elegant at all .
0	the lack of empathy was even more disturbing .
1	the salon is so dirty we left before i let them cut me hair .
0	which is just weird in a restaurant setting .
1	she made various odd faces as if to say my hair was a mess .
0	the beer choices and the casual menu was right up my alley .
1	at that time , one of the hair stylist went out back .
0	i even asked my husband to check in case i missed it .
1	second time i been here , i pulled hair out of my mouth .
0	the service itself was n't to great either .
1	the first bed legit has hair under the sheets ... strike _num_ .
0	i called to complain and they hung up on me .
1	my hair is down my back so a disaster for me is long term !
0	there is such a thing as food too fast .
1	half way through there was a hair in my sub .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	my mother 's room had no hair dryer or working outlet in the bathroom .
0	why do i need to request a stop on the `` t '' ?
1	i 'm not a hair stylist .
0	purchased two suits and other items for my son , spending over $ _num_ .
1	there 's no mirror to check your hair or makeup in .
0	_num_ .
1	if you want to keep your hair long , stay away .
0	i wish i could give this no stars and a thumbs down !
1	she 's skinny with long blonde hair .
0	both salad looked like they been sitting out for awhile .
1	the guy who cut my sons hair was terribly rude .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	also had a hair in my salad , not cool .
0	i do n't even know where to begin .
1	not to mention for an extended stay - no hair dryer .
0	place sucks .
1	too bad i was told this after my hair was already cut .
0	we had reservations , which was good because it was packed that saturday night .
1	what a waste of time , money and hair !
0	the food , on the other hand , is not good .
1	just do n't go here especially if you have natural hair .
0	i signed all paper work and returned the keys .
1	rude cashier , i believe her name was erin ( short blond hair ) .
0	we left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food .
1	there was _num_ person getting their hair washed .
0	_num_ ) $ _num_ tip even though the owner is the server .
1	caution : only come here if you want your hair washed !
0	she took my bottle of wine and did not mention the price or anything .
1	there was hair that was longer than others around it on top .
0	i 'll go back for the scallops , but would n't recommend anything else .
1	because of her rudeness i left and did not do my hair there .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	do n't eat here unless you want hair in your food !
0	i did like the home fries , very yummy !
1	however , i will not let her touch my hair any longer .
0	the hem was n't even touched and they charged me $ _num_ .
1	threw out a $ _num_ plate of food after finding hair .
0	the bathrooms were disgusting .
1	save your money and cut your own hair .
0	it 's sad to experience systems that work so obviously against the customer .
1	do n't go here , unless you like eating hair .
0	first , i 'll walk you through my experience .
1	there was pet hair and stains on the cup holder .
0	in fact i was quite disappointed .
1	i tried dean 's because i had a coupon for a free hair cut .
0	there were no apologies for the mistakes .
1	if my hair was so damaged , why would you try to do it ?
0	the bill was way too high .
1	the bathroom sink had hair in it .
0	it was a weird experience .
1	i only got a cut so she sprayed my hair to wet it .
0	first , let me say i wish you could leave _num_ stars .
1	i have blonde hair and my boyfriend brown ... it clearly was not ours .
0	$ _num_ and we both left and ate pizza .
1	therefore , that left junior stylists to wash and dry my hair .
0	they said it would take another two hours to start work .
1	beautiful girl cut my hair but again , got a terrible cut .
0	the chicken was all dark meat and tasted aweful .
1	she had long , black hair and she seemed to hate me .
0	at that time , i even had a terrible interaction with the owner .
1	i went into dean of shadyside salon to get my hair colored .
0	she did n't rush us , and made good wine recommendations .
1	waited _num_ min for a hair cut and was a big mistake .
0	rude .
1	i would not recommend this salon unless you know the specific hair dresser .
0	plus , cold rude staff .
1	i frequently visit ulta for all my hair products and have always been pleased .
0	it 's absolutely disgusting , and you get no peace whatsoever .
1	rotten hair cut .
0	this is not what you promised to sell me .
1	unfortunately , a person in our party found a hair in their taco .
0	really sad about this one .
1	will never return , even if my hair does grow back .
0	but we did n't have that problem until we left their lot !
1	she did , however , return quickly with a hair dryer .
0	all bad news .
1	i probably wo n't be returning for a hair appointment .
0	very rude staff .
1	my hair was down the middle of the my back .
0	very disappointed that this is the only photo store in the city .
1	my hair is even falling out .
0	then we had to wait _num_ minutes to get our bill .
1	_num_ minutes later he buzzed my hair and was done .
0	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
1	she 's either incompetent or she ruined my hair on purpose .
0	service was indifferent .
1	both times my hair was a disaster .
0	this place is beautiful but not worth the money , stress , or headache .
1	there is nothing worse than someone else 's hair in your food .
0	needless to say , we were disappointed .
1	after eating 3/4 of the burger , discovered long black hair in my burger .
0	_num_ stars might be too generous !
1	( curly , blonde hair ) .
0	they hardly put any fresh vegetables in it , and the vermicelli is overcooked .
1	i have medium length straight hair that 's not too thick or thin .
0	i 've been a yelp user for years .
1	you could tell she hates her job and feels like pulling her hair out .
0	i recently posted a photo of my chicken ranch club .
1	needless to say i took my hair down and makeup off immediately .
0	i do n't care for primanti brothers .
1	nurse with dark hair has no compassion .
0	very rude and condescending .
1	she cut quite a bit of hair off .
0	the management at this restaurant is horrendous .
1	then he tells me the dog hair will only come out with a shampoo .
0	there was a little bit of a wait which is expected on saturday night .
1	friend 's pancakes included several black hairs inside of the pancake .
0	wrong !
1	seriously what hotel does n't provide hair dryers anymore .
0	the new pitas tasted like a doughy pancake .
1	it took _num_ hours and _num_ minutes to cut and color my hair .
0	they just lost a loyal customer ... never again .
1	went to sincerely your hair salon dec 20th ... color already coming out .
0	overpriced and overwhelming .
1	the workers are n't nice and it smells like burnt hair inside .
0	did n't know you could mess up chicken lo mein .
1	there was dried blood and hairs everywhere .
0	their foods are not that tasteful .
1	she took only about _num_ minutes to cut my hair and it looked uneven .
0	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
1	i want to cry because my hair was so ugly !
0	at this point we still had not seen our server .
1	there was hair stuck up in it with food .
0	the lady who works their , is super rude and never smiles .
1	a short blonde with big lips messed up my boyfriends hair so bad .
0	now , after picking up my dress we realized they ordered the wrong size !
1	my hair is a bit past below my breasts .
0	sounded like i was flying a helicopter .
1	the lady that cut my hair was unprofessional and seemed very rushed .
0	unfortunately , the wi-fi here is miserable .
1	customer service , hair cut , and attitude , all sucked !
0	what i found most annoying was the uncomfortable seating .
1	my hair was down to the middle of my back .
0	this really is n't somewhere i want to be .
1	most of us do n't even spend that much on our own hair styles .
0	it appears that the oven was too hot .
1	instead , she walked out in full blown tears and with yellow hair .
0	horrible customer service .
1	after she dried my hair i could n't tell the difference .
0	_num_ staff members yelled .
1	i wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy .
0	i did not , however get the best .
1	i of course said no because it 'll just have another hair in it .
0	are these the same people running this restaurant ?
1	do not come her unless you feel like pulling your hair out !
0	honestly i do n't consider this place a mall .
1	it 's a cheap hair cut place !
0	they sprayed the windows but obviously allowed them to air dry .
1	hair in food is just plain gross .
0	we have been ordering food from little tokyo for almost _num_ years now .
1	i went here to fix a bad hair cut at the last minute .
0	i was thinking this place might be like that .
1	all i can say is thank god my hair can grow back .
0	jimmy wan 's offers white and brown , no extra charge .
1	not pleased with all the hidden costs behind my hair color service .
0	they do n't care about your clothes .
1	the guy left my hair uneven and missed several parts of my hair .
0	stopped in on the fourth of july for evening cocktail and small meal .
1	note , picture of hair is after a shampoo , following day .
0	wise guys is your typical off beat pizza shop .
1	hair in my drink and no soap in the restroom !
0	no thanks casbah !
1	i would never pay any amount to get my hair cut there again .
0	trying to get something healthy , i ordered the apple pecan salad .
1	i left crying i was so upset and disappointed with my hair .
0	four star _num_ diamond yea right .
1	i came in with long hair down to my butt .
0	my moo shu chicken was mostly cabbage .
1	furthermore my hair was not even styled properly !
0	it just was n't as authentic as i was hoping for .
1	the veggies were cold and there was a piece of hair on the broccoli .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	upon arriving there was men 's hair in the shower which was disgusting .
0	they gave us a $ _num_ gift card to make up for it .
1	i walked into this salon with long , healthy , shiny , well-maintained hair .
0	the room are _num_ stars .
1	the overall hair cut is what makes this review a _num_ stars .
0	my cat is not eating .
1	i sadly found two hairs baked in my pizza .
0	Neutral
1	well , my wife had a hair in her shake sooo that is disgusting .
0	i should have known better given that it only had one positive review .
1	she missed a lot of hairs and did n't shape the top very well .
0	i asked for a pen , not a kidney .
1	i got the rude lady with the short hair .
0	why every time i come in here , it 's really hot ?
1	also there were hairs in the sandwiches from the guy who made them .
0	i know , i know -- olive garden , how pedestrian of me !
1	stylist said she works with short hair but unfortunately it did n't appear so .
0	the first was flavorless and cold .
1	completely ruined my hair today .
0	mens room did n't have any paper towels to dry hands with .
1	i found a long blond hair in my fish .
0	they both said they were pretty good , if not a little dry .
1	i had to spend extra money to correct this bad hair cut .
0	when we eventually got the appetizer the bread , there were no plates around .
1	when i came home i was embarrassed at how my hair looked .
0	excuse me ?
1	i left the salon with almost black hair .
0	bad facility , even without a trash can in the room .
1	she damaged my hair so badly i ended up having _num_ inches cut off .
0	_num_ .
1	i started crying in the chair and my hair fell to the floor .
0	rude .
1	the manager coming over to blame us for the hair , was not ok .
0	rude .
1	i cleaned off most of the hair left in the passenger seat .
0	sunday went by then monday went by .
1	there was hair in my food and the employees were rude .
0	will not be returning .
1	he gave me a second mirror to check the back of my hair .
0	- original pretzel appetizer .
1	my hair is naturally straight with no layers or anything else .
0	$ _num_ side dishes .
1	i wear my hair long .
0	worst fast food i 've ever been to .
1	try their calamari over angel hair yum !
0	what an ordeal !
1	they gave me a $ _num_ discount for bringing my own hair .
0	we sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable .
1	so i had to blow my hair dry in the other room .
0	the food was mediocre and full of msg .
1	there was literally dog hairs in the areas that were easily accessible !
0	why the hell are you in such a hurry '' .
1	the real problem was the hair cut .
0	it is n't a bad experience .
1	my hair is truly very poorly cut .
0	absolute worst experience at a nail salon .
1	it 's so hard to wash and blow dry my hair .
0	my boyfriend 's general tso 's was less than subpar .
1	first of all my hair was so long , it touched my butt !
0	the only people getting help in there tonight were two other guys .
1	it is the worst hair cut i have ever had .
0	very bad .
1	crappy hair dryer .
0	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
1	she brought me over to the sink and washed my hair .
0	i ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard .
1	unfortunately , the hair did not stop there .
0	and then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages .
1	sad to say because the guys who cut my hair did a great job .
0	i ordered mine , chocolate , and cried vanilla .
1	there is no shampoo no hair dryer .
0	my real complaint is just how rudely we were treated at both locations .
1	and the second visit totally ruined my hair .
0	for $ _num_ per person , i was beyond disappointed .
1	i have short hair and it took her _num_ hours to wrap my hair .
0	i ordered a burger , which very overdone and dry .
1	finally , she failed to properly cut my hair .
0	she slowly responded `` yeah '' hardly looking up .
1	btw , the server was an older gentleman , gray hair .
0	waiter clearly did not know what he was talking about .
1	this might have been the worst hair cut i have ever had .
0	really bad italian food .
1	then re wet my hair to cut it !
0	glad we went , but we wo n't go back .
1	here 's the problem ; i found a hair in my food .
0	i was starving so at this point i just made do .
1	hair was barely touched .
0	very bad experience .
1	literally the worst hair experience of my entire life .
0	the service was annoying .
1	my salad had a rotten tomato and a hair ( not mine ) .
0	and the pedicure was really really painful !
1	my hair cut did n't go well .
0	that is the last money i will spend in that place .
1	hair was cut uneven everywhere , if there was any hair left !
0	i 'm not paying $ _num_ to get rushed service .
1	unless you get holly to cut your hair avoid this location at all cost .
0	he seemed to be in a bad mood and made us feel uncomfortable .
1	went in for a few highlights on shoulder length hair .
0	but this location puts the name to shame .
1	we do n't have anything maybe you should die your hair '' .
0	seriously just do n't do it .
1	the owner clearly has no idea how to cut curly hair .
0	we had a reservation for _num_ for a casual business dinner .
1	instead of hair that is shoulder length it 's several inches above .
0	decided to give them another chance and was disappointed .
1	one of my pillows was dirty and there was a hair on the comforter .
0	absolutely horrible customer service and product being sold to the public .
1	it had a huge hair in it , all wound around the crab .
0	they were frozen and certainly not worth the price .
1	when it comes to my hair i do n't have a budget .
0	we repeatedly got dirty looks from the staff throughout our meal though .
1	she said that that 's the only way to handle his curly hair .
0	i have been a steelers fan as long as i can remember .
1	come to think of it , i 'd do better cutting our hair myself !
0	far too much cream and cheese .
1	she wears glasses , has dark hair and is pale .
0	breakfast was good .
1	yea i left there looking like a _num_ year old did my hair .
0	their service is terrible .
1	worst hair experience i have ever had .
0	i 'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible .
1	awesome place if you like your hair looking like you are _num_ years old .
0	the inside was maybe worse , trash and dirty .
1	and now that i look at his hair cut , it 's uneven .
0	i did n't even eat all of it .
1	so i walked to the front desk with wet hair and inquired .
0	incredibly unfriendly staff , completely clueless consultant .
1	she did a terrible job on my hair .
0	rude , unfriendly , just a miserable male server .
1	lady that cut my hair barely spoke english .
0	after a lengthy wait we ended up sitting at separate tables .
1	inches off of my hair .
0	this place is awful .
1	i went there last friday before a hair appointment next door .
0	the temperature in the restaurant was hot .
1	he literally spent _num_ minutes cutting my hair if that .
0	my sister for a deal for _num_ and day in the _num_ season .
1	i have very thick hair and it was very long .
0	it was so bad , i would not dear to try again .
1	my hair went from the middle of my right below my collar bone .
0	$ _num_ / salad ?
1	i do n't normally get my hair cut for this reason .
0	more unbelievable , i waited _num_ minutes to pay for the two services .
1	spend hundreds of dollars for a free hair brush ?
0	it was so underwhelming .
1	disgusting waste of so much money , hair & so much time !
0	i ordered two double cheeseburgers and waited over twenty minutes for them .
1	i ca n't believe she has a license to cut hair .
0	rice was over cooked .
1	these ladies do n't know how to cut a guys hair .
0	unless she is really trying to take over the olive garden market .
1	having curly hair , i 've had my fair share of terrible haircuts .
0	this place is pretty bad .
1	the hair stylists are always not always smiling , although the manager is friendly .
0	i ordered the country sausage potatoes , pumpkin pancakes & grits .
1	this was the worst hair experience i have ever had !
0	it 's always dirty .
1	this may be ok , but neither of us have black hair !
0	one of worst patient experiences .
1	my hair was so bad i almost cried there .
0	this is ridiculous .
1	accompanied by a long black hair .
0	this store , however , is definitely lacking in customer service .
1	i have dogs , and my dogs have lots of hair .
0	the iced tea is also terrible tasting .
1	my hair was long , almost close to my behind .
0	i really do n't know how this place stays open .
1	the bathtub was clogged with hair an green slimy stuff .
0	bland food .
1	i mean pieces of hair were just coming off in my fingers .
0	but i do n't think i 'll be going back anytime soon .
1	she should stick to washing hair and being the receptionist .
0	first of all , the store was messy .
1	when it was brought back , there was a small hair in it .
0	the bus number is _num_ .
1	it was not my hair color at all !
0	this review is for alterations only .
1	i noticed that whatever shampoo they were using was drying my hair out .
0	i called & talked to manger as soon as i saw the bites .
1	no kidding second time had hair in the nachos !
