0	i 'll limit my visits until i find that treasure .
1	i mentioned the over cooked lobster and the did comp half of the price .
0	not the crusty italian bread .
1	although the line was huge the tables were about half empty .
0	this place is just a flat out joke .
1	mine was like half over done .
0	walked out without making purchase .
1	the coffee was disappointing -- it came with plastic cups of half & half .
0	it rather looks like a deli counter .
1	i threw half of it away .
0	i had to walk inside to get my check and then pay it .
1	so instead of getting a professional installation i got some half as $ workmanship .
0	ash trays all over the bar .
1	my trade was only worth about half of what carmax said it was ?
0	i went there for a few grocery items along with some alcoholic beverages .
1	so _num_ half of a chicken breast really was _num_ chicken breasts .
0	never again , they are off my list .
1	i gave half of it to my husband to eat .
0	drinks are far too expensive to try any .
1	i ordered the turkey cranberry half sandwich and broccoli cheddar soup .
0	breadsticks and meatball sub for my mother .
1	half ass job for more money than i 'm used to spending .
0	delivery was fine but the food was terrible .
1	the chicken portion was at least half vegetables , which was very disappointing .
0	i had to leave without my order after _num_ minutes .
1	the first half dragged .
0	we will not be back .
1	$ _num_ for a very tiny portion equal to half of a small bowl .
0	smoke bomb disappeared !
1	an hour and a half rolls around and we were both getting annoyed .
0	just like the butter and jelly packets sitting in the booth at denny 's .
1	egg rolls ( small , cut in half , and awful .
0	$ _num_ / salad ?
1	waste of money and food and over half of it went in the trash .
0	i will never go back to this place again !
1	we ordered _num_ sandwich , _num_ soup and _num_ half sandwich half salad .
0	its like the place tries too hard .
1	games are over priced and half of them do n't work .
0	the lunch took _num_ hours .
1	the plants were very poor quality and half dead .
0	did n't say a word to us .
1	three half pours of wine for like $ _num_ .
0	i fed my whole family breakfast ( _num_ of us ) for $ _num_ .
1	so slow ... we waited an hour and a half .
0	after almost an hour of waiting , i still had no pizza .
1	returned half or food because it smelled so bad .
0	$ _num_ wasted because i never got my massage .
1	a few days later , more than half of my nails started lifting .
0	what a disappointment .
1	my husband and i stood around for a half an hour .
0	needless to say , my cannoli was awful .
1	the other half was basically dry .
0	this was a horrible experience .
1	the place was n't busy ... maybe half full , if that .
0	this place is a bad idea all around .
1	we did n't move for an hour and a half .
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	but really an hour and a half ?
0	when our food came though , everything was below average .
1	i could only eat half and i finally just gave up .
0	if you send them an email , they do n't check it .
1	i could n't eat half of it .
0	the food and drinks are very over priced for what it is .
1	called after the first hour and a half and was told _num_ minutes .
0	the lady at the front desk is absolutely rude rude rude rude .
1	restaurant half empty and food took _num_ minutes .
0	i 'm upset and offended .
1	my sweet potato fries ( large ) were like half .
0	staff was friendly and drinks were reasonable but nothing to rave about .
1	i could have paid half as much for a better meal at rubio 's .
0	pitiful service .
1	the service was pretty bad and half of my meal was cold .
0	also the bathrooms where in bad shape .
1	ordered a large pizza , half cheese , half hang ten .
0	_num_ of us came here for dinner and ordered burgers and drinks .
1	received a cherry slush and cold , stale half filled fries .
0	the fries were soggy and soft , fish mediocre .
1	only received half of my order .
0	bad food .
1	last time she made me wait an hour and a half .
0	i ordered the margarita , sauce , cheese and basil .
1	sit there naked in a gown for an hour and a half ?
0	but the customer service is by far the worst i have ever experienced .
1	the bathroom was smelly , dirty and half broken down .
0	also , not one of us got ours cooked as ordered .
1	plus $ _num_ for a half sandwich ?
0	fired oysters and scallops over $ _num_ here .
1	everything was such poor quality that half was actually inedible .
0	the locker room was ridiculously crowded ( too small ) .
1	wish i could put a half star .
0	the service was friendly but the food was very poor .
1	should n't half to wait an hour to get a burger .
0	i was sick to my stomach when i left .
1	half price books is way over rated .
0	i had a bad impression of this hotel before i even entered .
1	after an hour and half we could not wait so we decided to leave .
0	long story short , we wo n't be back .
1	disappointed with the first half of my `` escape package '' .
0	way overpriced and service was n't great .
1	i only ate half of it and sadly threw it out !
0	not sure if the manager makes th e employees clean or not !
1	from all the reviews i tried a half chicken salad and a half hoagie .
0	the salad dressing was tasteless , the jumbo shrimp was under cooked and chewy .
1	half of the orders placed had something wrong with them .
0	the breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable .
1	so we paid _num_ for a sandwich and half salad .
0	yuk , i said that 's disgusting people have to eat that .
1	i ate less than half of the meal and left .
0	not a good sign .
1	bingo isnt half bad either .
0	the menu states there are _num_ market priced items .
1	ordered half off apps menu .
0	mani = _num_ star .
1	sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
0	it 's horrible .
1	_num_ minutes later half of our party needed to leave .
0	when i picked up the sandwich grease poured from it .
1	half of our order was cold and half was hot .
0	maybe i just got an old cake , i do n't know .
1	i 've had better tasting carnitas for half as much .
0	lost _num_ stars for that .
1	half of the floors do n't have vending machines .
0	_num_ .
1	half my pizza has no toppings just cheese .
0	i 'm not from here , so maybe i do n't share the love .
1	i could not even finish half of mine .
0	they literally just threw the wings in the fryer and delivered it to us .
1	i went back again for half off appetizers , and was horribly disappointed .
0	( the hoagie bun was better than average . )
1	while polite people , i must say that it is a complete half job .
0	the worst salon experience of my life .
1	i also noticed almost half of wait staff is gay .
0	my boyfriend ordered the pork rice vermicelli bowl .
1	maybe _num_ half strawberries and a bland cream cheese mix on french toast .
0	the cheapest thing on the menu was $ _num_ .
1	half rack of ribs were old and dry , sirloin overcooked .
0	we had to flag down our waitress just to get refills .
1	i did n't even finish half of my food and i threw it away .
0	as a customer i really do n't care .
1	unfortunately more than half of the chunks of `` meat '' were bone .
0	they cracked my oil pan and it cost me four hundred dollars to repair .
1	half a star would be better suited for this place .
0	it 's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food .
1	the whole ordeal took an hour and a half .
0	service is lacking and food is mediocre .
1	an hour and a half later we calling to check on her order .
0	bottom line , this place sucks .
1	got the half ribs and its was dry .
0	they ca n't even give you the courtesy of trying on their dresses .
1	i ordered him a cappuccino it was less than half full ?
0	her reply `` no .
1	the prime rib was tough and half was fat .
0	this is the worse nail salon i have ever been to !
1	i ate half the sandwich , and took the other half home .
0	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
1	he mentioned that the wait time was about an hour and a half .
0	it was ok but not something i would order again .
1	half a day wasted on car wash attempt _num_ .
0	zero flavor and dry as hell .
1	how long do you have to wait for food at a half empty bar ?
0	none of this is exaggeration .
1	unfortunate that one star is the lowest a half would be too much .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	each half of the pizza contained the exact ingredients i wanted for lunch .
0	and the garlic wings did n't taste like garlic .
1	i ended up throwing half of my sandwich away because it was all bread .
0	the chocolate was too sweet .
1	they were rude , unhelpful , and about an hour and a half late .
0	_num_ . )
1	* salmon skin ( half ) roll - this also lacked flavor .
0	that is where the efficiency and service took a turn for the worst .
1	well , my update has half of my original rating .
0	same goes for milk , cold cuts and breakfast meat products .
1	although my meal was discounted by half , it was still a terrible value .
0	also they lost my fianc 's work shirts .
1	i was extremely embarrassed as my friend threw more than half of it away .
0	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
1	half and hour later nothing had changed .
0	i sent it back - showed the gal my burned pastrami sandwich .
1	for the next half hour i had a gross taste in my mouth .
0	just my experience , but come on people , really ?
1	no more asian chicken salad big enough to feed half of china .
0	the husband had the bbq chicken pizza .
1	i just ate half of a cockroach .
0	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
1	an hour and a half goes by and no call .
0	for that reason , i ca n't give this place less than two stars .
1	half of dash is wiped down the other half is not .
0	we will not be going back .
1	i could only eat half of it .
0	however she charged the $ _num_ pasta trio ( which comes with desert ) .
1	so i only ate half of each .
0	all that money spent elsewhere because of one power trip .
1	i only rated _num_ star because i could n't select a half or none .
0	they were also playing _num_ year old pop music really loud .
1	i always tend to see the glass half full , not empty .
0	despite the spa pricing this is not the spa treatment .
1	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
0	both plates were mediocre at best .
1	it was n't even half full !
0	left and halfway home , `` check engine '' light came back on .
1	the restaurant was not at capacity , not even half .
0	overpriced , terrible customer service , and long wait times .
1	more than half was onion and peppers with just a little seafood .
0	avoid !
1	for the last year and a half , my experience goes like this .
0	did n't she have my slip with the card number ?
1	when half of the games are broken , it 's a bad deal .
0	i get there and the total is over $ _num_ !
1	only half of the dining area has bbq grills , so expect a wait .
0	anybody that is not would be totally screwed by these people .
1	not so brilliant hostess says your wait time was cut in half !
0	bread or not , it still was n't great .
1	i could not even finish half of the individual size .
0	this was a mistake .
1	left half of it for the trash .
0	the check-in desk was super slow during my stay there .
1	half of them are n't labeled or priced .
0	as for me , i do n't think i 'll be back .
1	i leave w _num_ / half theirs and go to wild horse .
0	the hummus was okay , and our main plate seemed to be microwaved .
1	my better half got the chicken katsu & it was just alright .
0	it 's not .
1	my gf or i did n't even finish half of what we ordered .
0	this was more than _num_ hours after i had placed the order .
1	what 's one half of one half ?
0	bad service , bland food .
1	they were so full of lumpy , half cooked potatoes .
0	cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal .
1	they were not even busy only half full .
0	which is just weird in a restaurant setting .
1	they were topped with one basil leaf and half of a mini mozzarella ball .
0	i would not order this again .
1	it 's been yet another week and a half and no word from her .
0	i will never go back to that place again .
1	square cut , half burnt pizza with barely any sauce on it .
0	terrible terrible service .
1	i just cant take an hour and a half for lunch .
0	this place was disgusting !
1	the restaurant is less than half full ... we are quickly seated .
0	they should have cut off orders if they were that overwhelmed !
1	that to me is really a half of a quesadilla not a full one .
0	what a horrible experience !
1	she did n't even eat half her salad .
0	husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce .
1	our waiter spent half of our _num_ minutes ignoring us .
0	he said that he could not take it and referred me to the manager .
1	i ate half of it and left the rest .
0	i made a reservation on monday to pick up some equipment on saturday .
1	rating _num_ and half .
0	my pizza was okay , nothing yummy .
1	however i ordered a medium pizza half bacon and _num_ wings .
0	basically , reservations mean nothing here .
1	i ate half of it before i got sick .
0	however , i knew my husband wanted to use the gift card .
1	after around half and hour , the transaction was finally completed .
0	sorry , i gotten very used to no smoking i public places in pittsburgh .
1	other then that as far as customer service they get a half of star .
0	my wife had a chicken special .
1	you have half of your restaurant empty and those are all reserved ?
0	wo n't be back .
1	i felt disgusted that i actually ate half since i was so hungry .
0	horrible service .
1	about half of it was not edible .
0	one of the people working said that was probably because of `` renovations . ''
1	paid for my meal received a dollar ripped in half .
0	i will never go back though .
1	we had a medium pizza , half new yorker and half veggie .
0	too many other competent companies to model after .
1	the place was dead and half of the stands were n't open .
0	we woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place .
1	half went to the trash .
0	was n't the best either .
1	i 've been sitting here for and hour and a half now and nothing .
0	i also got a _num_ pack that cost _num_ dollars .
1	my half rack of ribs were dry and burned with very low sauce amount .
0	this was explained to us before we ordered .
1	i was shocked that a half of southwest chicken salad was $ _num_ .
0	the waitress was rude and less than helpful .
1	ate half of it and threw the rest away .
0	the staff does n't seem to care .
1	half of the order was already cold .
0	had no desire to eat throughout the day .
1	sadly half of the appetizers came out still frozen in the middle .
0	was so salty and just not good .
1	so half of the burger was cooked through and the other half was pink .
0	also the ambiance of anthony 's is not the same .
1	i end up picking half of my sandwich apart .
0	there 're not much options on the menu .
1	half way through my meal , i find a dead bug in there .
0	there was no noise control so sleep was impossible .
1	hour and half wait time for oil change and tire rotation .
0	future actions : will not come again for sure !
1	after discussing things with the manager , he refunded half of our $ .
0	i had a horrible experience .
1	for the doctor to fill out a half of a box .
0	oh how the mighty have fallen .
1	this has been going on for a year and a half .
0	i 'm not asking too much .
1	the other half of the room was empty so we asked to sit there .
0	deserts were nothing less than stellar , and the service was awesome .
1	they have better service and half lower price for the better food .
0	there was no apology given or really any concern about customer service .
1	she had no idea what half the charges were for .
0	no chop sticks or soy sauce unless you ask for it .
1	i lived in the far east for years , half my family is chinese .
0	the bill was $ _num_ so it is pricey .
1	tofu hut was open for another hour and a half .
0	everything else we had sucked .
1	yes _num_ hours and a half !
0	terrible !
1	this only half listening behavior continued while i explained my husband 's frustration .
0	the _num_ of us got to bar louie at 8:30 .
1	i asked for diced tomatoes and got two half tomatoes with cuts in them .
0	terrible service .
1	we had a half pepperoni , half veggie .
0	it is my pet peeve .
1	the guy drying the car half dried it and left spots all over it .
0	did i mention the cake was dry ?
1	could have spent half as much .
0	we ordered a large steak stromboli with extra cheese through grub hub .
1	i could n't finish more than half .
0	the range itself had terrible ventilation .
1	i could n't eat more than half .
0	i am not interested in ever going back !
1	the exhibits in this museum are severely lacking in the second half .
0	every thing about this place is wrong .
1	why ca n't you just sell a half bowl ?
0	i ca n't even rate this place !
1	i found a hair ball in my half bucket of hot wings .
0	finally , _num_ mins later ... that 's one hour , folks .
1	anyways , my water came out half full , who does that ?
0	my other dining companion had the osso bucco which was dry and stringy .
1	threw half of it away and was pissed because i paid so much .
0	not worth your money .
1	even the oysters on the half shell were just there , nothing special .
0	not happy about the new staff .
1	to start off i ended up throwing away over half of it .
0	my eyebrow still has n't grown back to its normal shape .
1	the quesadilla was one flour tortilla folded in half .
0	not hearing me , she goes , `` what was that ? ''
1	half of the chips were stuck together and under done .
0	but all of the pretzel bun sandwiches are n't that great .
1	my wife ate half her food and i never touched mine .
0	i try calling bj 's and wait over _num_ minutes on hold .
1	half of the trays were empty and other half were almost empty .
0	total time spent _num_ hour for a $ _num_ drink .
1	they left out the soup and half sandwich as well as the cookies .
0	the spicy yellow tail was not spicy .
1	half the table got to order appetizers , half did not .
0	this place sucks the cashiers are either very rude , slow and incompetent .
1	the terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago ?
0	plus , beer was _num_ !
1	the other half of the time they did n't work very well .
0	i 've had good meals here , and i 've had really bad ones .
1	had half of a sandwich with just egg and bottom biscuit .
0	i probably wo n't order here again though .
1	then she charged me half of what i would normally pay for gel nails .
0	upon arrival , the place is nearly empty .
1	threw half of it out .
0	if any of the employees would smile i would die from shock .
1	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
0	the portions are tiny , and the pho broth leaves you unsatisfied .
1	if i could give a half star , i would .
0	it really is a pittsburgh staple but come on ... .
1	the chicken breasts were cut in half .
0	very disappointing to me .
1	i had the short stack of pancakes , and only got through half .
0	no sign of italian meat to be found .
1	they brought me a basket with one piece of chicken breast cut in half .
0	the fries were generic .
1	_num_ cent margaritas and half off all appetizers .
0	needless to say , i will not go here again .
1	the last half an hour , i was the only customer .
0	not impressed .
1	ate half of my husbands sandwich .
0	takeout is gross .
1	wish i could give a two and a half .
0	so i left .
1	she also stated nobody called the store an hour and a half .
0	i will say i still ate them so shame on me .
1	the 2nd half was better , but still left a lot to be desired .
0	sorry buca , a previous visit was much better than this one .
1	there was half of a dead fly in my greek salad .
0	something does n't sound right here .
1	i could only finish half my sandwich and tossed the rest .
0	the bloody mary was pretty awesome for what i assume is a pre-made mix .
1	so overall my experience was a _num_ and a half of _num_ .
0	that should have tipped me off .
1	half my dish was potato .
0	coffee pot in our room was broken .
1	the tortilla was folded in half and then cut into four pieces .
0	we only wish we would have ordered food and then left .
1	if i could give a half star , i would have .
0	sadly we were disappointed with our meal .
1	i eat my half sandwich , two grapes and two slices of oranges .
0	they are in terrible shape .
1	the suggested gratuity is a joke ... they 'll get half .
0	it is difficult to get under my skin .
1	half the chicken was cold and half was warm .
