0	but i 'd suggest you not !
1	i know cockroaches happen but gross .
0	i 'm so disappointed in my experience at the carnegie library !
1	however , now that it has happened twice , i do not trust them .
0	waiter was awful and food ( pad thai ) was not much better .
1	this was a situation that should never have happened .
0	i would n't use their services again if you paid me to .
1	nothing ever happens .
0	the delivery driver arrived about _num_ minutes later .
1	even the manager could n't be any sincere about what had happened .
0	unfortunately , i did not have the great experience others did .
1	this has happened on more than one occasion .
0	needless to say we will never go there again .
1	disappointed but i knew that could happen .
0	not the drivers fault .
1	they did apologize , but i will not risk having this happen again .
0	wo n't come again to this place ... .
1	not sure what 's happened to this place but it has gone down hill .
0	save yourself pain and throw your money out the window .
1	that should not happen with white pizza .
0	worst customer service .
1	got a full set and the exact same thing happened _num_ days later .
0	today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality .
1	we 'll see what happens : / i 'm not holding my breath .
0	the wait staff is slow and management has no clue .
1	that would never have happened with the prior owner .
0	the pizza was n't that good either .
1	the rating is not for the appetizer , like i said things happen .
0	overall , my haircuts were never good .
1	something as simple as this still has not happened .
0	was trying to find a rating lower than _num_ star but could n't .
1	there 's no smoking inside , of course , but it always happened .
0	, the service was fine , but the food was totally forgettable .
1	i sincerely apologize for what happened last night .
0	food is terrible .
1	same thing happened the last time i was here .
0	i keep forgetting how not good this location is .
1	i check out this story online and find it actually happens .
0	having curly hair , i 've had my fair share of terrible haircuts .
1	i was so confused what was happening .
0	just bad service .
1	mistakes happen , i get it , but three strikes and your out .
0	gnocchi and duck ragu was what i ordered .
1	this is not the first time this has happened to me and my family .
0	very stupid management .
1	this is n't the first time that this has happened .
0	i felt bad just ordering free beer so i ordered a sandwich .
1	but after what happened i will never be back .
0	paid $ _num_ for three early bird specials - all three were beef broccoli .
1	i totally understand that mistakes happen .
0	all working hard , but covering too many tables .
1	i do n't know what is happening to medicine patients appointments etc .
0	they really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room .
1	what happened after was worse .
0	the restaurant has the diner feel , no doubt .
1	makes me wonder if he actually fell or did something else happen .
0	not friendly .
1	if it happened to us twice , surely it 's happened to someone else .
0	the last visit i overlooked the $ _num_ gnocchi special .
1	( that almost never happens ) just be careful and shop around .
0	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
1	what happened to the complete a/c inspection for _num_ ?
0	not here .
1	the assistant manager called me on sunday and asked me what happened .
0	the waiter said she only comes to town twice a year .
1	really not sure what 's happened to the food here .
0	disappointed .
1	hoping that happens sooner and will happily pay to get out of my lease .
0	i am extremely disappointed and will never order or recommend them for anything !
1	i am totally appalled that this would happen .
0	brick oven pizza cold ... .
1	unfortunately , that did n't happen and we ended up leaving .
0	i 've already admitted it 's nothing special .
1	with all that happening , we were waiting for our check .
0	the place is not even kept up anymore .
1	it happened to someone else in my group so it was n't just me .
0	waited _num_ minutes for drinks , _num_ minutes for good .
1	she apologized and explained to me how this could have happened .
0	the pancakes were ok , a little mushy but flavorful .
1	then the servers just happened to crash .
0	i got the steamed chicken dumplings and a order of edamame to go .
1	happened about once every _num_ seconds .
0	this place is not _num_ stars .
1	this happened to several of my other coworkers as well .
0	how does this place still exist of every place on the waterfront !
1	something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad .
0	not particularly flavorful but edible .
1	it happens !
0	we greeted her before she greeted us which i find rude .
1	that happened _num_ times .
0	will defiantly not go there again !
1	something must have happened because i was very disappointed last night .
0	wrong .
1	this has happened the last _num_ out of _num_ times i visited this location .
0	the dough is some of the worst dough i have had yet in pittsburgh .
1	needless to say , that didnt happen .
0	i immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again mia .
1	needless to say , that wo n't be happening .
0	it should n't have take an hour to do it anyway .
1	were they going to wait for the worst to happen !
0	_num_ .
1	i doubt this happens often but i wo n't be going back .
0	neither of us were surprised .
1	i would like to say that i am only disappointed by what 's happened .
0	the caesar salad was fine , but not inspiring .
1	but , something happened sadly .
0	puts it into a glass and serves it to someone else .
1	i 'm not sure exactly what happened , but the food went way downhill !
0	it is very dense and flavorless with no crunch at all .
1	i 'm serious , i stood there shocked and wondering what was happening .
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	she even ventured to say `` this has happened before ! ''
0	however , my dish was nothing to brag about .
1	then the hostess claimed to have buzzed us , which never happened .
0	the waitress there are extremely rude .
1	it took _num_ weeks before anything happened .
0	if you 're famous , why is there never anyone in your restaurant ?
1	it wo n't happen .
0	different people wash and dry your hair .
1	the waitstaff saw what was happening and did n't care at all .
0	the wonton soup was horrible .
1	this was not happening .
0	parking at the hotel is expensive .
1	i just wonder how often this happens .
0	i have to wait _num_ days to have service restored .
1	seriously what the hell happened to this location !
0	, but a couple places in charlotte made me like it again .
1	this happened before , and we pushed the additional tables together .
0	this hotel is a complete ripoff !
1	i do n't believe that happened , and i still have roaches .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	firestone called tires plus and told them what happened .
0	oh , and the grocery store wine was way over priced .
1	oddly my wife ate here about two years ago and the same thing happened .
0	unfortunately , our experience was dreadful .
1	this did not upset me as i understand that things happen .
0	honestly , it looked like someone had already starting eating this .
1	i am still amazed that this even happened .
0	now i really wish we would have .
1	i understand the mistake , it happens .
0	save your money on the chili cheese fries .
1	the cook said that happens sometimes and sent out two cold pieces of rib .
0	it was very crowded due to little italy days in bloomfield .
1	evil happens .
0	service was just barely adequate on this visit .
1	hotel staff and bus driver said this has happened numerous times .
0	they frequently mess up my friends orders when we go there .
1	i used to frequent this restaurant until what happened to me on april 3rd .
0	these hoagies are the most pathetic hoagies i 've ever seen or eaten !
1	mistakes happen , but i would have expected a better attempt at customer satisfaction .
0	i am hoping that my experience here was an off night .
1	i try to avoid that happening though because i dislike this gym that much .
0	but it 's not good for longer stays or repeat visits .
1	anyway , so i listen back to the call and here 's what happened .
0	do not come here to eat .
1	the first time it happened i just blew it off .
0	service was sub par at best .
1	i am not the only person this happened to .
0	the service was not very good .
1	going downhill ... ... man , what happened to this place ?
0	slow .
1	that has never happened in our household .
0	it was cold and not a good portion .
1	what happened next is not something i will forget soon .
0	we had a reservation for _num_ for a casual business dinner .
1	not going to happen since i live _num_ miles away .
0	the person next to me ordered the beer battered giant fish sandwich .
1	this does n't generally happen to me .
0	bland noodles .
1	if this happens again , may need to start looking for a new cleaner .
0	this was some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
1	not sure what happened to this restaurant but it has seriously gone down hill .
0	i can not believe how unprofessional this store was !
1	we asked the server what happened and she was rude and dismissive .
0	_num_ ) they did not return my $ _num_ security deposit .
1	three of us stayed here for an event that was happening in mesa .
0	at our table and then left prior to ordering .
1	here is where my mistake happened .
0	i think with some mustard this might have been great .
1	its just not happening .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	so disappointing to see what has happened here .
0	this place does n't feel clean or inviting .
1	: ( ( ( never had this happen with previous owner !
0	, i would have never known .
1	yeah , that happened to me .
0	due to 3-4 hours of service i split it into two days .
1	i 'm not sure what changed but something has happened with the shrimp .
0	thanks , but no .
1	sorry - did n't happen here .
0	shame on you , time warner cable .
1	this crap has happened at least _num_ times in a row !
0	we ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did .
1	this is n't the first time this happened .
0	they are wasting so much money on cheese its sad .
1	according to our server , this happens every monday .
0	this is what some would refer to as , terrible and heavy .
1	i am upset because in november something was happening and it was not addressed .
0	never going back .
1	i understand that sometimes things can happen but this was ridiculous .
0	loud is an understatement .
1	even worse is that the same thing happened to my cousin .
0	$ _num_ credit card minimum .
1	this is the second time this has happened sour cucumbers in the salad .
0	no desk type chair .
1	unfortunately , that did n't happen .
0	and meats were not cooked to request and the servers forgot the eating utensils .
1	i do n't know how this keeps happening .
0	in the end , that bridesmaid got a partial refund for the dress .
1	this is the second time this has happened in less than a month .
0	disappointing .
1	what happened ?
0	the fish was old and cold and fries were a very soft .
1	gross as it was , i understand that mistakes happen .
0	sorry to see this place go down hill .
1	im ok with mistakes as things happen but to act that way was ridiculous .
0	worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location .
1	the same thing happened , but this time the pain was much worst .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	it 's a shame , what happened ?
0	the flavor was meh and the black truffle butter was surprisingly boring .
1	unfortunately the worst possible thing has happened .
0	um , no ... it was more like garbage sewer sauce .
1	unfortunately that was not what happened at the store .
0	i did not even want to put my purse down .
1	maybe we just had an `` off '' experience ... it happens .
0	very annoyed and ignorant !
1	the district manager of this bakery to make sure it does not happen again .
0	the husband had the bbq chicken pizza .
1	how can they deny it happened ?
0	complete mush .
1	i told him that wasnt gon na happen because she works weird hours .
0	however , it all went down hill from there .
1	not happening , he never says another word .
0	the service can also be rather slow .
1	i 'm sure that 's never happened before mr .
0	fail .
1	i could have never written this review until this part of my story happened .
0	he barely spoke and did n't put on any kind of show at all !
1	we could n't believe what was happening .
0	i could n't believe they tried to pass that off as a steak .
1	what on earth happened here ?
0	maybe _num_ % full !
1	not sure what happened but it was very unprofessional .
0	we might not go every year , but maybe every other year .
1	then , the gross happened .
0	employees watching reality tv during business hours really puts me off .
1	not sure what happened but this place is old and tired .
0	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
1	it just so happens that the office 's phone lines are down .
0	worst place ever !
1	no biggie because it happens from time to time .
0	my merlot was decent but the calamari was not .
1	nothing happened to it .
0	the only good thing was free parking out back .
1	this has happened before , and we pushed the additional tables together .
0	the phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door .
1	a busy , well known place like that should n't have that happen .
0	the hotel rooms were dirty and service was terrible .
1	first time nothing unusual happened .
0	no flavor .
1	so i normally like this place but something annoying happened today .
0	if not , oops !
1	what happened safeway , did you guys get new managers .
0	what a completely miserable experience .
1	our must recent bad experience happened today .
0	the beer specials and _num_ .
1	what would have happened if we were terrible and the pace was even worse ?
0	they charge like $ _num_ for this , which is a complete ripoff .
1	this is not the first time it 's happened .
0	that 's not our usual practice . ''
1	i may change my review depending on what happens .
0	what turns me off a bit , it always seems dirty .
1	that should n't be allowed to happen .
0	i would not recommend this place .
1	this has never happened before and it took me off guard .
0	never ever again will we return here .
1	it 's not going to happen .
0	it was terrible waiting in line , but it moved quickly .
1	and have to make another appointment to address the other problems , not happening !
0	what a terrible experience .
1	but it was not happening at this place !
0	perhaps leftovers from the _num_ steakhouse sale .
1	when i got home and realized what had happened , i called to inquire .
0	i 've tried a lot of pizza places and this is so bad .
1	but unfortunately that did not happen .
0	awful service , overpriced food .
1	this happened _num_ out of the three nights i stayed there .
0	i will never go back to this place again !
1	: ( let 's wait a week to see what else happens .
0	just do n't do it !
1	i told them in not so nice words that was n't going to happen .
0	however , there was no way i was sending it back .
1	i really wanted to like this place but alas it just was n't happening .
0	we counted _num_ parties , thats it ... in a otherwise bare restaurant .
1	i have no idea what happened , but it 's not good .
0	diners beware , spend your money elsewhere .
1	this has happened _num_ times .
0	nothing to talk about .
1	mistakes happen .
0	no dice .
1	the chips were fresh but what in the hell happened to the salsa ?
0	this was an expensive skirt , completely ruined .
1	nope did n't happen , and they refused to change it .
0	this was ridiculous to us so we left !
1	the kicker is that this was n't the first time this has happened .
0	arrangement was just ok .
1	i do n't care why it happened .
0	i 'm glad this place is for emergency service only ( for us ) .
1	the maintenance manager asked what happened to my hand , i told him .
0	why even keep this historical , old , dingy , dirty room ?
1	beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks .
0	i would be hard pressed to ever return .
1	this has happened consistently that i no longer trust eating the roast duck here .
0	i 'll probably never go back again .
1	i do n't care what happened we just needed the dresses at this point .
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've had .
1	unfortunately i do n't know what happened ?
0	just gon na stand here and get looked over for a little while longer .
1	this is probably the first time it has happened .
0	this time was not so good .
1	the management is horrible they will never take any responsibility if something happens !
0	i mean , we went here thinking we would get a good value .
1	when i ask for call backs from managers it never happens .
0	but overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason !
1	`` what the hell just happened ? ''
0	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
1	not happening again .
0	was very disappointed with the food .
1	not happening again , because i 'm never going back again .
0	-i split the giant beer battered fish sandwich .
1	so this should n't be happening .
0	there is no excuse .
1	so , just know this is what 's happening at this place .
0	this place is below par in just about every way .
1	this will not happen again .
0	poor service , crappy food .
1	she of course proceeds to charge me as if that phone called never happened .
0	i 'm hoping that i just caught them on a bad afternoon .
1	i flag down the next passing employee , who happens to be the manager .
0	this place has none of them .
1	the terrible experience happened before i even arrived .
0	there is no email and i have spent hours on the phone .
1	during my wait there though , i happened to stumble upon the product .
0	i have never been treated so rudely in my entire life .
1	we waited another _num_ minutes for him to return which never happened .
0	thinking back and forth on it did n't seem right .
1	managers running around doing everything except making sure good customer service is happening .
0	so over price that i can not afford a drink .
1	however , what happened that night , i could n't sleep through .
0	this was my second time staying at this hotel with the same problem .
1	my biggest complaint , however , is what happened with our meals .
0	the chicken tacos were good .
1	this is not supposed to happen .
0	the cheese was loaded on the top with almost no crab flavor .
1	we 'll resolve it next time and that never happens .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	of course nothing happened on monday .
0	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
1	ordered here today , big mistake but wo n't happen again !
0	been here a few times now , food is mediocre at best .
1	ya i signed off that that may happen .
0	just awful .
1	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
0	the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
1	that 's not exactly how i see it happening .
0	ate at this resturant while on a business trip .
1	it was impossible to have a conversation when this happened .
0	it wasnt horrible , it just wasnt great .
1	but tonight two really disappointing things happened .
0	butter served with the bread was so hard it bent the knife .
1	i let them know what happened , but no on responded to my complaints .
0	only _num_ people in line when arrived .
1	shame on them for this happening so often !
0	i would n't even give them one star at this location !
1	if you are lucky turn down service will happen .
0	we need more irish pubs and local old time watering holes .
1	very dangerous , no inspection of machines and if so this would never happen .
0	the service is most often rude .
1	and doesnt assure me it will never happen again .
0	so disappointed .
1	i am not sure how that happens .
0	coming here you get the feeling they have n't changed much .
1	that 's never happened to me before with waxing .
0	also , my package was stolen twice .
1	to date that has not happened .
0	shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like .
1	my first visit here though , things started happening that sent red warning messages .
0	totally my own fault , but still , watch out .
1	i do n't know what has happened but this place has gone downhill .
0	simply gross .
1	things i never thought would happen , happened .
0	the good : the ladies who run the registers are personable and helpful .
1	unfortunately that 's exactly what happened this past saturday .
0	when i come back to charlotte i wo n't be trying this restaurant again .
1	this should never happen at any high end restaurant .
0	we could n't eat it .
1	as you may have guessed , this did not happen .
0	sad to say the other reviews i read of this place are accurate .
1	nope , never happened .
