0	but beyond that , total meh .
1	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
0	service here is pretty bad .
1	it was good thing we was on vacation so we had time to waste .
0	let me repeat , never again .
1	i have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before .
0	no more smoking allowed .
1	shrimp had no flavor .
0	i 've included this very depressing looking `` steak hoagie '' .
1	this location though has horribly slow service .
0	terrible place to eat and not very clean at all .
1	if you have any alternative , though , i would avoid this place .
0	there is no other way to describe everything in my room .
1	my husband has eaten there before and was sorely disappointed as well .
0	horrible !
1	sorry just had my first taste of pierogies plus .
0	i gave them all my contacts information to reach me .
1	the place has changed and not for the better .
0	baked eggplant caprese : the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess .
1	you will have to spend $ _num_ on a parking pass .
0	the menu was very small and hard to read and understand .
1	i guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene .
0	people are rude there as well .
1	i had to pay $ _num_ to add cheese to the hoagie .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	it had no signs of being coated and sauted to a rich golden brown .
0	_num_ ) $ _num_ tip even though the owner is the server .
1	who knows how long that sour cream had been sitting out !
0	and am not a fan of the _num_ % .
1	at that point , i had n't put two and two together yet .
0	it was hardly edible .
1	but my recent experience there has changed my mind a bit .
0	avoid this place at all costs .
1	we had reservations for _num_ people at 7pm this past saturday .
0	they were pretty terrible .
1	all i have to say is no thanks .
0	the server got my order wrong .
1	then i had to pay them $ _num_ to get my suv back .
0	food is limited and all fried , that 's not a good thing either .
1	worst climbing gym i have ever been to .
0	my experience did not live up to my expectations at all .
1	very rude and once they get paid have no ethics .
0	then _num_ mins to get our food !
1	it is appalling to see what that place has become .
0	very poor form on the owners part .
1	wait time : we had a reservation , so we were seated right away .
0	so , that gets a low mark in my book .
1	sorry , how can you not have $ _num_ in change ?
0	terrible !
1	so now i have a very sick kitten on my hands .
0	such a shame .
1	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
0	( _num_ ) i called multiple times but could n't reach anyone .
1	this place has gone significantly down hill .
0	the corn lacked butter .
1	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
0	the haircut was $ _num_ .
1	had lobster bisque soup not to good .
0	i 'd recommend stopping in another giant eagle if you can .
1	the wings were the most mediocre wings i have ever tasted .
0	made a reservation in may through expedia , which i needed to cancel .
1	being next door to corporate you would have higher expectations .
0	these hoagies are the most pathetic hoagies i 've ever seen or eaten !
1	hands down , this was the worst we 've ever had .
0	she walked up the stairs and ignored us .
1	wish i had looked it up earlier .
0	on most visits it takes em about _num_ minutes .
1	possibly the worst dining experience i 've had .
0	i think she got _num_ out of every _num_ drink orders correct .
1	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
0	my expectations for mcdonalds are t rarely high .
1	at that time , i even had a terrible interaction with the owner .
0	no one .
1	i have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable .
0	plus i was served teriyaki fajitas .
1	i had the singapore rice noodles .
0	what a complete disaster .
1	if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating .
0	Negative
1	some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
0	salad was average at best .
1	my boyfriend had their philly cheesesteak and he could n't finish it .
0	at $ _num_ , i was not impressed .
1	every time i have ever gone , the service is awful .
0	so , my wife got up and we walked out of this place .
1	how can a restaurant not have proper seating for its paying customers ?
0	?
1	neither the brown sugar bacon and beef nor the blt had much bacon .
0	like i said , i wo n't be back .
1	the service has also suffered tremendously .
0	not much pineapple in the chicken pineapple dish .
1	worst bar i have ever been to .
0	mediocre food service and atmosphere .
1	_num_ - a lot of the drinks did n't have prices on them .
0	our server , from beginning to end , was slow .
1	this crust , while thin , did not have flavor and was hard .
0	i start work at _num_ am .
1	she has to wait _num_ days to be seen .
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	i have eaten here before and never had any problems .
0	bad idea .
1	so , i had been wanting to try this place for some time .
0	room decor is old and bed was not comfortable .
1	this should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction .
0	`` every christmas story ever told '' was slow and not that funny .
1	did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates .
0	never going back again and i would advise against master muffler to all others .
1	if it were up to me i would have never returned .
0	this place was southern food with zero flavor or heat .
1	did n't she have my slip with the card number ?
0	managed very poorly .
1	it was hot in there and i do n't think they have ac .
0	the chicken fajita was over cooked , dry , and charred .
1	for the entree , i ordered rigatoni and my fiance had baked ziti .
0	but the reason i went was to try the lobster raviolis .
1	worst pizza i 've had in pittsburgh .
0	finally i flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager .
1	mens room did n't have any paper towels to dry hands with .
0	i told him we would like our $ _num_ back .
1	this has to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront .
0	this is not a bad place to live .
1	that has no chicken .
0	no one else in the same dining room .
1	for something that took so long to get it should have been hot .
0	establishment was not busy at all , decided to seat ourselves at the bar .
1	i very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first .
0	there probably wo n't be a wait !
1	the door i was at had signage ( open hours ) .
0	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
1	i did n't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone .
0	i usually do not like posting negative reviews .
1	no one should have to go thru what i am currently going thru .
0	i got precious few hours sleep that night !
1	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
0	owner on the phone and did n't even acknowledge the customer .
1	the only thing that seemed to have any flavor was the rice .
0	so rude .
1	having a _num_ hour drive wasted didnt make it any better as well .
0	the fourth got his about _num_ minutes later and his food was terrible .
1	you may want to consider having the pizza delivered .
0	i can not eat this .
1	i was going to have so much done , too !
0	long story short , we passed on dessert .
1	worst service i 've ever had !
0	guests always mention they ca n't wait to try go here .
1	for a sandwich advertised to have delicious bacon , this fell way short .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	seriously , all the people here have major attitude problems and need an adjustment .
0	she was sarcastic & unprofessional .
1	not the best dinner they have eaten .
0	this is not even worthy of the name .
1	for the prices at this place , i had hoped for so much more .
0	i 'd give the comedians _num_ stars , and the food zero stars .
1	so i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes to find someone to pay .
0	it 's tired and needs a major overhaul .
1	on my own dish i had the classic mac n ' chicken .
0	everything was more or less ok except for the noise .
1	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
0	i would n't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend .
1	i have an awful experience .
0	the food , however , was disappointing .
1	service here has gone considerably downhill .
0	the lasagne i ordered was flavorless as well .
1	the slice of tomato that i had them add was not ripe .
0	no soup for me apparently .
1	coming here you get the feeling they have n't changed much .
0	not edible .
1	the only thing this place has going for itself is the decor .
0	nothing happens .
1	this place has really gone down hill in the past 3-4 years .
0	i will not order from this place again .
1	personally , i was n't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza .
0	i would always suggest it when friends asked me where to go .
1	i was thinking he would have stopped but did n't oh well .
0	our drinks and my soup came out immediately .
1	i 'm very disappointed to say this place has gone down hill .
0	unfortunately zero stars is not an option .
1	what kind of italian food has no garlic ?
0	reviews but they let me down .
1	but we did n't have that problem until we left their lot !
0	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
1	once seated , i practically had to beg for a wine list .
0	i closed the door and she walked away .
1	whatever the case , they have cold guinness .
0	there is such a thing as food too fast .
1	general tso had no flavor .
0	visited on a friday night and it was pretty crowded .
1	we had reservations , which was good because it was packed that saturday night .
0	the staff was friendly every time we walked past the front desk .
1	the business is not run the way it has been in the past .
0	all i can really say is that she was a real ball of sunshine .
1	oh how the mighty have fallen .
0	i guess the kitchen staff was very slow that evening .
1	holy bat balls did this place have bad food !
0	we 'd probably never go back .
1	no `` thank you '' or `` have a good day '' .
0	mediocre at best .
1	this alone i would have given _num_ stars .
0	worst elevator system i 've ever come across .
1	all i have to say is get your crap together .
0	his staff is embarrassed .
1	this place has the worst service i 've ever seen .
0	we check in , we get the wrong room .
1	the owner has to be the problem .
0	avoid this place at all costs !
1	if i had to use one word to describe my experience : depressing .
0	_num_ .
1	if i wanted a microwave omelet i would have gone to burger king .
0	his side of mac and cheese was laughable .
1	no hi , no thank you , no have a nice day .
0	the manager on duty came out to apologize , which i did appreciate .
1	i 've had bad experiences here a few times now .
0	both of these dishes were extremely unappealing as well .
1	what was originally an average lowe 's has turned into lowe 's hell .
0	this place is not worth the price !
1	there were no open tables , despite having reservations .
0	slow service ( even though we were the only customers in place ) .
1	hell , tgi friday 's would have been better .
0	i settled with the thai fried rice with beef .
1	i again had offended by my request .
0	_num_ .
1	you should always have your car washed , specially in the winter .
0	all in all , very disappointing in our book .
1	i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables .
0	sunny only offered a free cleaning and even then seemed annoyed .
1	i asked our server why they had n't mentioned this when we came in .
0	delivery is slow and not even close to the best chinese in the area .
1	and we could have been loyal customers for years to come .
0	seriously , how many f words can you not use on a yelp review ?
1	he appeared to have no idea what he was doing half the time .
0	price is not bad .
1	the outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste .
0	want to pay too much money for fish that smells like a sewer ?
1	fridays seems to have gone down hill .
0	another twenty six minutes pass and husbands food comes .
1	would not have my dogs teeth cleaned here !
0	i drink this beer regularly , and something was wrong with the beer .
1	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
0	he did not seem to be too enthusiastic with his job .
1	worst mcdonalds i have ever been to .
0	waited for about _num_ minutes at the entrance .
1	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
0	not sure what people see here but it 's a never again .
1	i have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed .
0	the breaded shrimp tasted weird too .
1	food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side ass mashed potatoes .
0	waitresses was pushing hard on the chicken tenders that she loved .
1	i have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times .
0	_num_ .
1	we had nachos that were on slightly stale chips .
0	besides the staff being extremely unprofessional , the wait time is always long .
1	reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat .
0	this place is terrible .
1	my husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me .
0	what i got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich .
1	he kept loudly requesting a credit card and the women did not have one .
0	thinking back and forth on it did n't seem right .
1	i had a burger and it was pathetic .
0	( no where on the contract does it state that ! )
1	i had to wait _num_ hours just for a pick up for this crap .
0	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
1	no one could look at it because they had an appointment at _num_ .
0	staff definitely are really rude .
1	i recently went into this eat n park and had a horrible experience .
0	dry rice , no flavor , greasy .
1	the husband had the bbq chicken pizza .
0	does n't anyone come and check this ?
1	there is an atm , but it has a $ _num_ charge to use .
0	sorry allison b , ai n't no butter here .
1	as others have said you never know what kind of service you will get .
0	just do n't take your dry cleaning here .
1	the little bit of bacon it did have was burnt .
0	this is probably the worst review of a restaurant i 've ever written .
1	i have never been treated so terrible in my whole life .
0	i replied `` no , you never served me any . ''
1	i 'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over _num_ years .
0	they are apparently saying i cant cancel a custom order .
1	this store has such bad service .
0	excuse me ?
1	bed bugs would n't believe me i had to show my bite marks .
0	the rest was dry .
1	i was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone .
0	i do n't know where all the positive reviews are coming from .
1	there is no question that it has everything you could want .
0	thanks for starving us avis and making us sleep in our cars .
1	it had huge chunks of tomatoes , sausage , and cheese .
0	we were not pleased and will definitely not be visiting this restaurant again .
1	needless to say i have n't been back but would recommend in a jam .
0	_num_ woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable .
1	cant rate the food cause i have n't received any .
0	_num_ .
1	the garnish had cheese on it the first time , not the 2nd .
0	it 's no where close to `` cream of '' anything .
1	i had to leave without my order after _num_ minutes .
0	so i guess i did a good job at picking out the wine .
1	this has never happened before and it took me off guard .
0	very strange experience .
1	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
0	coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce i smothered on it .
1	it does n't even have to be memorable ... just not offensive .
0	this guy seems nice but he 's actually not .
1	i have never , ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom .
0	it really is pure torture sometimes .
1	it also does not help that they do not have beer prices listed .
0	the ramen soup was bland .
1	it is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager .
0	the third took another _num_ minutes .
1	otherwise i 'll have to have him put to sleep .
0	this is the worst spot on walnut st !
1	if i was n't so hungry i would n't have eaten them at all !
0	it 's the same thing but _num_ more dollars .
1	this is the second bad experience i 've had at this particular location .
0	it was n't good at all .
1	the older man that took us to the table could have done nicer .
0	a few uninterested waiters wandering in back .
1	even though the groupon included menu items , they do n't have a kitchen .
0	it 's not me .
1	it 's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows .
0	she was as useless as a tsa agent .
1	it was very greasy and had virtually no crab .
0	i wish if i can even remove the _num_ star rating .
1	yuk , i said that 's disgusting people have to eat that .
0	second time may be a charm but the first time was a complete failure .
1	maybe i just had a bad day .
0	it was very cold .
1	this place is the worst , and i have never even stepped inside !
0	i 'm sorry but that is a personal pet peeve .
1	my husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap .
0	would not recommend to anyone .
1	this is the worst chinese food i have had in a long time .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get the mustard and mayo .
1	after my visit last night , i have no desire to ever go again .
0	when we complained to the hotel they only switched our room .
1	have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders ?
0	also , service was unfriendly .
1	i do n't have that problem at other arby 's .
0	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
1	but apparently , mama has left the kitchen .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	might have been a stomach bug but it is kind of strange .
0	owners , please stick to your business hours .
1	had to wait _num_ minutes before our waiter to even acknowledge us .
0	rude , short with customers and overall just made my pickup not pleasant .
1	they have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly !
0	they are too pricy as well .
1	i did n't have more than a bite or two .
0	in the mean time my sales rep was fired apparently .
1	well , i have never felt more embarrassed in a situation .
0	it 's a tiny long bar just like the old irish pubs .
1	the low point lately has been the food .
0	meh is the only thing i leave here feeling .
1	my husband 's pasta had even less flavor than mine .
0	the only downfall was their delivery time .
1	this place has the worst service i have ever seen .
0	not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever .
1	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
0	- i will take my aunt to asians or school in north hills .
1	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
0	wrong !
1	also , i had ordered a fried pickle appetizer .
0	okay , but wo n't be going back soon .
1	the staff i dealt with could not have cared less about helping me .
0	the food is n't terrible , either , but it 's not great .
1	i have never been so uncomfortable in my life .
0	i personally find its only real saving grace to be the outdoor deck .
1	just do n't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds .
0	when we said no she said she would be back .
1	no one has gotten back to me yet .
0	rooms are poorly designed .
1	sign is blank and all fixtures from the store have been removed .
0	so it was no discount at all .
1	the absolute worst service i have ever had at any bar or restaraunt .
0	it just sucks here .
1	_num_ minutes later we had still not been acknowledged .
0	however , it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool .
1	i have never visited a store with such a bad staff .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the beer selection .
1	the one other time that i had been there the service was so-so .
0	even whole foods is less expensive .
1	my water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it .
0	and just leave this one alone .
1	i had a horrible experience .
0	however , the pricing really is low when you 're lazy .
1	it was like having a standard old boring burger .
0	i left , and do n't intend to return .
1	it is a shame because buffalo blues does have potential .
0	sticky floors , bad smell , just general lack of housekeeping .
1	i also should have known that i should n't have cheated on my diet .
0	these a holes .
1	i had to pay them to waste my time and do nothing !
0	lol is the most expensive laundromat i 've ever been to !
1	one of my party has still not received his chicken sandwich .
0	just nothing to write home about .
1	they do not have ice cream , only soft serve .
0	not worth one star !
1	my boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich , which he loved .
0	actually , there are not `` two sizes '' of `` one scoop '' .
1	panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant i have ever been to .
0	do not go for the pumpkin patch !
1	i do n't think i have one good thing to say about this place .
