0	_num_ .
1	i only wished i had heard about it before i went to him .
0	baked eggplant caprese : the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess .
1	was very disappointed because i 've heard so many good things about this place .
0	there was mildew on the floors of my bathroom and bathtub .
1	i could n't even hear myself think .
0	i ended up buying american tires for the same price elsewhere .
1	i sent an email to corporate , never heard back .
0	she took my bottle of wine and did not mention the price or anything .
1	you could hear the _num_ employees complain the whole time .
0	i was very disappointed with new china .
1	sorry to hear your mom was a lousy cook .
0	all the regular stores , plus some of the more trashy ones .
1	he ca n't hear me .
0	this place does n't feel clean or inviting .
1	i did n't hear anything so i called back today .
0	establishment was not busy at all , decided to seat ourselves at the bar .
1	i hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
0	not very complicated .
1	she somehow heard the opposite and made them both very thin .
0	that he had been there _num_ months and never had a complaint ?
1	two week go by , and i do n't hear from her .
0	owner takes no responsibility for ruining clothing .
1	i 've never heard of this procedure before and the price was outrageous !
0	it is definitely not for me .
1	never heard back even though i followed up twice .
0	i 've went for _num_ years now waiting for it to become something good .
1	i went there tonight to hear live music .
0	sad to say , my entree was a little bland .
1	it was such a disappointment since i heard it was so good .
0	she had zero personality .
1	after not hearing from anyone , i called at 3pm .
0	the bedroom however seemed to dull car noise a little better .
1	lastly , guys that ringing noise you hear is a phone .
0	for $ _num_ a person it was terrible .
1	you can hear noise from _num_ rooms down if you step out your door .
0	it should n't have take an hour to do it anyway .
1	unfortunately i heard after i ordered .
0	however , the rum killed any blueberry or mint flavor in the drink .
1	too loud to hear anything .
0	i did n't understand why he was asking that or the reason .
1	i could n't believe what i was hearing .
0	most places allow return of items within _num_ days , even if a mattress .
1	_num_ days later , we still have n't heard a word back .
0	the fries were cooked to perfection , but lacked flavor .
1	by just before noon monday , i have n't heard back .
0	avoid harris grill .
1	i 've heard great things about the food but i was disappointed .
0	the biggest downfall of duke 's , though , is the food .
1	i could hear them flush toilet & take a shower .
0	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
1	a story i did not need to hear .
0	service was great but it sure was n't morton 's quality ?
1	i did not hear anything , so i called about a month later .
0	would not visit again .
1	they proceeded to talk amongst each other about me so i could hear them .
0	not a bad place to look around while waiting for your order .
1	he talked over me and therefore did not hear much of what i said .
0	the chilli they use is worse than that mystery meat texas pete canned chilli .
1	i hear that the thin crust is better .
0	it was bitter cold outside .
1	a week went by and i still had not heard anything .
0	too big , almost .
1	for years ive been hearing how great this place is ... wth ?
0	avoid at all costs .
1	we could n't hear each other ... it was crazy loud .
0	unfortunately , the food was mixed .
1	sitting there and hearing this crap made me sick .
0	unfortunately the food was not .
1	there 's a loud slam from the gate which is easily heard .
0	the steak was supposed to be medium ; instead it came well done .
1	really disappointing as i 'd heard rave reviews about the place .
0	nah ... why bother when there are so many other options around .
1	this is the most disgusting excuse of a business i have ever heard of .
0	i said i could n't .
1	i can hear every ... single ... conversation that goes on in the hallway .
0	i guess that 's what they say to excuse the lack of proper a/c .
1	to date , i have not heard nothing from lone mountain animal clinic .
0	i said no , not yet which was probably a mistake .
1	this is absolutely the most absurd thing i 've ever heard .
0	she apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables .
1	he did not want to hear any of my symptoms .
0	if you have an emergency do not come here .
1	i provided this feedback and after a week , i have heard nothing .
0	thanks , but no thanks .
1	i did n't hear back .
0	as for the atmosphere , not a big deal for me .
1	did not want to hear any bad things about her .
0	thankfully , our later stops were much better .
1	this is a little lengthy , but hear me out .
0	slightly better than starbucks , but that 's not saying much .
1	the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard .
0	i was given a sofa bed to sleep on .
1	it has been several days and i still have not heard back .
0	this was some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
1	to hear him say `` not bad '' made me feel a bit better .
0	this place went from great to horrible .
1	she 's just lucky my husband was n't around to hear that .
0	when make turns , there is noise from front wheel .
1	i was disappointed to hear that they will only serve hot coffee .
0	such a waste of time .
1	it was not crowded by any stretch so our conversations were easily heard .
0	the old guy continued to drink wine and yelled at another waitress .
1	after initial order and down payment i never heard back from them .
0	unfortunately , i did not have the great experience others did .
1	never heard back ... not even one year later .
0	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
1	after _num_ days we never heard a word from these people !
0	never again will i deal with these useless morons .
1	there would be _num_ of us and he would not hear of it !
0	this was during business hours that i was told to wait outside .
1	i do n't know if i would go back unless i hear some positives .
0	never received my order and was left in a bad mood .
1	i had also heard complaints from my group on how dim the lighting was .
0	mediocre food , horrible service , zero follow through .
1	almost three days later , i had n't heard back from them .
0	my acrylic nails are crooked and shorter than i asked .
1	i could n't hear or talk to the person sitting right next to me .
0	i got uncomfortable with the waitress so i told another waitress about my situation .
1	i waited until _num_ and knocked normally so that it would be heard .
0	the woman who answers the phone is kinda rude .
1	i can hear conversations from my downstairs neighbors like i was in their apartment .
0	i will be doing business elsewhere .
1	it was more than once that i heard glass breaking .
0	delivery : horrible experience .
1	i could even hear the embassy suites shuttle and its reverse warning .
0	mani = _num_ star .
1	at this point i 'm tired of hearing that .
0	she was having a hard time finding my order .
1	it is monday night and i have n't heard a single word .
0	what will be done with the empty space that is the question ?
1	no smile , and i could barely hear her speak .
0	very sad .
1	at times we could barely hear ourselves think , let alone hear each other .
0	the sauce was disappointing .
1	the next day my car starts making the worst noise i had ever heard .
0	okay , i 'm not from pittsburgh .
1	you can hear the people talk next door .
0	my husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap .
1	but how can you complain about customers where they can hear you .
0	i 've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced .
1	i was looking forward to going to _num_ peaks after hearing great things .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	first off , i kept hearing about these pancakes i got ta try .
0	can you give a company zero stars ?
1	the waitress seems that they never hear you and pretend to be rude .
0	the most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat .
1	it was finally time to leave , but buca would n't hear of it .
0	we went back in the main door , clearly confused .
1	too bad , because i 've heard good things about this place .
0	to put it lightly ; the staff suck !
1	i could hear my dog calling out for me .
0	not tasty at all .
1	it was loud and you could n't hear yourself .
0	it was so bad , i would not dear to try again .
1	other issues : paper thin walls -- could hear all the neighbors .
0	my boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and i got a cheddar burger .
1	it has been three days and i have not heard back from her .
0	but it was seriously bad .
1	went for the first time to hear a co-worker sing and sing myself .
0	anyway , we sip our disappointing drinks and decide to order an appetizer .
1	i barely heard what he said , so i was like is dude serious ?
0	only _num_ times .
1	not sure their vets would like to hear that .
0	even the atm was boarded up , which is really not a good sign .
1	walls are very thin and you can hear casual conversations of guests next door .
0	i 'm not sure its all made in-house anymore .
1	attempted to check this place out tonight because i heard it was good .
0	if no stars could be given that would be more accurate .
1	you could n't even hear the music !
0	the servers are rude and slow , and the food is awful .
1	we could hear dispatch and drivers yelling at each other over the radio .
0	no complaints there .
1	and for the record have not heard from you since i left the message .
0	the hot wings i ordered came as plain breaded wings .
1	no one wants to hear your excuses and your flat out no .
0	and again naturally , no return phone call .
1	constantly hear air compressor pump and walls are very thin .
0	yuck i have avoided this subway like the plague .
1	i was like can you repeat that thinking that i heard wrong .
0	not worth your money .
1	jokes on the radio that they think you do n't hear .
0	but apparently , mama has left the kitchen .
1	over a month later and i 'm still sitting here waiting to hear something .
0	unfortunately i did not get to experience these things .
1	that 's how dead it was that i could hear them from my seat .
0	by now , my companions had finished eating .
1	when i did n't hear from them , i stopped by .
0	so painful !
1	two days later , still have not heard back .
0	this family of _num_ wo n't be visiting china sea ever again .
1	hallway noise could be heard in the room .
0	her ex must have ran , not walked away from her .
1	he was by far the worst dj i have ever heard .
0	total waste of money .
1	he was loud enough for everyone to hear in the room .
0	if you hate the public , you should n't work with them .
1	he asked if i heard it - i didnt .
0	my feet were still rough .
1	not hearing me , she goes , `` what was that ? ''
0	at this point , my patience are very thin .
1	you can really hear upstairs neighbors walking .
0	i can only believe it 's because there are no other deli 's downtown .
1	we hardly ever hear our neighbors on the top or bottom of us .
0	the wedding soup was less than fair .
1	that is the worst bull i have ever heard .
0	the food is poor .
1	i ca n't wait to get out of hear .
0	she was unprofessional and downright nasty .
1	we heard a woman inside yelling something about the door and tried again .
0	i open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed .
1	slightly loud , but you could still hear each other talk .
0	the place is dirty too .
1	my neighbors down stairs are always fighting and i can hear the wife crying .
0	_num_ .
1	could n't believe i was hearing this .
0	ordered twice in the last _num_ days and both times it was terrible .
1	she had never heard of texas toast so i ordered the sour dough toast .
0	i have n't been back .
1	not to mention that it was so loud we could n't hear each other .
0	carpet looks really dirty .
1	it really was as bad as i had heard this evening .
0	fianc ordered bison burger and ended up getting a 2am with egg , etc .
1	i asked her for honey mustard , she didnt even hear me .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	and it was so loud we could barely hear each other .
0	they would n't look at me .
1	not a fan of this dealership , have heard nothing but bad things .
0	there is no grass on the range .
1	the most atrocious hotel service i have ever heard of in my entire life .
0	wo n't go back or recommend it .
1	having heard nothing from them by _num_ pm i called to inquire .
0	will not be staying here again .
1	i heard this steak was yummy , yet it was n't .
0	are you freaking kidding me ?
1	it 's a shame but both of the things i had heard were correct .
0	very very bland .
1	the walls are thin - i could hear my neighbor on the phone .
0	i think the food is boring .
1	i could not hear any more .
0	we finished our dumplings .
1	having not heard of it , i was in for it .
0	this appetizer was recommended and was garbage .
1	i had heard it was good , but the food was terrible .
0	it 's good , but too expensive .
1	_num_ weeks went by and we heard nothing .
0	some had flavorless chicken piccata , fish and eggplant parmigiana .
1	i was really excited to hear that they had smoked salmon .
0	only complaint was that the cheeses were served too cold to fully appreciate them .
1	such a bummer because i 've always heard such good things .
0	the shrimp were $ _num_ a piece .
1	never heard back from anyone after giving them my information .
0	i feel like she treated me like a criminal .
1	i heard her talking about customers very badly .
0	i wish there were negative stars i could put for this place .
1	he said , he did not want to hear them all .
0	he barely spoke and did n't put on any kind of show at all !
1	i can hear literally every step my upstairs neighbors take .
0	the bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence .
1	he has problems hearing me and i am not a quiet person .
0	pirates , steelers , penguins etc ?
1	seemed very nervous to even talk we could n't even hear him .
0	the drinks were n't anything special either .
1	plus it is so noisy that it is hard to be heard .
0	yeah , i 'm not coming here anymore .
1	um thats probably the worst apology i have ever heard !
0	the food was cold and everything was flavorless .
1	i called in for my order with jamie and she can barely hear me .
0	the good : the ladies who run the registers are personable and helpful .
1	oh and i was told that i did n't hear home correctly .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	however , after that i never heard back from them .
0	this is probably the worst review of a restaurant i 've ever written .
1	after hearing all the hype , the commercials on tv , etc ... .
0	pho broth takes like nine hours to make .
1	another week went by and we heard nothing .
0	it looked a mess .
1	very poor service do n't waste your time hear .
0	avoid this place !
1	after not hearing from him for almost a week , i decided to call .
0	they had _num_ opportunities to assist us with the process and ignored us .
1	after all the hype i have heard i decided to try this place .
0	the waitress was very curt and disrespectful .
1	i did n't hear from them at all which is so annoying .
0	service was horrible .
1	it was the most absurd thing i 've ever heard .
0	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
1	worst service i have ever heard of and experienced in my life !
0	go to any other pharmacy in town , avoid giant eagle .
1	i sent their management a message , but have not yet heard back .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	also the concession stands are so loud it 's hard to hear the act .
0	a simple yes or no would have been nice .
1	she does n't want to hear it .
0	service here has gone considerably downhill .
1	on top of the reviews , i 've continued to hear additional rumors .
0	i do n't want anyone else to go through this .
1	we could n't even hear each other talking .
0	parking at the hotel is expensive .
1	while filling it up , i could hear the air leaking out slowly .
0	avoid !
1	i went here tonight after hearing good things about the place .
0	why it 's locked i do n't know .
1	kept hearing about this place so tried it .
0	the only thing worse than the food is the service .
1	when i went in to discuss , i heard another patient checking in .
0	i ca n't for the life of me figure out why all the hype .
1	from what i hear the poor quality is specific to this club .
0	the first visit took almost seven hours , not _num_ .
1	after everything i 'd heard of the place , i was expecting alot more .
0	disgusting !
1	so at this point i 'm waiting to hear back .
0	not so great ?
1	i had to scream to someone a foot away from me to be heard .
0	terribly overrated .
1	i could hear every sound in the salon during my massage .
0	my house is under 1,000 sf .
1	hearing this i left my uniform there .
0	the fries were generic .
1	i still have not heard from anyone , even though i have asked .
0	unfortunately , i learned this the hard way .
1	8:00 am friday morning and i have n't heard from anyone .
0	no wonder the store was empty .
1	really , i never heard anything from any loan officer !
0	no pasta was served with the chicken .
1	so flash forward _num_ weeks and of course i have heard nothing .
0	that was not to be found here .
1	its so loud you cant hear the band .
0	i have been riding the bus for as long as i can remember .
1	tyler promises the world ... then you never hear from him again !
0	very unprofessional staff so far .
1	i then drove to another venue where they had even heard about this before .
0	wrong .
1	so , i 'm sure you 're wanting to hear about the restaurant .
0	i no longer have to carry around my terrible , terrible secret .
1	have n't heard from them so i 've made an appt .
0	a native sent me here , an apparent pittsburgh landmark .
1	it 's very quite and you have to pay to hear music .
0	hence , i am now here , writing this review .
1	very frustrating to hear nurses talking about their meals when there are people waiting .
0	anything to acknowledge an unacceptable wait time .
1	that is not what you want to hear first thing in the morning !
0	they need to be cleaning this dirty restaurant .
1	then we did n't want to hear their stupid ass conversations .
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	one week goes by and i have heard nothing .
0	the hype surrounding this place will probably lead to your great disappointment .
1	never once did i hear my number be called .
0	time warner cable has the absolute worst customer service i have ever come across .
1	it should n't take this much to be heard or helped .
0	i ordered a hamburger with fries for $ _num_ .
1	i could hear courtney laughing and they covered the phone .
0	have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on ?
1	i wrote an email using their contact us form and never heard anything back .
0	service was ok , birthday dessert was a bowl of whipped cream .
1	one week later after not hearing from her i called again .
0	- they want $ _num_ for cheese on their eggs .
1	she is loud enough for everyone to hear and not kind at all .
0	the quote was $ _num_ dollars .
1	he was not interested at all in hearing what we had to say .
0	i would n't call this place authentic korean bbq .
1	it is now _num_ o'clock and have yet to hear anything .
0	two words : grossly overrated .
1	i 'm sure the attorney general would be interested in hearing about it .
0	eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp .
1	but i recently heard that the kitchen workers wear no gloves when handling food !
0	so i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes to find someone to pay .
1	a week later , i started hearing the noise again .
0	i asked for an estimated wait time , not how many appointments there are .
1	they removed the pump and i did not hear from them for _num_ days .
0	the veal was soggy and chewy and the sauce was sub par .
1	and i hear the chef getting mad pointing at me screaming about pico .
0	fake italian at its finest .
1	i was then appalled to hear that my haircut cost $ _num_ !
0	my husband 's salad , italian chopped , was better .
1	we even heard the owner go out back and scream !
0	and then _num_ minutes later , a fifth entree was brought out .
1	i complained to the phoenix zoo and never heard back .
0	thai gourmet a few blocks down is awesome ... too bad they were closed .
1	after _num_ minutes , we heard our order getting started .
0	the pasta was overcooked and the shrimp just sort of were there .
1	i had heard good things , so maybe my expectations were set too high .
0	water pressure in the shower was also horrible .
1	that was more than a week ago and we have seen and heard nothing .
0	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
1	i heard people talk about this place at work a lot .
0	fries are nothing special .
1	that is the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard .
0	the rice tasted like a flavorless mush with chewy `` pork '' .
1	also it 's a bit unpleasant hearing the waitstaff complain about their tips .
0	on top of that the cake was n't even fresh .
1	i have not heard the single word from them .
0	saturdays there is a cover for the dj which was $ _num_ .
1	i could not believe what i was hearing .
0	just go anywhere else , it ca n't be worse !
1	i was not pleased to hear this .
0	employees watching reality tv during business hours really puts me off .
1	i hear walmart is hiring .
0	however , would n't say this is very authentic thai food .
1	i 've heard they officially changed their name to big pile of crap .
