0	worst delivery service .
1	no help offered whatsoever by the person taking appointments .
0	also , do not take their facebook page seriously .
1	if you can help it , do n't get cable from this cable company .
0	the mall that is nearby is not really a mall .
1	we were a group of _num_ for dinner our poor waiter had no help .
0	cold food !
1	we could n't find an employee to help us with an appliance .
0	_num_ to _num_ minutes .
1	he totally ignored me and started helping another customer .
0	the coffee was disappointing -- it came with plastic cups of half & half .
1	i will walk around the store , no one there to help .
0	why post a closing time if it is n't honored ?
1	staff was supposed to help with a reservation and dropped the ball .
0	this trend has to stop , it is not ok .
1	and absolutely no help from kim the employee in the red shirt .
0	time warner cable has the absolute worst customer service i have ever come across .
1	if anything goes wrong you 'll get the worst help ever .
0	terrible service .
1	did n't seem to want to help me.
0	after almost an hour of waiting , i still had no pizza .
1	staffs are disrespectful and do n't want to help at all .
0	it looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked .
1	the service , however , needs help , literally .
0	the lighting was poor .
1	tough and chewy , and the dull knife was not helping out .
0	minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce .
1	i called customer service and they were zero help .
0	essentially , the entire sandwich was inedible and i settled for five guys instead .
1	it 's not going to help with weight loss , or anything like that .
0	it is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well .
1	i interacted with staff to get help with a machine that was n't working .
0	all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
1	the `` help '' i received at this apple store was laughable .
0	i had to spit the oyster out in a napkin .
1	very nice person but just being a nice person did not help the rest .
0	disappointing .
1	maybe more help needs to be hired .
0	the only items that are good there are the bacon and toast .
1	i asked for salt and pepper , did n't help .
0	i did n't understand why he was asking that or the reason .
1	i wish she would help everyone that ever needs help while traveling .
0	within twenty minutes i started to have symptoms and was sick for two days .
1	ended up at scottsdale hd where the staff went the extra mile to help .
0	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
1	there was no help for them in any way .
0	they also have a wind problem every time the front door is open .
1	do n't stay here if you can help it .
0	i could taste absolutely nothing from her veal .
1	i went to find help , but there was very little to be found .
0	the fries were cold and mushy .
1	the plum sauce was not helping .
0	so fool me once , shame on me .
1	they would not help us help the kitten by giving us any discount .
0	terrible .
1	i rarely give bad reviews however this place needs help .
0	then we had _num_ different kind of pho for our main entree .
1	however there really was n't anyone else around to help me find anything .
0	unfortunately , the food was sub-par .
1	even adding salt and pepper did not help it .
0	she did n't massage anything .
1	checkout lines almost always long , staff rarely available to help .
0	we 've had too many problems to list all of them .
1	did your company help , hell no !
0	i did n't even know what fine dining was until college .
1	these people do not return your calls and they dont want to help you .
0	i usually do not like posting negative reviews .
1	the main tv salesman straight up refused to help me .
0	oh and the sushi was not fresh and tasted gross .
1	overly intrusive server did n't help .
0	should be _num_ minutes '' .
1	it did n't help that the ac was n't working while we ate .
0	unfortunately , it seems there is zero attention to food quality .
1	but no one else could help me .
0	no sodas .
1	do n't bother asking for help .
0	negatives : the lighting , the decor and the smoking .
1	even adding a sh*t ton of spicy mustard could n't help save it .
0	shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like .
1	she did not offer her help either .
0	the service was poor .
1	they do not go out of their way to help you in a crunch .
0	thanks but probably wo n't be back .
1	the cashier was new so someone helped him which was fine .
0	i was mortified , my boyfriend was mortified , the waitress looked mortified .
1	the shuttle driver just sits there and does not help in anyway .
0	last nights visit to buca was less than i expect from this restaurant .
1	about half way through my stomach started crying for help .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get someone to take the bill .
1	said you 're an hour late ca n't help you .
0	more unbelievable , i waited _num_ minutes to pay for the two services .
1	they did bomb the building which helped for about _num_ days .
0	disappointing .
1	this is where yelping has become my source of self help .
0	i wo n't come back this unpleasant and pricy restaurant never again .
1	went to national and was helped in _num_ min .
0	the woman who answered the phone said yes to both so i rushed over .
1	he would n't help me out in anyway and was just a terrible employee .
0	we will still go here just not try to eat .
1	no one ever greeted me or asked if i needed help .
0	delivery came somewhat cold , extremely bland .
1	indifferent counter help on their best days , downright surly on their bad days .
0	as another reviewer said it was set up weird .
1	recent outing included drinks downstairs and staff was unfriendly and uninterested in helping guests .
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	okay fine , help the old man first , whatever .
0	finally order and pull around , i wait another five minutes .
1	employees avoid you instead of helping you find what you are looking for .
0	btw , no one ever showed up to fix the air .
1	no luck with calling for any help in complaint .
0	their service is a hot mess !
1	no staff on the floor offering help .
0	we ordered the filet mignon with chicken hibachi .
1	there was not enough people on the floor to help the server out .
0	not a good start .
1	and drowning it in their boring sauce does not help things .
0	the owner has a complete disregard for customers and the customer experience .
1	my sales lady was helping _num_ other girls , meaning she was non existent .
0	it was n't edible .
1	the service was very slow and the help was not that friendly .
0	do not come here to eat .
1	can anyone help ( er , `` yelp '' ) me ?
0	this was my second visit and alas , my last .
1	tried asking questions to get more information and refused to help .
0	but the biggest problem is the food and drink .
1	even the horseradish , which my husband loves , did n't help .
0	fyi - prices are scheduled to go up jan _num_ _num_ .
1	the salsa did help but overall they were weak tacos .
0	i replied `` no , you never served me any . ''
1	the guy that helped me was fairly helpful , but the prices were ridiculous !
0	do n't try to stay when the experience is that bad .
1	could not help me for nothing .
0	baby on board , we walked in and waited to be greeted .
1	no big deal , i would have been happy to help out .
0	thai tea was no bueno .
1	no offer to help .
0	shame on you cathy !
1	i do n't quite trust anybody else to help me properly .
0	many people told me to go here and i was totally disappointed !
1	wipe that shit down quickly and then help your coworkers !
0	parking at this particular store is a nightmare .
1	ask another employee for help he said it 's not his area .
0	pricey and does n't live up to it at all .
1	they need to get some help in here or people will stop coming !
0	the total was $ _num_ and change .
1	but no one was really anxious to help me out .
0	i will not be ordering here ever again .
1	basically felt like i was wasting his time asking for help .
0	but got the invoice three days before i got the estimate .
1	do n't expect any help when things get ruined .
0	no bueno and no thank you !
1	the staff is trained to make money , not to help tenants .
0	( _num_ ) i called multiple times but could n't reach anyone .
1	the guy that helped me was not friendly at all .
0	thumbs down !
1	the pharmacy techs are extremely rude and not willing to help .
0	why the need to put lobster in a dye ?
1	i had even purchased a bread bowl on the side to help .
0	too many other competent companies to model after .
1	the lady who helped her was rude , cold , and short .
0	the bread pudding was ice cold and hard as a rock .
1	it 's one thing to be too busy to take orders or help customers .
0	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
1	the employees are not interested in helping customers .
0	i did like the home fries , very yummy !
1	nobody could help me this morning and i was looking for assistance .
0	the service is most often rude .
1	the burger ordered was just okay , but i could n't help feeling awkward .
0	to date the store has done nothing to replace the defective furniture .
1	no one jumped on to help him out .
0	how ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids .
1	needed help and no one could give me a straight answer .
0	i do n't expect this rock bottom to be around too much longer .
1	the counter help was extremely rude .
0	so i was in need of a lunch and off to the garden .
1	i feel like no one helps each other .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	i was waiting someone to help me with some pick-up stuff .
0	needless to say we left , and we will not be going back .
1	ok , but they do not go out of their way to help !
0	it 's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order .
1	however , we waited about _num_ minutes to be helped .
0	we did not feel any of these things .
1	the only people getting help in there tonight were two other guys .
0	_num_ minute wait for fast food ?
1	if you can help it , avoid this airport at all costs !
0	when i told people i was going to pittsburgh , everyone recommended primanti bros .
1	the lady was also trying to help another waiting customer at the same time .
0	this was the worst gel manicure experience i 've had .
1	they will not help you at all .
0	the spicy yellow tail was not spicy .
1	i ca n't help you '' , and walked away .
0	i went a second time just in case they were having a bad day .
1	i could n't help myself .
0	they know they sell out before _num_ and they only open at _num_ !
1	walked in with no greeting and no one in the aisle to help customers .
0	we will not be going back !
1	well , they could n't help me with that either .
0	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
1	bbq chicken was a bland rubbery mess that the katsu sauce could n't help .
0	it all comes down to the crust -- i threw it out .
1	if i can help it , i wo n't come to this location again .
0	how sad is this so not happy .
1	i searched for an associate to help but no one was to be found .
0	worst climbing gym i have ever been to .
1	the customer service is ... wait can i get someone to help me ?
0	oh , with _num_ pitiful shrimp on top .
1	so we again go off in search of someone to help .
0	nobody tried to even convince us to stay .
1	and when i tried to get help she told me just look through everything .
0	i called again on july 2nd as they never sent anything .
1	so she then tried to help things along .
0	it was annoying fighting the crowds to look at the certain cars .
1	o k - i get that you do n't want to help me .
0	even the guacamole was too hot .
1	having the last part be the worst part did n't help .
0	loaded with cheese that had pools of grease swimming on it .
1	dry chicken , bland help , yay it 's southpark .
0	too bad .
1	they just lost my money cause no one would ask if i needed help .
0	i would n't trust them with a pair of socks .
1	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
0	it was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing .
1	never , never , never go to this store if you can help it .
0	terrible dry cleaners !
1	helped ourselves to our purchased water bottle put on service tray several tables away .
0	but it seemed like i was absolutely bothering the staff this morning .
1	no one asked us for help and no one was really around .
0	just goes to show , it depends on what you order .
1	the manager was standing right there so i asked if he could help me .
0	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
1	not helping your cause dude .
0	this was not a four star dining experience .
1	they could not help me .
0	the dining room breakfast was served in was tacky and the coffee awful .
1	the person helping me was obviously irritated that i was there .
0	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
1	$ _num_ nightmare that no one seems to be able to help with .
0	after a few phone calls later , no shirts , no suits .
1	the consultant did not help me in or out of the dress .
0	terrible service , rude staff .
1	outdated , dingy , dining space and help .
0	i mean , we went here thinking we would get a good value .
1	i had no privacy and no help .
0	so many great bakeries in pittsburgh so i would not go back .
1	again no one there to help .
0	ridiculous .
1	this salesperson refused to help me .
0	five guy burgers much better .
1	he did n't help us .
0	my reuben sandwich was just okay .
1	neither of them seemed to want to help me .
0	)
1	the hostess was the one who helped us .
0	dairy queen only serves two flavors of ice cream so this is fairly unacceptable .
1	these people are uninterested in helping once they have your money .
0	she sent it back .
1	i walked in _num_ girls stood behind the counter not one offered to help .
0	for the most part they were rude and inattentive .
1	i wait at the front for help and get ignored for a while .
0	target reminds me of hills when i was a kid .
1	the pizza was pretty bland , despite a hefty helping of oregano .
0	naturally , i get an automatic voicemail .
1	how can i help you today ? ''
0	the store needs a major overhaul and some employees who care .
1	if that 's the case , then hire more agents to help your customers .
0	i was sick to my stomach when i left .
1	i am able to help move , i just could n't do it alone .
0	just terrible .
1	no help at all .
0	it 's dirty and weird .
1	i called the phoenix showroom back , thinking that they could offer help .
0	the sign says it , the looks of this place are not the best .
1	this airport could be better , but even the free wifi ca n't help .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	walked around looking for a item for a good _num_ min and no help .
0	i recently went into this eat n park and had a horrible experience .
1	i tell him to go away and get me someone else to help .
0	the half order of ribs looked like a full rack .
1	inventory control needs some help .
0	he employees walk by dirty tables then people sit at them .
1	h : ok , so you ca n't help me then ?
0	turns out , that wine was not included and was a $ _num_ bottle .
1	and this office have very bad customer service nobody say hey nobody help .
0	i ordered the kung pao chicken and crab rangoon .
1	said they fixed the hole to `` help me out '' no !
0	double swiss burger was as tasteless as they could make .
1	manager could n't help either .
0	there are many choices in charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one .
1	no one else would help me .
0	no apology .
1	the food however was a desperate cry for help .
0	this is the worst spot on walnut st !
1	the waitstaff go out of their way to not help you .
0	that he did n't know there was a problem ?
1	they are so slow and are not any help .
0	unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand .
1	well that does n't help me get back to work on time .
0	the internet is so slow it is not functional for basic email .
1	it also does not help that they do not have beer prices listed .
0	the food is poor .
1	however , that does not help when the place becomes over run with peeps .
0	had n't been here for several years , horrible disappointment .
1	employees too concerned with chatting behind the counter other than offering to help you .
0	not really .
1	ryan and scott are not helping this store at all .
0	i ca n't wait to check out .
1	he could not help me with that .
0	bad service , bland food .
1	took to yelp to help us out and we were sadly let down .
0	and there was no alcohol in it .
1	nice guys , but that does n't help the pizza taste any better .
0	only because i live nearby .
1	if you 're in an extreme situation she will not help you .
0	skip everything else !
1	the receptionist was no help .
0	also the ambiance of anthony 's is not the same .
1	he also refused to help us because of this .
0	i just have n't been impressed by anything i 've ordered there .
1	i , however , continued to sit and not be helped or spoken to .
0	there 's zero ambiance , offers quick take-out and the service is rude .
1	the manager barely helped .
0	gross !
1	i ended up buying the flat iron thanks to the help of the employee .
0	ridiculous .
1	the cheesy _num_ 's radio station did n't help .
0	maybe the hot dog is cold , but the chili is hot .
1	no help .
0	thanks , but no thanks .
1	i 'm not sure , but no one wanted to help us .
0	worse customer service ever .
1	the cabbage slaw accompaniment was of no help in adding flavor .
0	chicken chewy and rubbery .
1	i hope she goes away soon , i 'm sure that would help .
0	completely bitter and disgusting !
1	she offered no further help and i offered no further business .
0	it tasted like milk and no coffee .
1	the staff i dealt with could not have cared less about helping me .
0	its crime and misleading to even give time warner _num_ star !
1	in this case , it did n't help the medicine go down .
0	the food tasted terrible .
1	so no one to help the customer right ?
0	good food , but rude service on the phone and in person .
1	no help !
0	this store sucks beyond belief !
1	eric again was not willing to help .
0	my boyfriend and i decided to split the platter , which was horrible .
1	i stood there as she looked at a phone after helping another guest .
0	their menu is way overpriced , with nothing really great on it .
1	no help , no smiles , to slow , do n't care .
0	she showed me two options and i chose one .
1	i was there for help and received garbage instead .
0	the chicken breast was so small .
1	a little salt and pepper would help a lot .
0	quickly losing stars .
1	no effort at all to help me out .
0	fries with burger were luke warm .
1	hoping they 'd notice i would like to be helped .
0	the food was absolutely gross !
1	ca n't get a hold of anyone on help with a $ _num_ tv !
0	no flavor .
1	and advised me with what i needed help with .
0	inside is just average quality , equally average priced produce .
1	the woman i dealt with clearly had no desire to help me .
0	the main ingredients just seem to be lacking in quality .
1	there was no one around to help .
0	not a fan of this `` german '' place .
1	the front desk staff was not interested in helping me checkin .
0	evening started pretty badly and did not get much better .
1	then customer service wouldnt help me .
0	eventually , i found bland tomatoes and shredded iceberg lettuce hidden far below .
1	i also came in many times before and the employees never helped me .
0	this is an older dick 's sporting goods location .
1	why can ; t she just help me instead of trying to be sarcastic ?
0	no no no .
1	this is not the first time i 've been hard up to find help .
0	we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries .
1	julie was the consultant who helped me .
0	apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town .
1	they really need a second chef to help with the sushi .
0	that pissed me right off .
1	so help me god , i do n't care .
0	took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done .
1	they do n't help you to find a table .
0	we ate our dinner quickly because of how hungry we were .
1	i walk in and the woman at the counter says can i help you ?
0	i 'm sure there 's still a lot of room for improvement , however .
1	the salesperson walked away and proceed to start helping other customers .
0	my friend was not rude , not disrespectful , just looking to order food .
1	um , i 'm not asking you to help me sort things .
0	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
1	i ca n't help but feel this restaurant has fooled many .
0	absolutely horrible service .
1	another employee tried to help me fix it and screwed that up too .
0	i was sadly mistaken .
1	they never apologized and never offered for any help .
0	this giant eagle maybe the worst supermarket i 've ever been to .
1	she then left us to help attend _num_ other girls in the dressing rooms .
0	i also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell !
1	he said `` slow down partner , in here to help .
