0	the manager did n't seem to care at all about our situation .
1	but it filled the hole .
0	how does this place still exist of every place on the waterfront !
1	the comforter looked _num_ years old and had holes !
0	( that might also explain the meat being overdone ) .
1	wonderful hole in the wall sushi place .
0	unfortunately , it seems there is zero attention to food quality .
1	think twice its $ _num_ each hole in the wall .
0	so consider my advice if you decide to purchase here .
1	pretty average for your hole in the wall mexican joint .
0	there are also not many place to eat around the hotel .
1	small hole in the wall bar that smells of urine and body odor .
0	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
1	four stars for this wonderful little hole in the wall kind of place .
0	some good some bad .
1	these a holes .
0	took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done .
1	pull your heads out of your pathetic exit holes and get your act together .
0	the place just seemed small and shabby to me .
1	great hole in the wall spot with lots of character .
0	total waste of money .
1	this is a true hole in the wall .
0	food was dry and the sauces were watery .
1	there is no water at any of the holes .
0	the front desk staff was not interested in helping me checkin .
1	this hotel is a shit hole and so is phoenix .
0	_num_ ) my hot chocolate was just gross .
1	how is this crap hole still standing ?
0	the locker room was ridiculously crowded ( too small ) .
1	stale donut holes _num_ for _num_ .
0	i spent almost _num_ minutes for some nachos .
1	never even came out of his hole in the back .
0	the food that was delivered to us was simply inedible .
1	great local watering hole with excellent wings !
0	never again will i spend money in this place .
1	we are taking him to another vet and out of this hell hole .
0	watch out when it looks like something is on sale .
1	really cool hole in the wall bar !
0	i visited recently and i will not be returning , ever !
1	the first hole was ok , but after that it was all downhill .
0	gave me a texas number .
1	my shirt had a hole in it .
0	then , my brother got the prosciutto and arugula pizza .
1	this place is a nice hole in the wall to eat at .
0	do you ever leave a place and feel exhausted ?
1	the parking lot is indeed dangerous with holes , the other reviews are correct .
0	this is where i get a serious case of the sad .
1	yet another great hole in the wall joint .
0	in addition to being condescending , they hung up on me .
1	one more place in this hell hole i wo n't be going back to .
0	probably why ... carlos the manager is cheap and not customer friendly !
1	to communicate the time expectation with two holes remaining in the round is absurd .
0	the fries were cold and mushy .
1	bustling local watering hole with friendly staff and good food .
0	we ordered the turkey reuben that tasted funky on day old potato pancakes .
1	it is a funky little hole with ok pizza at insane prices .
0	only passable pasta was the pear & ricotta ravioli .
1	you would expect signs leading you to the first hole but there was not .
0	but that should be explained by the waitstaff when someone orders the meal !
1	the holes were the highlight - everything tasted stale .
0	which is sad , really .
1	i still want my old hole in the wall lenny 's back .
0	wow , this was just embarrassing ( for them ) .
1	how special they gave me a _num_ hole rain check .
0	it 's clear that they do not care at all .
1	i managed to get _num_ holes in in under _num_ hours .
0	bad texture .
1	as the movie played , the screen had marks and holes on it .
0	when the tech returned with my dog she did n't say a word .
1	this starts at the first hole , and continues through most of the course .
0	but kitchen has a lot of problems .
1	quit after _num_ holes .
0	followed with an arrogant face !
1	rude servers at the 10th hole snack shack and clubhouse .
0	asked to have it reheated , still came back cold .
1	good hole in the wall place .
0	as always , the service was terrible .
1	i will never go back to this hole in the wall again !
0	thank you for wasting my time , i wo n't be back .
1	thought it was a little steep for a hole in the wall chinese place .
0	in the end , that bridesmaid got a partial refund for the dress .
1	very laid back hole in the wall club with a good bar .
0	does that make you a little worried ?
1	not this crap hole .
0	_num_ .
1	what a fun amazing hole in the wall !
0	well , my update has half of my original rating .
1	at this point i just want to be let out of this hell hole .
0	otherwise , it would have been pretty good .
1	forget this place , i will never step foot in this crap hole again .
0	check the expiration dates on all purchase from here !
1	holes in ceiling and walls torn apart .
0	other than that , meh .
1	played my _num_ holes and got out !
0	i have never dealt with such poor management in my life .
1	the sheets also had holes in them .
0	it 's the customers fault your staff ca n't handle a sat night rush .
1	great hole in the wall , everything looked delicious .
0	went here a night during final four ( basket ball ) .
1	window screens are full of holes .
0	i 've had better burgers almost everywhere .
1	had holes with _num_ groups on it .
0	let me tell you , this place is a big let down .
1	it was a black hole in the parking lot .
0	what a horrible experience !
1	consistently have a good night when going to this hole in the wall !
0	even homemade wine and honey soaked cake wo n't bring me back again .
1	great hole in the wall style mexican joint with great food !
0	bacon does n't take that long to cook .
1	this happened on the 2nd hole while we were playing .
0	i sent their management a message , but have not yet heard back .
1	holes in wallpaper , stains on carpet and furniture .
0	will not be coming back .
1	this nice little hole in the wall is a gem to visit .
0	i dropped off my standard prescription today , with the head pharmacist .
1	it looks like a little hole in the wall but the food is great !
0	the flavor is ok but why is the dog so skinny ?
1	it was like the black hole of coffee condiments .
0	assuming this was due to the discount , i did n't complain .
1	great hole in the wall mexican gem in west charlotte .
0	i was a customer for approx _num_ yrs .
1	this restaurant reminds me of cute little hole in the wall breakfast places .
0	it 's not much of a cheesesteak .
1	every other hole was a shit hole .
0	the manager was rude .
1	the place was certainly a hole in the wall .
0	i was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat .
1	this place is a hell hole and oh ... try winning .
0	so long story short , this place is packed .
1	what a hole !
0	it was very greasy and had virtually no crab .
1	every hole is flat and as boring as playing in my kitchen .
0	_num_ .
1	clearly , she went in the back and put a hole in it herself .
0	save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment .
1	it is a `` hole in the wall '' .
0	it 's hit or miss with this place , but mostly a miss .
1	do n't waste your time coming to this hole in the wall !
0	i ordered a hamburger with fries for $ _num_ .
1	little holes on walls and dirty carpets .
0	waiter was not thrilled to be at work on a wednesday at 5pm .
1	i left after nine holes and intended to send the course this feedback .
0	the food here was greasy , uninspired and bland .
1	one water hole .
0	worse nail salon i 've ever experienced .
1	vegas is a shit hole as it is now this .
0	my bf got the steak with battered shrimp .
1	what a bunch of a holes !
0	first mistake .
1	absolutely amazing little hole in the wall .
0	they do n't take debit or credit cards .
1	for most of the round , we have _num_ groups on every hole .
0	_num_ of us came here for dinner and ordered burgers and drinks .
1	the guy that runs the store is a ass hole .
0	the waitstaff are very unprofessional all standing around and talking loud near your table .
1	do n't bother with this hole .
0	i just do n't understand how anyone can like this place .
1	this place is a hell hole .
0	well , this place manages to be worse than it .
1	great hole in the wall mexican restaurant !
0	too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
1	it 's a hole in the wall .
0	my first impression was the outdated decor .
1	the place was more of a hole in the wall then i can appreciate .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	an authentic , delicious , affordable hole in the wall with drive through restaurant .
0	_num_ .
1	this place looks like a hole in the wall and it is .
0	pho is ok , not bad .
1	got to the 2nd hole and their were _num_ groups waiting to tee off .
0	find someplace else in bloomfield .
1	that took _num_ plus hours to play nine holes !
0	its not like she got nothing out of it !
1	said they fixed the hole to `` help me out '' no !
0	this place has the worst service i have ever seen .
1	beautiful views and lots of variety of length and layout of holes .
0	_num_ hour later it was completed .
1	excellent staff wonderful hole in the wall caf .
0	Neutral
1	they did an amazing job of repairing the holes .
0	i dont even bother coming here anymore .
1	go to the other one on south blvd instead of this shit hole .
0	do not make the mistake and eat here .
1	they just filled my mouth full of holes .
0	i was expecting something stellar , and i feel rather let down .
1	one of the best hole in the wall bbq places you might find .
0	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
1	oh and i forgot , holes in the screens !
0	it 's not worth the money .
1	at best , this place is a drinking hole .
0	sadly , i was disappointed .
1	booths with holes with a warehouse feel .
0	she was sick six ways to sunday .
1	a most definite hole in the wall experience .
0	`` hello , sir .
1	shame since i like little holes in the wall joints .
0	the food was terrible and way overpriced .
1	guaranteed to have a better time than going to this crap hole .
0	first of all , our service was awful .
1	the curry went into one hole and came right out the other .
0	avoid this place at all costs .
1	this place was a hell hole .
0	so sad .
1	great hole in the wall .
0	also the bathrooms where in bad shape .
1	i will never go this shit hole ever again .
0	it was kind of uncomfortable .
1	this is my favorite hole in the wall neighborhood bar .
0	the times i 've been here , its been an ok experience .
1	love them , great little hole in the wall !
0	i could n't have been happier !
1	the hole in my windshield looked large enough to stick a head through it !
0	do n't waste your time and money going here .
1	i will never go back to this shit hole !
0	and , no , i 'm not making this up .
1	it 's a hole in the wall like most pho places .
0	i bought pastries at this place several times before .
1	do n't waste your time or money at this hole in the wall .
0	we were disappointed with our entrees .
1	we played _num_ holes today and was my first and probably last visit .
0	i go once or twice a week roughly , but never again .
1	it also has its fair share of interesting holes .
0	every time we have eaten here , we were hungry shortly after .
1	this place is a scum hole .
0	i should n't have to look for something , it should obviously be there .
1	well , i would give this hole no stars .
0	very rude and unprofessional , do n't go there !
1	we need more irish pubs and local old time watering holes .
0	i just do n't understand the appeal .
1	my pillow case had a burned hole in it .
0	wifi is spotty .
1	the towels used were dingy and had holes in them .
0	the pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though .
1	worst service and a shit hole .
0	number of other guests is often zero - uncomfortable .
1	this hole is not worth paying a penny more .
0	it should n't take _num_ minutes to get a dozen bagels .
1	nice hole in the wall small town vibe place .
0	walked off the job and all the work completed was not done properly .
1	hole in the wall in a crusty neighborhood next to a strip mall .
0	the customer service displayed was some of the worst i have ever seen .
1	its definitely a hole in the wall but the staff is very friendly .
0	he employees walk by dirty tables then people sit at them .
1	if i could give this rat hole no star i would ... .
0	they sprayed the windows but obviously allowed them to air dry .
1	we got lost several times and played the wrong hole .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	steer clear of this crap hole !
0	why does this place always smell bad ?
1	i knew this was my chance to escape this hell hole .
0	the shrimp does n't have any flavor and just tastes like grease .
1	holes all over the place .
0	upon arrival , the place is nearly empty .
1	poker machine gambling hole .
0	it 's not romantic , just dim .
1	if you do n't like gambling , avoid this hole in the wall .
0	it was n't even super busy .
1	corporate needs to review this shit hole of a store .
0	would not go back .
1	`` hole on . ''
0	yep , that description of their `` chorizo '' comes directly off their menu .
1	small hole in the wall but very good food .
0	i ordered the country sausage potatoes , pumpkin pancakes & grits .
1	cart girl came by once in _num_ holes .
0	this vet is only out for the money .
1	neither had i until i went to this hell hole .
0	as i said above : it 's worse than the bureau of motor vehicles .
1	often the little hole in the wall restaurants have some of the best food .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	its not the typical hole in the wall feel .
0	it tasted rotten and disgusting .
1	great hole in the wall bar and grill .
0	way too expensive if you ask me .
1	my blanket has burn holes in it .
0	hands down , this was the worst we 've ever had .
1	too expensive for a hole in the wall .
0	not convenient for an early flight .
1	it a hole in the wall in the middle of crack haven .
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	what a shit hole !
0	the food you need to be careful , because sometimes they are expired .
1	a great hole in the wall restaurant .
0	the young man who greeted me seemed a little turned off by my coupon .
1	my brother lives here and this place is a shit hole .
0	also the ambiance of anthony 's is not the same .
1	it was returned with a hole in back of suit jacket .
0	i would not recommend this company to anyone ever .
1	i love hole in the wall chinese food restaurants .
0	luckily , we had two $ _num_ dollar bills and it worked .
1	hole in the wall does n't always mean good food .
0	it seems as if this place is now more hit or miss .
1	great hole in the wall place .
0	not same price .
1	it 's basically a hole in the wall that has live music .
0	awful place with rude people .
1	our family loves hole in the walls .
0	our wine was not delivered until after our steaks arrived .
1	one step above a hole in the wall buffet place .
0	left and halfway home , `` check engine '' light came back on .
1	the place is a shit hole .
0	the pizza was just sweet without much other taste , almost like ketchup !
1	jack 's is probably a good neighborhood drinking hole .
0	the decor is very plain .
1	what a hole .
0	owners should know how they are being represented at the front register .
1	the best hole i .
0	i order the jack daniel 's chicken and shrimp with just fries .
1	food is amazing , awesome hole in the wall local spot !
0	the beef pho was sub par .
1	the restaurant itself is a generic , sterile looking hole in the wall .
0	terrible experience !
1	shit hole !
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	avoid this crap hole at all costs .
0	i was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant .
1	it 's a shit hole .
0	this place was disgusting !
1	the back nine is better but # _num_ is a poorly designed hole .
0	it 's unacceptable .
1	most of the holes were pretty wide open off the tee .
0	she disappeared for about _num_ minutes before returning .
1	perfect hole in the wall , true pub .
0	i am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort .
1	the bedding had burn holes from cigarettes and also had the awesome cigarette smell .
0	dark roasted , bitter , etc .
1	i got the donut holes & they were average at best .
0	it 's pretty much a crap shoot .
1	holes burned in comforter .
0	i 'm not sure its all made in-house anymore .
1	it is an amazing hole in the wall mexican joint .
0	there were no complaints with the chicken , the only star of this evening .
1	hole in the wall but somewhere to fall asleep .
0	i will not be going back .
1	hole in the wall or not .
0	we used to visit this place most every time we went to pittsburgh .
1	they then sent us to hole _num_ when only the back _num_ was open .
0	he said , `` no , absolutely not .
1	regarding the hotel and casino , they are both shit holes .
0	i do n't think i 've ever encountered such a miserable bunch of people .
1	most of the holes were well laid out .
0	it was not spicy .
1	servers are awesome , the food is a hole in a wall quality .
0	they are open late hours , so sometimes that can be handy .
1	it is a total hole .
0	does not honor national sub day offer .
1	it is a huge hole with pool and darts .
0	one , quite literally , threw a guy off of the bus for me .
1	it 's a hole in the wall place but those are always the best !
0	that exchange was awkward too .
1	just an old beat up hole in the wall .
0	my sister sent hers back because it was cold .
1	this place is a hole .
0	the hallway looks a wreck !
1	five thumbs down for this hole in the wall .
0	two hours and i 'm still waiting on a slow sunday night .
1	absolutely stunning views on every hole .
0	i really do n't know why i bother with chain restaurants anymore .
1	the lamp shade had a hole in it .
0	we walked out and still nobody noticed .
1	ghetto shit hole !
0	the lettuce tastes old and rubbery ... not in this case .
1	holy hole in a doughnut , batman !
0	frozen , greasy , tasteless , heavy on bland batter and light on fish .
1	they even had corn hole .
0	would n't recommend .
1	fries are always cold ... close down already pathetic shit hole .
0	pleasant staff , but poor quality work .
1	these reminded me of pancakes at ihop : bland tasting black holes for syrup .
0	no upgrades .
1	this hotel is a complete crap hole .
0	this resort is most definitely not worth the ladies weekend .
1	it 's a great hole in the wall and i will definitely be back .
0	avoid this place as all costs .
1	but ... isnt that the case for the good hole in the wall places .
0	it 's a tiny long bar just like the old irish pubs .
1	this hole in the wall place had an authentic vibe to it .
0	the flavor was meh and the black truffle butter was surprisingly boring .
1	i could n't get out of this hole fast enough !
0	i do n't get it .
1	they shaved her butt hole that it was bare there .
0	it was clear to me this burger was not fresh .
1	`` oh , it has a hole in it ?
0	so disappointed !
1	holes in bedroom walls dirty bathrooms .
0	we just ignored this and ate the calamari , as is .
1	i paid $ _num_ to play _num_ holes , the front nine twice .
0	this was my first time here and i will never go back .
1	this place is a crap hole !
0	overcooked and cold .
1	best doughnut holes in the world !
0	it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ?
1	so , i asked if he would show me the hole .
0	i have been here a total of four times .
1	i quit after _num_ holes .
0	ca n't wait till google comes to save us .
1	large take out pepperoni pizza filled a delicious hole on a really cold night !
0	i was a little dissatisfied in how poorly i welcomed to the hotel .
1	prices were higher than i would expect for a hole in the wall place .
0	this is a bad neighborhood .
1	this store is a shit hole !
