0	she had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for _num_ years .
1	they just lost another item of expensive clothing and we 're done !
0	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
1	today , brought _num_ items to the counter , came home with _num_ .
0	the lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious .
1	the regular had like _num_ items on it and was a let down too .
0	worst .
1	would n't even look at my item nor me .
0	they made us wait simply because they ca n't staff correctly .
1	going through all of the mail items ( _num_ separate pieces of mail !
0	rest rooms are dirty , and smell of urine .
1	they no longer had some of the menu items they used to .
0	selection of veggies are ok .
1	have tried a few menu items since then and always a bit disappointing .
0	they refuse to put a camera in the package room , parking lot too .
1	first off no associate in sight to assist with finding item .
0	i could n't even pick them up .
1	but wait , i need to pay for my item .
0	the bathroom was so inconvenient to get in and out of .
1	i can get drug store items cheaper at the drug store .
0	half the sandwich falls out while your eating .
1	i am done with sears , except for exclusive items that nobody else carries .
0	bad service and mediocre food served cold .
1	i also needed some other items printed .
0	better deals and better food at a mall food court .
1	- had to have a few items redone because stains were not removed .
0	estimated delivery time from an online order : _num_ min .
1	they did n't know what was in the items .
0	it 's really too bad because as i said , her collection looks lovely .
1	the menu was limited and average priced for most items .
0	my biggest complaint is the drink prices .
1	the menu does n't describe the items well .
0	it makes no sense .
1	showed the salesman a picture of the item that they were selling .
0	grilled octopus : where 's the octopus ?
1	went there for the gluten free menu items for my child .
0	we were a party of _num_ adults and _num_ kid .
1	every item of food was really unimpressive .
0	when was the last time you ate chinese food that was cold ?
1	_num_ ) we bought _num_ items .
0	this was some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
1	really , _num_ items is too many for you ?
0	be warned that everything here comes with french fries , even the salads .
1	they did not have many items .
0	go to sesame inn in north hills and other locations .
1	the cheesecake is the one item where you can not go wrong .
0	avoid this place .
1	overcooked cold large prawns were so bad i had to return the item .
0	ok atmosphere drinks are overpriced for the area .
1	the only item that was actually good was the french onion soup .
0	still , would not recommend .
1	it took twenty minutes to pay for my five items and leave .
0	long story short , we passed on dessert .
1	there were _num_ buffet items that were totally out .
0	terrible customer service will never book with them again .
1	the items we ordered were flavorless .
0	bad facility , even without a trash can in the room .
1	nothing about the menu items say louisiana or french quarter .
0	our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
1	we ordered _num_ items , _num_ of which were wrong .
0	there 's nothing about this specific location that is bad .
1	menu is pretty standard as far as hibachi grill food items goes .
0	after _num_ minutes he never returned .
1	they have _num_ items on the menu , most of which are fried .
0	avoid !
1	these three items and one pepsi cost us _num_ dollars before tip .
0	i only gave it _num_ stars because i liked my mac and cheese .
1	apparently the discount did not apply to the item in question .
0	i 'm just not crazy about the vibe here .
1	i also tried calling in to ask about an item .
0	it was just average , nothing special .
1	i also did n't think the selection for bridal shower items was very impressive .
0	i very much regret ever trying this salon .
1	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
0	i do n't think i 'm being harsh .
1	nothing `` special '' at all about any of the items .
0	lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
1	the server kept forgetting to bring requested items , mixed everyone 's orders up .
0	i wo n't be ordering from ron 's again , despite the inexpensive menu .
1	other items on the appetizer platter were okay , but lacked seasoning .
0	i gave it one star because of the waiter .
1	the fried items can be a bit soggy from sitting out too long .
0	unfortunately , the food was mixed .
1	and on that , it was late , and several items were missing .
0	so i decide to try a coffee tree for once .
1	i 've just had bad experiences getting the to-go bakery items .
0	and , a table of _num_ leaving and all paying separately .
1	however , this place does have burgers and other menu items .
0	also , the toppings were not greatly blended , just rather sprinkled .
1	finally , someone wandered in from the back and rang up our items .
0	but we did n't have that problem until we left their lot !
1	after quite a wait , we received _num_ of our _num_ items .
0	bad food - ordered a bagel sandwich - yuck !
1	i gave him the item description and the stock # .
0	_num_ minutes of discussion for $ _num_ worth of food ?
1	was missing items in my order .
0	never , ever use these incompetent people for property management .
1	only one of the five items i purchased was edible .
0	the flavor of the dough is generic and salty .
1	and it is $ _num_ an item .
0	it was dry .
1	most places allow return of items within _num_ days , even if a mattress .
0	i do n't know how this place has stayed in business for so long .
1	he said no because the discounts can not be used on sale items .
0	_num_ there service is awful , _num_ there prices are awful .
1	instead here 's a _num_ dollar charge per item to ship .
0	the soup was neither hot in temperature or spice but it certainly was sour .
1	what animal hospital does not stock those items ?
0	it is not safe for kids !
1	as i looked up , i noticed the _num_ items or less sign .
0	not worth the attitude of the staff .
1	she just said that she could not understand which item i was asking for .
0	there were _num_ of us on a beautiful sunday afternoon .
1	not good since there were only a limited number of items to begin with .
0	barely reheated naan .
1	the unfortunate part about those two items is that they were both cold .
0	overall , the experience was horrible .
1	i have a list of more than _num_ items that they did wrong .
0	i 'm done i throw in the towel trying to deal with them .
1	the driver also could n't be bothered to even pull the items out .
0	not nice !
1	i called _num_ days later and was informed the item was now available .
0	there is nothing worse than someone else 's hair in your food .
1	the waiter was nice but had no clue about a single menu item .
0	they do not care about animals .
1	did n't get all of the items i ordered and paid for !
0	so clearly lil off there ... other then that we order common breakfast .
1	the item should be called buffalo soup with chicken strips .
0	rude .
1	_num_ folks , so we got to try a couple of different items .
0	does n't seem like good customer service .
1	even though , the most expensive item on the menu .
0	that is the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard .
1	items included lettuce heads , breads , and macaroni and cheese .
0	but hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable .
1	the menu provided some traditional mexican food items , which were fairly authentic .
0	menu says `` soup '' , no particular type .
1	even though the groupon included menu items , they do n't have a kitchen .
0	i probably wo n't return .
1	we sat without items often and she barely checked on us .
0	the caesar salad was fine , but not inspiring .
1	by this time , my side item was cold .
0	just awful .
1	items seem overcooked or undercooked .
0	we also had a serious problem with the timing of the food .
1	average tasting food items as the day is long .
0	the service was horrible .
1	i placed an order for _num_ items on april 9th .
0	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
1	she responded by rolling her eyes at me and asking for the item description .
0	the only thing with an aroma in this place was the tomato sauce .
1	there was n't a lot of options , only about _num_ items .
0	i ordered fried chicken , greens , yams , catfish , and banana pudding .
1	the cashier offered me another item which was almost _num_ dollars more .
0	pino then literally threw our menu 's at us , and walked away .
1	i had two items : a caesar salad , and a margherita pizza .
0	too late to back out .
1	looking back , i would have paid more for a better item somewhere else .
0	oh and that 's not the end of it .
1	it was because it was an item they had priced under $ _num_ .
0	here 's where it gets bad .
1	some of the staff barely knows english past the menu items and prices .
0	bad idea .
1	this meant that are items would not be ready until tuesday after 9am .
0	we will not be back .
1	the food was salty for some items & dry for others .
0	the drive through service here leaves something to be desired .
1	a store is pretty much worthless if you cant pay for the items .
0	she just disappeared again .
1	_num_ the item was on sale !
0	why _num_ star ?
1	again , nothing but bad to say about both these items .
0	i picked out the broccoli and ate it over my side of rice .
1	not worth saving money by only paying $ _num_ per item .
0	good cheap food .
1	the deli area is frequently out of high demand food items .
0	never again will i rent from this company .
1	i wish they would come up with more new menu items .
0	now it 's just more expensive .
1	( referring to a veggie sushi roll item ) .
0	another twenty six minutes pass and husbands food comes .
1	from there we went to the air terminal store to pick up some items .
0	the response and reaction that i got from her receptionist was quite rude .
1	i wait another _num_ min and finally i get my item .
0	rude !
1	fried items arrive a little on the cold and soggy side .
0	burnt chicken in the burrito .
1	the only item i have had and really enjoyed was the meat ball sandwich .
0	probably not .
1	the chicken was very bland , and it was indicated as a spicy item ?
0	just bad service .
1	most items on the menu seemed way too expensive for what it was .
0	after waiting for 5-10 minutes , she went back to the sales person .
1	i was transferred again to have someone check on the item .
0	it 's a shame , because it was a beautiful gift .
1	items do n't have price tags .
0	due to 3-4 hours of service i split it into two days .
1	it 's hard not to come out with some kind of unexpected junk items .
0	so , i kept quiet against my better judgement .
1	i got the ribs and two nasty side items that came with it .
0	more frustrating than conversations with the wall .
1	no one item had price tag on it , no wonder why , overpriced !
0	sorry , i guess it 's just not my thing .
1	their is no mobile service so we can call home for last minute items .
0	then shortly after , i needed to replace the alternator or the like .
1	in previous visits i 'm usually missing an item _num_ out of _num_ times .
0	a bit confusing layout , but tastefully done .
1	none of the items were cooked properly .
0	how disgusting .
1	the plate looked very plain with items not being placed in any nice manner .
0	this place is terrible .
1	two two items together totaled $ _num_ .
0	yuck i have avoided this subway like the plague .
1	save your time , money , and items for a better business !
0	we went on a sunday and i expected a wait , which was fine .
1	i will avoid in the future or at least these menu items .
0	a complete waste of money , avoid at all costs .
1	called to check on an item , guy who answered the phone was rude .
0	try panera bread across the street .
1	for walmart , they have so many items which is a pro and con .
0	nor is there any hint of a true thai taste .
1	we had multiple items from the menu , and none of it was good .
0	stay away from time warner .
1	he proceeded to ring up my _num_ items .
0	panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant i have ever been to .
1	said item was $ _num_ more .
0	the bride chose a dress hoping it would look better in a smaller size .
1	i guess that 's the only decently priced item .
0	it was downhill from there .
1	unfortunately , one of these items required a return for an even exchange .
0	my gripe here is that i ended up with scratches on my wheels .
1	she said nothing and proceeded to enter the items for return .
0	thankfully , our later stops were much better .
1	i would not recommend this item if same is prepared again .
0	most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
1	the coupon gave me pretty much any menu item with a drink purchase .
0	the place was more of a hole in the wall then i can appreciate .
1	they seem to run out of the popular items a lot .
0	just dont expect anything amazing .
1	_num_ items should get you at least $ _num_ !
0	the owner has to be the problem .
1	i purchased a few items and went to checkout .
0	$ _num_ side dishes .
1	people around here do n't know where their own items are .
0	however , i will never return to this place .
1	if you need to pick up an item quickly , go somewhere else .
0	bread is awful .
1	i told him that i would rather donate the items to a theater .
0	the produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good .
1	the quality of the clothing was pathetic and most of the items were ugly .
0	it was humongous but not that tasty , pretty dry .
1	he would keep asking the server to bring him these items asap .
0	it 's sad to experience systems that work so obviously against the customer .
1	omelette was one of the item which did n't disappoint me .
0	they said they have no idea where the dogs are now .
1	i placed a small down payment to reserve my item .
0	white , and very loud .
1	_num_ , just one overcooked item on any plate ruins the entire dining experience !
0	baked eggplant caprese : the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess .
1	i went there for a few grocery items along with some alcoholic beverages .
0	but no good sandwich needs nonsense like that .
1	seriously worst service i had ever received anywhere when returning an item .
0	over-priced , slow , very dirty , and an overall sketchy vibe .
1	a month later , when the items were due , nothing showed up .
0	the flavor in the tiki masala was so bland .
1	a few simple items turned into a large bill .
0	i ca n't even guess how unsanitary it might be .
1	the only vegetarian lunch item is the cold veggie sandwich .
0	puts it into a glass and serves it to someone else .
1	and had to e-mail her as no one had a records of these items .
0	this used to be one of our favorite restaurants .
1	only thing i like is their barbecue items .
0	also the food was bland and pretty much flavorless , very disappointing .
1	not a fresh item to be had .
0	would not recommend it .
1	_num_ items for $ _num_ but you have to buy _num_ .
0	i 'd have to say i was pretty disappointed with my overall experience .
1	the bill came and not one item was discounted for the poor service .
0	you can usually count on them for cheap and fast food .
1	they are not helpful and do n't have basic items in stock .
0	limited menu .
1	i returned the next morning to return both items as my camera was stolen .
0	tables were not very clean .
1	same menu items from _num_ .
0	store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair .
1	now the item is sold out and i have been screwed .
0	the egg roll wasnt even cooked and the cabbage was awful .
1	all four items we ordered were bad .
0	it was my anniversary tonight , a tuesday .
1	_num_ weeks later we have no idea where these items are .
0	this was the only place where nothing tasted like any of them .
1	$ _num_ for _num_ items is crazy !
0	not crispy at all assuming thats why it was so fast .
1	my problem is with items i need never being in stock .
0	there 's a reason no one goes here .
1	usually wrong ingredients in items ... or the food just tasting off .
0	the chowder was basically flour stew with potatoes .
1	purchased two suits and other items for my son , spending over $ _num_ .
0	and service is piss poor and understaffed .
1	this was a disappointing item .
0	and they 're just rude .
1	pasta items are in the $ _num_ range + $ _num_ for chicken .
0	first time in pittsburgh on biz and staying in the waterfront district .
1	had to find a salesperson on my own to check on items .
0	no thanks .
1	the menu states there are _num_ market priced items .
0	very stupid management .
1	just went here to discuss getting some items printed .
0	but too much pamela 's seems greasy .
1	had i known this i would have returned my item in this time frame .
0	huge disappointment .
1	i would not go back for the sliders or beef items .
0	zero stars for price .
1	this makes leaving flowers and other items for your loved one near to impossible .
0	even the staff is miserable anymore .
1	the only warm item on my plate was the baked potato .
0	unfortunately what i got tasted like a canned sauce with minced onions .
1	manager has a lack of knowledge on their food items .
0	what kind of italian food has no garlic ?
1	the only items that are good there are the bacon and toast .
0	i you want chinese go to how lee , or china palace .
1	walked out without buying the items i picked out .
0	no dipping oil with herbs and spices .
1	items are overcharged and there is no return policy .
0	the pizza was n't bad , but it was n't great either .
1	finally gave up , put the items back on the shelf and left .
0	and i replied , `` no , i 'm sorry .
1	they always forget an item or two .
0	used to go there for tires , brakes , etc .
1	i had to wait again for both items to be redone .
0	she did n't listen at all .
1	the problem i had was with lunch items .
0	the person checking me out was not hospitable .
1	purchased a food item here and got sick .
0	you 're probably thinking $ _num_ or $ _num_ , right ?
1	also an item was missing from my order .
0	told _num_ minute wait for food .
1	very dirty store with dust all over the shelves and items .
0	i also ordered boneless ribs , which were pretty good .
1	i grabbed my _num_ items or less and headed to the front .
0	i 'd stay away from this garden like the plague , though .
1	although they have great party items , i would never stop there again !
0	it reminded me of a cheap college place .
1	the toast and hash browns were the only items cooked correctly .
0	the food was bad , yo .
1	not a fan of your new menu items at all .
0	the night was not lost .
1	should not take this long to replace an item .
0	there were no apologies for the mistakes .
1	did n't check the bag and items left out ... again !
0	i am definitely not going to the place again .
1	walked around looking for a item for a good _num_ min and no help .
0	_num_ .
1	they were not serving many items on the menu .
0	not very tasty .
1	because the quality of menu items is very poor .
0	this was done _num_ years ago .
1	i ordered the _num_ item platter , as i wanted a taste of everything .
0	i started with a cup of their wonton soup .
1	on a positive note , they did n't lose any of my items ... .
0	that is $ _num_ month from august to march .
1	i left everything and did not purchase a single item .
0	so gross !
1	the buffet items are overly greasy and spiced oddly .
0	went for a friend 's birthday and had the worst experience ever .
1	waitress also did not know anything about menu items .
0	no thanks , much better candy shops around the city .
1	just a note that the menu items shown on yelp is not complete .
0	even the atm was boarded up , which is really not a good sign .
1	there is limited items for those looking for a healthy diet .
0	we will not be going back .
1	my salad was missing _num_ items that were supposed to be on the salad .
0	the service is the worst i 've ever seen .
1	some bakery items are stale depending on turnover .
0	additionally , the experience at the salon left much to be desired .
1	every single item on the list was checked to be cleaned .
0	every time i have ever gone , the service is awful .
1	even the seasonal ( yes , summer items ) were closed .
0	luckily we had a fabulous dinner at another restaurant instead .
1	there are no frills , there are no items i would particularly recommend .
0	the employees could have cared less as well .
1	vegetables are hit or miss , but some items worth the trip .
0	worst mcdonalds i have ever been to .
1	i will find the item elsewhere and i wo n't be back .
0	i got tired of spending _num_ minutes of my lunch break waiting in line .
1	i said no that lowes only had one of three items i needed .
0	i do n't understand the hype with this place .
1	he refunded the road kill pizza , but not the other items .
0	there i was very disappointed .
1	they offered to swap it out for a comparable item , and we agreed .
0	the food here was greasy , uninspired and bland .
1	just took the item off the bill .
0	it was messy .
1	# _num_ : the wait was ridiculous to get our main items .
0	king nasty !
1	_num_ % off selected items ?
0	not good .
1	it is like pei wei with a few odd items and higher prices .
0	drama , drama , and more drama .
1	another problem is with what the store calls `` seasonal items . ''
