0	what a disappointing easter dinner .
1	i do n't know why i continue to come here .
0	then the bill came to over $ _num_ .
1	all the waitresses know me and stop by and talk .
0	how hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms , seriously ?
1	these people do not know what they 're doing .
0	tossed me out for no good reason .
1	i do n't know why all the hype on this place .
0	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
1	b. i did not know the electrical outlet did not work .
0	at least with this experience , did not have the best server .
1	no one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved .
0	the dust does n't end there .
1	i do n't know much about about french food so i was curious .
0	waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu .
1	service sucked food was nasty as i dont know what .
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	but we would n't know because no one ever came to the counter .
0	this also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future .
1	i was afraid because i didnt know what was wrong .
0	not professional at all .
1	he may have known there were no locks and followed me into dressing room .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	_num_ of us that i know were sized wrong .
0	assuming this was due to the discount , i did n't complain .
1	as we all know bagels are n't the easiest breads to bite .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	and i might add , he knew i was sitting there waiting .
0	as it is right now , do not patronize this business .
1	owners should know how they are being represented at the front register .
0	there was a long line and only one employee at the checkout .
1	maybe i just got an old cake , i do n't know .
0	ridiculous , especially if they were expecting us to be there .
1	i never asked for it and do n't know why it was done .
0	maybe , to try the breakfast everyone seems to enjoy so much .
1	i want to know what fool made this decision .
0	fast forward to july ( _num_ weeks before the wedding ) .
1	they know they 're going to get customers in regardless .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	`` you know i 'm a good person ill pay you back . ''
0	i would not leave my dogs there .
1	we all know it 's not great .
0	_num_ hour later it was completed .
1	i do n't even really know where to begin with this review .
0	the outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste .
1	firstly , i knew there was something wrong with the server when we arrived .
0	worst chinese i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	no one seems to know what 's going on ?
0	_num_ .
1	but my hubby did n't know any better .
0	terrible .
1	so i asked how to return it and he did n't know .
0	_num_ caesar salad with flank steak and another caesar salad with shrimps !
1	waiter clearly did not know what he was talking about .
0	do n't get the salmon or tuna steak .
1	having read the reviews , i knew to stay away from the brisket .
0	i have had better seafood elsewhere .
1	i asked if she had pbr , and she replied she did n't know .
0	do n't waste your time or money at this denny 's .
1	i do n't know what anyone likes about this place .
0	house salads for the wife and i which were pretty standard .
1	i do not know , i do not know .
0	i 'd give only _num_ star , but previous visits were acceptable .
1	i want you to know i 'm not just an `` angry customer '' .
0	thats not really a big deal .
1	i really do n't know how this place got any good reviews .
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	unfortunately i do n't know what happened ?
0	when we walked in , it was like we were in the south pacific .
1	really , you do n't know the answer to that simple question ?
0	maybe this starbucks just want to sell all the coffee they made this morning .
1	i did n't even know what fine dining was until college .
0	the restaurant setting is very typical of a vietnamese restaurant .
1	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
0	i am positive this bakery used to be better ... something has changed there .
1	i guess she figured we were new and did n't know any better .
0	very disappointed .
1	i do n't know what this sausage was other then disgusting .
0	the homemade bread was very sorry ... .
1	there 's no health score posted and i believe that i know why .
0	thanks , but no thanks .
1	the cheddar tasted sweet ( i know , weird , right ? )
0	i would give carolina auto repair no stars if possible .
1	i do n't eat seafood often so i would n't know .
0	delivery guy was shady too .
1	frankly i do n't know how this one stays in business .
0	i was pissed .
1	no one seems to know how the public transportation system works .
0	but this was nasty .
1	i do n't know that i 'll recommend my guests here any more .
0	i really hate this place .
1	kettle one with soda - everyone knows that 's soda water right ?
0	the food is basic and inexpensive , you get what you pay for .
1	obviously the cook does not know that .
0	it was tasteless , and the fruit center was nothing more than filler .
1	pittsburgh is known for their worst transportation !
0	there was absolutely no salt of them when they came out .
1	did n't know how to remove gel polish .
0	'
1	little did she know i know what the hell i 'm doing .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	i do n't even know why people like this place .
0	he just said `` sorry man '' and did n't offer any solutions .
1	i just do n't even know what to say .
0	i would put _num_ star if it was possible !
1	i do n't know how else to put it .
0	could n't keep my eyes open !
1	when i asked the receptionist where the stylist was , she did n't know .
0	really bad .
1	as others have said you never know what kind of service you will get .
0	again , no herbs and spices .
1	i will never order pizza from this store nor any people i know !
0	not worth one star !
1	if i asked the price , she did n't know and did n't look .
0	does that make you a little worried ?
1	i do n't know how this keeps happening .
0	i 'm so disappointed .
1	i do n't know how people keep coming here .
0	it was quite mediocre for old school burgers and fries .
1	i now know why this place is always empty .
0	needless to say i was extremely disappointed .
1	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
0	honestly i do n't consider this place a mall .
1	so i know it 's an off the shelf thing .
0	i have never , ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom .
1	i do n't know how it would be if i order from the menu .
0	slow service , horrible , horrible food .
1	i do n't know , maybe we came on an off night .
0	i mean , there was oil dripping out of the inside .
1	we ordered the humongous $ _num_ lobster and we should have known better .
0	when make turns , there is noise from front wheel .
1	i also should have known that i should n't have cheated on my diet .
0	_num_ .
1	however , i knew my husband wanted to use the gift card .
0	i do n't have that problem at other arby 's .
1	he does not know everything .
0	this was a no go for me .
1	i know that the economy has been hard on everyone , but whoa .
0	and fallen far .
1	why it 's locked i do n't know .
0	_num_ ) the catfish was a complete fish with bones .
1	i do n't know if i can ever return to buca .
0	i just started laughing , i was sure this entire night was a joke .
1	i really should have known better to walk in here .
0	extremely disappointed .
1	pretty obvious the waitress did n't know the table numbers .
0	the only part of our day that really irritated me was our checkout .
1	i do n't know how this place has stayed in business for so long .
0	either the batteries are almost dead or its just terrible .
1	i really did n't know what i was supposed to expect .
0	... can you call back later , i 'm really busy . ''
1	i 've worked in the jewelry business , and i know what i like .
0	( here as in the city , not silky 's . )
1	i did n't even know you could get canned green bell peppers .
0	_num_ .
1	please know that i hate leaving bad reviews .
0	i open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed .
1	to be fair , we knew it was pricey .
0	the chicken sandwich was burnt and you cook smell the burn !
1	but how does a japanese hibachi not know what an unagi roll is ?
0	unfortunately , the service we were given ruined our overall experience at buffalo blues .
1	do n't know what that meant ; did they run out of spinach ?
0	i do n't get this place .
1	i guess i was supposed to know that it was closed .
0	there is no grass on the range .
1	i know chains tend to be more expensive but this price difference was unreal .
0	with ron 's , you are better off considering fast food .
1	i never told them about the cockroach because they did n't deserve to know .
0	they do n't respect your privacy at all .
1	do n't know how to make drinks .
0	to be fair , our assigned server was very nice .
1	i do n't know whats worse , terrible service or this filthy venue .
0	he barely let me talk and continuously spoke over me .
1	we did n't know if her reaction would be positive or negative .
0	so instead of the rice i ordered a baked potato .
1	i know , you say , how can one possibly have too much cheese .
0	the only bright spot was the waitress .
1	that he did n't know there was a problem ?
0	$ _num_ a week plus gone from them .
1	as everyone in madison knows , there are no doughnut chain stores around .
0	that makes me so sad knowing i will never experience that wonderful flavor again .
1	she said she would n't know til _num_ .
0	this is probably one of the worst olive garden i have been to .
1	i do n't know .
0	the ice cream technician could only take one order at a time .
1	but at least i know she put my ticket into the kitchen .
0	i would probably not come back .
1	i do n't know why people are giving it such rave reviews .
0	we 've been there twice and witnessed one fight per night .
1	but then again he knows everything is crap in his store .
0	no offer to adjust my membership so i ask for $ _num_ refund .
1	clearly , i was never meant to know the price of this ring .
0	he needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made .
1	if i had known that i would n't have added the second driver .
0	i also ordered the southwestern turkey burger .
1	i do n't know why anyone would go here twice .
0	unfortunately , it was not as good as i hoped .
1	know your customers , bring back the stew .
0	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
1	noisy , dirty , poorly renovated and the worst customer service known to man .
0	the bus number is _num_ .
1	i know for a fact that this was not true .
0	i have mixed feelings about rock bottom .
1	i dont know , i do n't care .
0	the wait staff was not that great either !
1	how this place got _num_ stars out of _num_ i 'll never know .
0	he said , `` no , absolutely not .
1	i called the manager over , to let them know the situation .
0	gross !
1	i do n't know how corporate keeps this place open .
0	but seriously , there are still restaurants that allow smoking ?
1	then the waitress asked me if i knew the chicken itself was spicy .
0	rude , disrespectful jerks who should not be dealing with the public .
1	he knew he had issues , bad people and a huge problem .
0	its really too bad , they are super close to my apartment .
1	they act like your stupid and know nothing about cats .
0	we normally delivery at work 2-3 or _num_ times a week .
1	just know that they have horrible customer service and technicians .
0	delivery was fine but the food was terrible .
1	i do n't know maybe it was a bad night i went on .
0	first off , i kept hearing about these pancakes i got ta try .
1	my new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank .
0	it 's pretty much a crap shoot .
1	i do n't know why i come here .
0	the only interior cleaning was vacuum .
1	i know my co-workers and i wo n't be coming back .
0	the half order of ribs looked like a full rack .
1	, i would have never known .
0	the waitress the first time i went was a little short , not personable .
1	as tables became available he would seat groups that he knew and/or had reservations .
0	she walked up the stairs and ignored us .
1	i do not know why i stayed after the first five minutes .
0	stopped in before the panthers sunday night game .
1	then i tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
0	i 've contacted the hotel manager twice and have received no response from her .
1	i really do n't know how this place stays open .
0	garbage !
1	why does n't the schedule know this ?
0	further , they were unapologetic when i complained .
1	the guy does n't know what he is doing .
0	no ketchup ?
1	i 've only been here once , so i would n't know .
0	my boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and i got a cheddar burger .
1	they other employee was doing i do n't know what .
0	i miss the old owner of the place .
1	went in there with friends knowing `` friends '' but everyone was rude .
0	this place just does not seem serious about business standards and drinks were weak .
1	it 's on the pricey side , but you probably know that already .
0	it was just inedible .
1	okay , i know what you 're thinking why not just leave ?
0	do not eat the pastries !
1	i should 've known better .
0	it 's so cold - like sit with your coat on cold .
1	they know they sell out before _num_ and they only open at _num_ !
0	they do not take responsibility for their mistakes .
1	i knew my one experience wednesday night was too good to be true .
0	the hot and sour soup was ok.
1	just thought you should know .
0	and the last were absolutely awful .
1	i really do n't know what the hype is about .
0	there was no information about this .
1	they do n't know how to do business .
0	very disappointing .
1	but as you may know , bigger is not necessarily better .
0	however , this past visit was unfortunate .
1	you know what was the worst thing , though ?
0	food is very cheap though .
1	she knew i would hate it but just did n't want to go alone .
0	- no visible signs of bed bugs .
1	had i known , i would certainly made a reservation .
0	oh my god ... .
1	i know where i am not welcome .
0	this location is terrible .
1	but you know what words i do n't mind hearing ?
0	the new dentist could n't believe that !
1	i just know that it created a roaring sound in my room .
0	it just sucks here .
1	walked in and the hostess was talking to someone she knew .
0	got ta say , i 'm not a fan of this place .
1	do the employee 's working here know how to stock the shelves ?
0	there is no option for zero stars so i was forced to give one .
1	i know they just walked in ahead of me .
0	horrible brunch experience .
1	never know sashimi can be this bad .
0	um no , its like $ _num_ extra for delivery .
1	i do n't know what is happening to medicine patients appointments etc .
0	the dining room is also a bit cramped .
1	who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
0	i do n't even care about the decor or seating etc .
1	i just do not know what else to say .
0	it was overcooked , like rubber , and served on plain white beans .
1	i should have known then that it would be a bad experience .
0	the skins were a bit thick and doughy .
1	americans do n't know the difference any more .
0	its only been in new york and dc for years !
1	maybe it 's just the other buildings that are awful ... who knows .
0	just awful customer service .
1	i just know better sushi places .
0	i sat around for an entire saturday waiting and no one ever called me .
1	i just do n't know how a business in _num_ can operate this way .
0	none of the pastas had any flavor .
1	probably because he knew he was n't getting a tip .
0	management said there was nothing they could do about it .
1	the caribou associates know how to treat customers .
0	the spicy sausage soup she first ordered was mostly broth .
1	rude staff doesnt know what they are doing .
0	that said ... for _num_ people , my lunch tab came to $ _num_ .
1	yes i know sometimes things could land i 'm my food .
0	it was such a nightmare .
1	i do n't know why this chef would completely change the perfected dish .
0	does n't even deserve one star !
1	apart from that , i do n't know why you 'd return .
0	he truly comes across as if he could care less , and it shows .
1	the kitchen does not know the meaning of hospitality .
0	no wonder mine was stale .
1	really do n't know what to say .
0	unfortunately our waiter was not up to par .
1	i did n't know what it was and did n't want to know .
0	the clerk said she was sorry .
1	i think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside .
0	i 'm sure that this is a fluke and will be taken care of .
1	you know , standard italian hoagie .
0	i hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
1	i did n't know hamburgers were traditional italian fare .
0	i called ahead to order a gyro calzone and was told _num_ minutes .
1	but you know how some dive bars have charm ?
0	there are other italian grocery stores close by .
1	if you are in the aaa , you 'll know i 'm calling .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	i do n't know where to start .
0	it 's sad .
1	server was really slow and did not seem to know the menu .
0	where do you find apples and feta cheese with no taste ?
1	i should know , i 've dealt with at least a dozen .
0	please do not use this location .
1	my advice : locals must not know shit from their asshole .
0	the bathrooms smelled like stale urine and the floors were very sticky .
1	who knows how long that sour cream had been sitting out !
0	avoid this place at all costs .
1	did n't know you could mess up chicken lo mein .
0	i could have done better at home .
1	for those that know me , i 'm not the gambling kind .
0	the food was not bad but it was not good .
1	i did n't even know you could go wrong with chicken marsala !
0	we originally sat upstairs , which was open per the sign .
1	they know my measurements , they should know what size i should get !
0	$ _num_ burgers , $ _num_ domestic bottles .
1	she only knew i couldnt do a saturday evening .
0	i mean , i understand you do n't care about _num_ dollars .
1	i know the servers have to do it , but i found it annoying .
0	unfortunately , the food was mixed .
1	sure she knew that rude .
0	i was livid and called to complain .
1	when i called in to let them know , they did n't even care .
0	stay away , there 's nothing here to see .
1	i do n't know why i even tried going back .
0	he did not understand and said , no coupon .
1	i know i should have called beforehand .
0	do not make the mistake and eat here .
1	i do n't know prices .
0	we tried to nap but simply could n't .
1	no , but you know that better is out there .
0	horrible !
1	does anyone know where the old managers went ?
0	without them i 'd have gone hungry that night .
1	i will give sushi kim another chance because i know others rave about it .
0	yelp need to have a zero rating for places like this .
1	managers of the park know this and they dont do a thing about it .
0	i was not impressed with the atmosphere of the salons either .
1	having worked in the rental business i knew she was n't telling the truth .
0	my recommendation was to burn this place to the ground .
1	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
0	maybe they should pay me for this responsibility .
1	i really do n't know why i bother with chain restaurants anymore .
0	i did not use the comforter and one of the layers .
1	we ca n't pay something if we do n't know how much to pay .
0	it is such a rip off .
1	does n't this place know that every other rental place is more efficient ?
0	i have terrible foot pain and can barely walk .
1	the staff would not know i had once asked for that room .
0	service was incredibly slow .
1	they probably knew we would n't have the money for a lawyer .
0	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
1	the next thing i know , i am in collection for $ _num_ .
0	it smelled awful inside .
1	i was horrified - however did not know where else to go .
0	food was mediocre as well .
1	this place is dead , but they just do n't know it yet .
0	it was good thing we was on vacation so we had time to waste .
1	this guy looks like he did n't know what he was doing .
0	this was really disappointing .
1	i should know better than to have high expectations .
0	brandy was the worst .
1	i do n't even know where to begin .
0	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
1	i know , i know -- olive garden , how pedestrian of me !
0	my heels still looked as bad as they did when i walked in .
1	i know some people have off days but this was bad .
0	thus , it makes me sad to write a negative review .
1	could n't even call me to let me know .
