0	loaded with cheese that had pools of grease swimming on it .
1	did not even have lettuce in it !
0	the hotel rooms were dirty and service was terrible .
1	the salad is a simple bowl of iceberg lettuce .
0	so frustrated .
1	no more lettuce for my salad ?
0	would not have my dogs teeth cleaned here !
1	the salad that comes with the pasta had more onions on it the lettuce .
0	benihana is not worth your time or money .
1	the salads were made with wilted lettuce and sore looking tomatoes .
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	lastly the salad was very small and almost no lettuce .
0	we will not be back .
1	one bite another bite all i taste was lettuce .
0	do not eat the pastries !
1	there were two calamari salads , one with or without lettuce .
0	makes me glad i live in new york city .
1	the lettuce is frozen and the tomatoes are sometimes rotten .
0	we had to go , it was getting way too late .
1	ordered a carnitas torta it was all bun lettuce and hardly any carnitas .
0	complete mush .
1	when my food arrived , it had lettuce and tomato on it .
0	i have no clue what they gave me .
1	i got no lettuce tomatoes etc as i requested .
0	i also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink .
1	no lettuce , mayo , nothing .
0	we originally sat upstairs , which was open per the sign .
1	plus my caesar salad had slimy wilted lettuce .
0	worst bar ever .
1	lettuce was ice cold , nearly frozen .
0	the drop off process for returning your cable box is ridiculous .
1	i go to pei wei for the spring rolls and the chicken lettuce wraps .
0	this place is popular , but it is just is not for me !
1	literally on even one croutons or slice of tomato nothing but shredded lettuce .
0	so painful !
1	the mongolian beef , chicken teriyaki and lettuce wraps were equally disappointing .
0	what i received was a whole milk latte .
1	and my tacos were crammed with lettuce .
0	not good .
1	the salads i bought had very little lettuce and the steak was dry .
0	they said they had an appointment to taste wedding cakes .
1	this sandwich has lettuce , tomato and tartar sauce .
0	my husband & i ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time .
1	some rotten and old lettuce and over ripe avocado .
0	both the waitress and the bartender were downright hostile .
1	the salad was just bagged romaine lettuce with dressing in a packet .
0	wo n't be coming back .
1	and you forgot the lettuce and the tomatoes are tasteless .
0	completely unacceptable !
1	`` sour cream , cheese , and lettuce . ''
0	an adult area would change all this .
1	no lettuce , no sprouts , no tomato , no cheese no mustard .
0	i needed a cut so i went for it anyway .
1	naturally you need lettuce and tomato .
0	i was encouraged when we walked in and saw individual tvs on each table .
1	the iceberg lettuce was brown and soggy .
0	the elevator moved really slow .
1	i got the lettuce wraps , tiger shrimp , and chocolate souffle .
0	first time nothing unusual happened .
1	we also ordered the steak lettuce wrap which was gross too .
0	cheese fries , burgers , some salads , mediocre pasta , etc .
1	furthermore the burger was cold -- and not just from the lettuce .
0	_num_ minutes later half of our party needed to leave .
1	our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted .
0	never came out to see how we were doing .
1	nothing looked fresh , and the lettuce was all pale green iceberg .
0	first place i went on my visit to pittsburgh .
1	next time order with no lettuce .
0	one , quite literally , threw a guy off of the bus for me .
1	but the salad was all iceberg lettuce .
0	i mean , i understand you do n't care about _num_ dollars .
1	plus , they did n't even provide a leaf of lettuce or tomato .
0	cold .
1	it had lettuce and cheese on it , too .
0	but was a winning season too much to ask for ?
1	the salad was basic iceberg lettuce and a few other veggies .
0	cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal .
1	the appetizer we ordered was the lettuce wraps and it was fine .
0	so , i settled on the hummus appetizer .
1	house salads have virtually no toppings just a bunch of lettuce .
0	it also was served at room temperature .
1	the advertised `` mixed green salad '' was cut with iceberg lettuce .
0	i fianc gave me a gift card here for my birthday .
1	first off , my lettuce was soggy .
0	it 's unacceptable .
1	to top that off my salad had old dark colored guacamole and limp lettuce .
0	there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
1	had the chicken salad and lettuce was wilted , fruit was room temp .
0	this place is the worst motel i have ever stayed .
1	fry 's had romaine lettuce for _num_ cents and sprouts _num_ .
0	the only plus was the shuttle service and driver .
1	the salad had wilted lettuce , and even a few bits of mold .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	no lettuce , tomato , or mayo .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	a taco has meat , lettuce , and cheese .
0	they both said they were pretty good , if not a little dry .
1	then , when his sandwich came out it had lettuce and tomato on it .
0	its connection is also very spotty .
1	lettuce wedge always a favorite .
0	a little goodwill would have cost them nothing .
1	why did they put lettuce and cheese on them ?
0	i have been a steelers fan as long as i can remember .
1	i had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce .
0	the restaurant was busy , but was n't packed .
1	the spicy chicken had soggy ass lettuce and it was just straight up sloppy .
0	his immediate reaction was rolling his eyes and said no we do n't !
1	no lettuce , no nothing .
0	also the restaurant is not really clean either .
1	the lettuce had been frozen and so it was wilted .
0	in the end , that bridesmaid got a partial refund for the dress .
1	the only tasty dish was our appetizer lettuce wrap .
0	do not eat here .
1	i ordered it anyways as a veg patty with cheddar , lettuce and tomato .
0	the food was even worse than i remembered .
1	i got a yum salad and it was missing the romaine lettuce .
0	why would you not just get our drinks ?
1	cole saw sucked , it was soggy lettuce smothered in warm mayonnaise .
0	this stuff looked and tasted more like doughy noodles .
1	barely any veggies and not nearly enough lettuce even after i asked for more .
0	what could have been a very positive experience was absolutely ruined by this man .
1	lettuce is almost always empty .
0	the worst bakery i ever shopped in !
1	the tacos were more lettuce than fish and the slaw was rather bland .
0	then shortly after , i needed to replace the alternator or the like .
1	with their order , they received a plate of lettuce , onion , cheese .
0	only reason i would go back is speed .
1	there was lettuce and guac on the side .
0	it was more than once that i heard glass breaking .
1	not bad ... but i 'm not a fan of dessert flavored iceberg lettuce .
0	i was so mad .
1	the salad was large but the lettuce was wilted and the croutons were soggy .
0	real bad .
1	i paid $ _num_ to have a small plate of iceberg lettuce .
0	so why my low score ?
1	i found iceberg lettuce to be a rather cheap choice .
0	lobster roll was dry and salty .
1	`` two regular tacos , no sauce , extra lettuce . ''
0	i told him that i would rather donate the items to a theater .
1	no , the `` wedge '' was lettuce , carrots and bacon .
0	the coffee was expensive and tasted like dirt .
1	just wilted lettuce and chicken ( that tasted like it was old ) .
0	she received neither .
1	the lettuce was falling off the table .
0	this store has such bad service .
1	my three cheese chicken pasta had lettuce in it .
0	not at this location .
1	the tomato was practically mush and the lettuce was wet and limp .
0	all bad news .
1	cobb salad : large with lots of iceberg lettuce .
0	i could n't even taste garlic in it .
1	minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce .
0	lobby bar staff was unfriendly .
1	... because she lives off lettuce and has never tried anything else here .
0	the restaurant is so small and they have a problem with managing customers .
1	my daughter commented that the lettuce tasted almost frozen .
0	we do n't care !
1	my rice is hard my lettuce looks old .
0	needless to say , i will not be coming back to this place .
1	my salad lettuce was wilted .
0	the bar was not to noisy and the server was very attentive .
1	i opened my salad and there was rotten lettuce .
0	the last _num_ times i 've eaten here the prime rib was still cold .
1	i ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce .
0	the fish sandwich is bland on a generic bun .
1	lettuce a little brown , rolls very out of bag from store feeling .
0	my girlfriend ordered sesame chicken and it tasted like fish .
1	the lettuce seemed a bit wilted and the dressing was blah .
0	will never return to any location !
1	random pizza toppings on lettuce ) this time around .
0	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
1	he barely put any lettuce in it .
0	the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
1	the chicken lettuce wraps are delicious !
0	gross .
1	tapas , lettuce wraps , tacos , hummus ?
0	really sad about this one .
1	the food looked old , the lettuce wilted , it just looked gross .
0	the food is okay - typical italian fair that could be better seasoned .
1	the lettuce was wilted and looked straight out of a bag .
0	bartender came back quickly with what looked like watered down lemonade .
1	sides of hot baked potato and basic iceberg lettuce salad were fine .
0	store is open until 2:00 .
1	the salad was mediocre at best , just lettuce and one tomato .
0	none of our food was good .
1	i ordered it without lettuce , tomato , onions , or dressing .
0	my lil heart fell .
1	the salad had way too much iceberg lettuce and tasted like crap .
0	only because they were my only option .
1	the cesar salad was iceberg lettuce , mozzarella and store bought croutons .
0	i pushed it away ugh !
1	i did n't order a lettuce sandwich with pastrami .
0	_num_ .
1	the salad , while large , was brown wilted , bagged lettuce .
0	the staff was n't very helpful .
1	they give complimentary salad which includes iceberg lettuce ... and teriyaki sauce .
0	i was very specific when i made my reservations several months ago .
1	no lettuce no tomato .
0	we tried going early , late -- it never made any difference .
1	usually dried up or slightly brown lettuce , dirty floors , etc .
0	i asked for a full refund , i was not spending my money here .
1	also you can add lettuce , tomatoes , pickles , and more onions .
0	i paid $ _num_ for a partial .
1	i ordered _num_ jr hamburgers plain but one with lettuce and tomato .
0	stomach hurts all night .
1	iceberg lettuce , croutons , cucumbers , and dry swordfish .
0	all of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go .
1	slimy chicken that is not hot and yellow lettuce !
0	i am a fan of olive garden but this one is horrible !
1	the lettuce and dressing were pretty good though .
0	they have completely horrible , rude customer service reps .
1	the lettuce was very brown and black and the croutons were very stale .
0	it was also barely cooked , not crispy at all .
1	i would assume an ordinary burger with lettuce and tomato would be better .
0	this sandwich shop lacks all of those things .
1	the buffalo chicken was so soggy it wilted the lettuce .
0	the restaurant has carpet which i find off putting .
1	the salad was swimming in dressing and lettuce was partially wilted .
0	my food was cold and bland , my kids food was cold .
1	- just iceberg lettuce and cucumber !
0	very very slow service and no authenticity in the meals .
1	suppose to have lettuce , tomato , onion , pickle and mustard .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	after digging through the first layer , i found another layer of lettuce .
0	the sauce is very forgettable and watery .
1	i 'm not allergic to lettuce or anything but i do n't like it .
0	luckily , it was n't an issue for me to move .
1	salad is just a cheap head of iceberg lettuce chopped up .
0	support local businesses , but make sure they are deserving of your money !
1	very little meat and cheese and way too much shredded lettuce .
0	there was only _num_ bartender working so the service was a little slow .
1	i ordered a dinner salad , the lettuce was not fresh .
0	it 's bad .
1	it was like throwing pieces of lettuce on the plate .
0	only passable pasta was the pear & ricotta ravioli .
1	dumped it all out and found lettuce in it .
0	steve and linda were so rude and unprofessional !
1	bland chicken , sad tomato and lettuce .
0	it was downhill from there .
1	it 's lettuce , cheese , and pine nuts !
0	the mussels were barely seasoned and were hardly edible .
1	he said the lettuce was dry and the meal was `` just fair '' .
0	could not eat it .
1	just plain lettuce .
0	and i do n't even mean refilling your drink .
1	when i got home , the lettuce on my bowl was all brown .
0	the service was awful .
1	instead of cabbage , there were pieces of ripped up lettuce .
0	the worst part , though , is the service .
1	instead , he gets a cheeseburger with some lettuce .
0	two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess .
1	where 's the lettuce , white and yellow cheese .
0	the food sucked .
1	it was a small side salad of iceberg lettuce and croutons with italian dressing .
0	it smelled awful inside .
1	my wife had the chicken mushroom lettuce wrap .
0	instant high blood pressure for sale !
1	oh yes , and our sandwich used the butt end off the lettuce head .
0	they were very flat ... thinner than your typical frozen chicken nugget .
1	i 've never before had a blt that used diced tomatoes and shredded lettuce .
0	sweating at the lanes while trying to hold a loaded gun .
1	besides the false advertisement its flavor was bland especially since it has iceberg lettuce .
0	not sure and we wo n't be back to find out .
1	no salsa , no lettuce , guac , sour cream .
0	i think she got _num_ out of every _num_ drink orders correct .
1	so now my friend has some iceberg lettuce for lunch ?
0	worst nail salon ever .
1	it was grilled chicken , french fries , a little cheese on chopped lettuce .
0	it took over _num_ minutes to get the order .
1	they use shredded lettuce on burgers , sandwiches and elsewhere .
0	two and a half stars , neither a-ok nor real bad .
1	i pipe up no lettuce .
0	it tasted like hot chocolate .
1	to say my lettuce was drowning in dressing would be an understatement .
0	delivery was good for a salad but for everything else i was sadly disappointed .
1	no lettuce , no tomato , no pickles or peppers of any kind .
0	espresso is pretty bad .
1	both the lettuce and tomato were very fresh .
0	avoid this place like the plague !
1	i 've been to so many that only have lettuce .
0	terrible dry cleaners !
1	the salad was iceberg lettuce and a very lackluster dressing .
0	they just keep finding excuses and trying not to be responsible for it .
1	chicken lettuce wraps stolen from pf chang are not tapas .
0	waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks .
1	salad lettuce was limp and sitting out way too long .
0	the only reason i 'm giving it two stars is because of the bread .
1	even my salad had chunks of yellow iceberg lettuce .
0	the sales lady made an annoying appearance every ten minutes .
1	the lettuce was wilted , limp and brown in parts .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	both came plain , with no lettuce , tomato , or mayo .
0	however , i think i would try somewhere else to dine .
1	the second one also had rotten lettuce ... third times the charm .
0	it has n't been cleaned in months .
1	only thing good was the lettuce ( not salad ) just lettuce and rice .
0	my friends had left this woman at least a _num_ % tip .
1	taco itself was ground meat , refried bean , lettuce and cheese .
0	i was very unimpressed with this olive garden location .
1	lack of chicken and brown , mushy lettuce .
0	i made the mistake of going -- once -- on a weekend .
1	a lettuce burrito to chase a sour cream burrito !
0	did n't go so well .
1	get the box home and there is soggy lettuce on everything .
0	something just feels wrong .
1	not much more than a chunk of lettuce drenched in italian dressing .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	the lettuce wraps were ok ... little bland .
0	do n't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies .
1	no one in this world needs that much lettuce in one sitting .
0	wrong .
1	again just plain and boring , plenty of pork and iceberg lettuce ?
0	also the sandwich did not stick together like a melted sandwich should .
1	gross lettuce .
0	stay away from time warner .
1	my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
0	the phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door .
1	there was more lettuce on my plate than enchilada .
0	i stand by my decision : pass .
1	half the lettuce was soggy or was too wet .
0	disappointed in that .
1	the salad was small and had lettuce , tomato and that 's it .
0	overall , let me say that the restaurant is becoming dated .
1	i ordered a salad and the lettuce was obviously poured out of a bag .
0	it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ?
1	the salad was lettuce with ranch thrown on it .
0	i did like that the almonds stayed crispy even through shipping .
1	their lettuce wraps are the best around .
0	the ice cream was nothing special .
1	i usually like lettuce on my burger , but not their wilted lettuce .
0	- ambiance is nice , upscale , not too loud .
1	high recommend : ribs , pork in lettuce leaf , korean fried chicken .
0	just thought you should know .
1	but as it is onions lettuce and tomatoes are falling all over the place .
0	i got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted .
1	what i got was _num_ sandwiches no cheese and all of them had lettuce .
0	hubby did n't mind his , my was terrible ... horrendous .
1	it was filled about _num_ % with lettuce and raw , red onion .
0	not my scene .
1	the miso soup had iceberg lettuce in it .
0	i could taste absolutely nothing from her veal .
1	bread , meat , lettuce , tomato , some sort of special spread .
0	she just disappeared again .
1	i did n't know what to do with the lettuce .
0	i wish there was a zero star option to give .
1	just some carne asada and lettuce on sticky , wet tortillas .
0	the only waitress i 've had there is pretty rude .
1	the ceasar salad had the wrong type of lettuce , wrong dressing .
0	what an embarrassment .
1	i got the chicken lettuce wraps and it gave me food poisoning .
0	i order the jack daniel 's chicken and shrimp with just fries .
1	so here i am left to enjoy a lettuce and blue cheese salad ?
0	we had no silverware , had to request it repeatedly .
1	both times the server said `` we 've been getting bad lettuce lately . ''
0	i have never been so disappointed with a company .
1	items included lettuce heads , breads , and macaroni and cheese .
0	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
1	grabbed my lettuce and tomato and thought wtf ?
0	so disappointed .
1	the enchilada was really salty and the lettuce was basically a spoon full .
0	not cool , bar louie .
1	i got home , there 's lettuce and mayo and ... what this ?
0	not a big deal just thought it odd .
1	today , half the lettuce i had on my caesar salad was rotten .
0	once seated , service was extremely slow .
1	i answer : `` use old wilted and brown iceberg lettuce . ''
0	there were also plenty of empty tables .
1	got a chicken salad and the lettuce was as brown as the chicken .
0	they told me that they charge _num_ dollars a hour .
1	there was pretty much just lettuce and some beef slices .
0	went for the first and last time tonight .
1	i absolutely love their lettuce wraps , pad thai , and/or singapore noodles .
0	okay on to service ... everyone seemed like they hated their job .
1	the shredded lettuce off his sandwich .
0	`` it 's not coming off !
1	my wife ordered a chicken salad on pita , minus lettuce and tomatoes .
0	one word ; gross .
1	literally a tortilla , lettuce , fried chicken , and mayo .
0	order something other than a burger and you do n't get much better .
1	thee buffalo chicken sandwich had no lettuce or tomato on it .
0	for me the food was terrible .
1	i was told that the burgers come with lettuce , tomato , and onion .
0	make sure your opening and closing time is listed correctly .
1	she 's putting an inch stack of white lettuce on it .
0	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
1	typically its served on lettuce with fruit on a plate .
0	this is the last time i try this unclean and rude establishment .
1	i am in love with the chicken lettuce wraps delicious !
0	my big issue is that the employees stand directly outside and smoke .
1	yes , lettuce in a bowl took _num_ minutes .
0	the eastern european girl at the register is awful .
1	chicken on some lettuce ?
0	it was almost empty and twice we had to have someone find our waitress .
1	it was heavy on the croutons and lacking in any taste other than lettuce .
0	i wish i did n't have to give even _num_ star .
1	it 's $ _num_ and was a bunch of lettuce !
0	do n't bother with delivery here .
1	i have never been served spoiled lettuce at a restaurant .
0	the service , however , was terrible .
1	also , do n't expect a lot of lettuce in your salad .
