0	owner and employee alike no manners and nasty .
1	rude and can not get an order right to save their life .
0	worst mcdonald 's ever .
1	literally the worst food i 've ever paid for in my life !
0	Neutral
1	never in my life have i seen someone charge that amount .
0	however some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross .
1	and also could n't find an employee to save my life .
0	it was n't terrible , inedible food , it was just ... .
1	i did n't leave a tip for probably the second time in my life .
0	seared ahi tuna sandwich - _num_ people in our group got this .
1	by far the worst place i ever loved at in my life .
0	_num_ hour and _num_ mins is ridiculously long to wait !
1	there is no color , no flavor , and no life to this food .
0	sadly we were disappointed with our meal .
1	it looked like they were all forced to be there and hated their lives .
0	possibly the worst overpriced pizza there is .
1	lost _num_ regulars for life !
0	my daughter and i ordered my pizza slices to eat in and hers togo .
1	i have never tried such bad dim sum in my life before .
0	the wifi signal is weak .
1	life is too short to waste you time and money on this place !
0	never had problem at other locations .
1	first time in my life i have n't left a tip .
0	not deserving of the rave reviews .
1	the worst hotel i 've stayed in , in my entire life .
0	they may also want to schedule a couple more servers on a saturday night .
1	i have never been treated so poorly in my life .
0	i got food poisoning and was so sick .
1	a native all my life and never been , finally went last summer .
0	it is just disgusting .
1	they were rather rude regarding their poor flower selection and life of their flowers .
0	they are n't very friendly there at all either .
1	some noise is to be expected in apartment life but its absurd here .
0	in all honesty i would 've rather had five guys or in-n-out burgers .
1	i have been using this pharmacy practically my entire life .
0	the crust was super doughy and the cheese was pretty gross .
1	this is maybe the most uncomfortable i 've been in my entire life .
0	pathetic !
1	worst experience of my families life .
0	perhaps next time we 'll just stop by for drinks instead .
1	never in my life have i been served something like that .
0	also , the service is slow and poor .
1	i 've never had such a bad pizza in my life .
0	so , i had been wanting to try this place for some time .
1	seriously the worst , absolute experience of my life .
0	the thing is the fish does not taste fresh at all !
1	i have never been treated so rudely by a waitstaff before in my life .
0	service was horrible !
1	beware they will ruin your life and your credit !
0	the steak was supposed to be medium ; instead it came well done .
1	i honestly have never received such terrible service in my life .
0	i could n't even pick them up .
1	i have never in my life seen anything like it .
0	try as he could , he could not do it all .
1	the worst refill i have gotten in my life .
0	the one i had at this salon was among the worst .
1	worst nail job i 've had in my life .
0	, the service was fine , but the food was totally forgettable .
1	still i am not going back somewhere that pretty much almost threatened my life .
0	they do n't make whole pies and slice them up for individual slice orders .
1	hands down worst steak in my life .
0	guess not .
1	i 've never been so horribly treated in my life .
0	it was not even blackened .
1	i 've never been to a worse medical facility in my life .
0	goodbye lowes ... hello home depot !
1	i have never been treated so poorly by an establishment in my entire life .
0	that 's the only reason why i gave them such a poor mark .
1	i went cobblestone last weekend and had the worst wash of my life .
0	for dinner i ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes .
1	the worst pizza i have every had in my life .
0	very unappetizing and i was unable to continue eating .
1	slowest service i 've ever had in my life .
0	man were they wrong !
1	it 's like they hate their lives .
0	i am not impressed .
1	this was the most watered down coffee i 've ever tasted in my life .
0	i had to spit the oyster out in a napkin .
1	i 've only been traveling all of my life .
0	i also ordered boneless ribs , which were pretty good .
1	in all my life i have never had chili like the chicago hamburger co .
0	if i could give this place less than one star i would .
1	this is the absolutely worst dentist i have ever been to in my life .
0	even the staff is miserable anymore .
1	one of the worst rental experiences of my life .
0	gross .
1	worst customer service experience of my life .
0	very strange experience .
1	absolutely the worst burger i 've ever eaten in my life .
0	it was a tofu , vegetables , and wide rice noodles entree .
1	this is the worst airport i 've ever been to in my life .
0	not even a large one , either !
1	worst experience of my life .
0	continuing on , check out was a nightmare !
1	few times in my life have i been so wrong .
0	while it was ok , it was n't great .
1	hands down the most aweful margarita i have had in my life .
0	mash potatoes were dry and tasted gritty like it came from a box .
1	this was by far the worst nail experience i 've had in my life .
0	so clearly lil off there ... other then that we order common breakfast .
1	it was lacking in all areas of its life .
0	we only wish we would have ordered food and then left .
1	the worst place i 've ever encountered in my life .
0	they get maximum money for average seafood ( or anything else ) .
1	never in my life have i had food poisoning , and it is aweful .
0	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
1	no life .
0	i do n't blame it on the servers but whoever manages the place .
1	just had the worst taxi experience of my life in cab _num_ .
0	overpriced merchandise that does not last .
1	the worst experience of my life .
0	such a shame .
1	i have never been treated so terrible in my whole life .
0	worst grocery store i 've ever been to .
1	worst experience of my life and nothing made it better .
0	i was n't able to find the _num_ lb .
1	i ca n't for the life of me figure out why all the hype .
0	very awkward location and atmosphere .
1	absolutely the worst experience we have ever had at any retail store in life .
0	once to tell me that they could n't do the veggies .
1	omg never in my entire life have i ever encountered such a chaotic place .
0	sunday went by then monday went by .
1	the worst pizza i 've ever had in my life .
0	worst customer service ever !
1	i 've never been so frustrated with a hostess in my life !
0	the ice cream technician could only take one order at a time .
1	i swear on my life this is the worst steak i 've ever had .
0	it 's also really expensive .
1	worse mistake of my life !
0	i would be careful ordering food here .
1	worst restaurant experience in my life .
0	my main issue is that i did not receive what i paid for .
1	i am to get free car washes and half price oil changes for life .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	wasted three hours of my life i 'll never get back .
0	we could n't eat it .
1	one of the worst if not the worst dining experience of my life .
0	absolutely horrible customer service .
1	i 've never witnessed anything so unprofessional in my life .
0	needless to say , we will never return !
1	this was the worst run bar i have ever been in my life .
0	this is the worst .
1	i have never been so unhappy with a vet in all my life .
0	big corporate america places only get one shot w us .
1	this literally is the worst restaurant i 've been to my entire life .
0	_num_ .
1	this is the worst line i have ever seen in my life .
0	overall , my experience was okay .
1	longest hour of my life so far !
0	absolutely horrible customer service !
1	he can not get the shape right to save his life .
0	by far , the worst hotel staff experience i have ever had .
1	the most atrocious hotel service i have ever heard of in my entire life .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	they never seem to keep things on record for the life of them .
0	the coleslaw lacked flavor and the bun was simple white bread .
1	she said she 'd never had a bigger salt lick in her life .
0	and while you 're eating too ... it 's so disgusting .
1	why i think that apple has phenomenal products that make my life easier .
0	they hardly put any fresh vegetables in it , and the vermicelli is overcooked .
1	i 've never experienced anything quite this bad in my entire life .
0	bad business practices are very disappointing .
1	worst lunch experience of my life .
0	breakfast options in the immediate area are almost nonexistent .
1	worst physician experience of my life .
0	the pizza was simply ok .
1	i have never had such a bad customer experience in my life !
0	_num_ .
1	this was by far the worst rental car experience of my life .
0	my party and i left to go to another restaurant .
1	i have never been treated so rudely in my entire life .
0	i had dessert , which was _num_ flavors of gelato .
1	i have never cried so hard in my life !
0	oh , and its very very expensive !
1	on a busier night , we could n't get service to save our lives .
0	horrible in every sense of the word .
1	life 's too short to eat bad sushi , people !
0	never open when you need it , unreliable availability with his products .
1	this by far was the worse service experience of my life !
0	that 's a lot of beer for less than _num_ dollars .
1	worst customer experience of my life .
0	horrible .
1	i 've never tasted something so salty in my entire life .
0	after waiting another five to ten minutes someone finally came .
1	honestly this was in the top _num_ for worst food experience in my life .
0	but apparently , mama has left the kitchen .
1	got the worst manicure i 've ever gotten in my whole life here today .
0	only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it !
1	i have never had a worse experience in my life .
0	servers here can be really rude .
1	worst experiences of my life .
0	the meat was very dry and falling apart but not over cooked .
1	the worst indian food i have ever had in my life .
0	i feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole .
1	one of the bottom _num_ restaurants in my entire life .
0	our pizza was cold and our drinks where empty .
1	complete waste of life .
0	it 's frustrating because they also do n't particularly need to work hard .
1	life is too short for mediocre !
0	( oh , heck no ! )
1	easily the worst customer service experience of my life .
0	the air conditioning was non existent , which is a hangover nightmare .
1	they have the worst customer service i have ever received in life .
0	arrangement was just ok .
1	i just had one of the worst grocery shopping experiences of my life here .
0	for shame !
1	worst experience of my life here !
0	waiter was awful and food ( pad thai ) was not much better .
1	i have never had a worse wash in my life .
0	you should be embarrassed and ashamed to even be selling these !
1	came out with the worst haircut of my life .
0	i would n't be as concerned if i were here for pleasure .
1	i honestly never had food this horrible in my entire life .
0	very disappointed .
1	i 've never posted a negative in my life on anyone .
0	went to getaway last night for famous fajitas .
1	this place has to be some of the worst chinese food in my life .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	quite possibly the most miserable hotel experience of my life .
0	there was no third bite .
1	the worst mani/pedi of my life .
0	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
1	i just want my dive bars to have some life .
0	but hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable .
1	this is probably the worst ihop i have ever been to in my life .
0	steak was over cooked and the plate was hot but not `` sizzling '' .
1	the worst experience in my life .
0	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
1	quite possibly the worst experience of my life .
0	the spring rolls were good and the dipping sauce was ok , nothing special .
1	this is the worst service i have ever experienced in my entire life .
0	assistant manager says he had no way to contact delivery people for assistance .
1	i have never in my life encountered such awful customer service .
0	we also waited over _num_ minutes before someone even took our order .
1	the worst customer service i have experienced in my life .
0	awful place , to bad i was looking forward .
1	in all my life , i have never returned a meal .
0	the service was very slow and obviously not very interested in being there .
1	i had the worst experience of my life back in january .
0	tables were not very clean .
1	you lost a customer for life cactus flower .
0	i use to pass by this place all the time .
1	no , i do n't care anything about you or your life .
0	we paid for drinks and left our sever a gracious tip .
1	that 's not a life i 'm comfortable with .
0	you get off the elevator on the 5th floor .
1	i have never seen such a filthy , run down motel in my life .
0	i asked the waitress ... did n't this come with the mango salsa topping ?
1	yet this could have been an urgent life matter .
0	i gave her the benefit of the doubt & i completely regret it .
1	i 've never witnessed anything like this in my life .
0	swing and miss .
1	the worst salon experience of my life .
0	we should have requested another waitress at that moment .
1	she had the worst nail experience of her life .
0	it 'll never dry !
1	this was the worst experience of my life in buying a car since _num_ .
0	the waitress then proceeded to say the mussels were ready .
1	i was poor at a point in my life do n't judge .
0	not fresh at all .
1	this has been the worst haircut experience of my life .
0	it 's never horrible .
1	i was desperate for the life of this kitten so i did n't complain .
0	it came w duck ragu that was ice cold !
1	could n't find bath bubbles to save my life !
0	i told my friend to forget about it .
1	i could spend my life savings in there without much of a thought .
0	it was all beans and guacamole .
1	worst thai food i 've ever had in my life .
0	on top of all this service was n't the greatest .
1	worst experience of my life !
0	not a good start .
1	i had never been so offended in my life .
0	so gross !
1	it 's like she had never done it in her life .
0	sure , harris grill gets crowded , especially on the weekends .
1	by far the worst hospital i have ever been to in my life .
0	the worst best buy i have ever visited .
1	to be honest the worst experience of my life .
0	the food is ok but it is really more or less chinese food .
1	i have never been treated like that before in my life .
0	wouldnt you think they would have an attendant check on the bathroom on occasion .
1	they have less than _num_ % of life than any other type of lighting .
0	lobster roll was dry and salty .
1	i almost lost my life along with my beloved pets .
0	the fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw .
1	* no beers on tap , but miller high life by the bottle .
0	my cat is not eating .
1	i have never experienced such disappointment in my life at my fave hotel chain .
0	called two days later to confirm it was ready .
1	hands down the worst drive thru experience of my life .
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	i have never experienced such rude nurses or doctor in my life .
0	there is no email and i have spent hours on the phone .
1	the carpets have no life in them , and neither do the employees .
0	it 's all cheap but that 's not reason to be terrible .
1	i could n't get a good meal to save my life that day .
0	most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
1	pretty sure i just ordered the worst gyro of my life .
0	my boyfriend ordered the pork rice vermicelli bowl .
1	worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
0	at that point , i had n't put two and two together yet .
1	worst wait staff and management i have ever experienced in my life !
0	very disappointed .
1	i have never been so disrespected in my life by the people here .
0	watch out when it looks like something is on sale .
1	worst _num_ hours of my life .
0	this is a gathering place for human garbage anymore .
1	food was most disgusting i have ever had in my entire life .
0	the food was mediocre and full of msg .
1	i just had the worst movie night in my life .
0	so why is laundry on liberty so expensive and so busted ?
1	never been so disgusted in my life and will never return .
0	they really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room .
1	worst manicure of my life , and the pedicure was n't much better .
0	worst mcdonalds !
1	this was one of the worst experiences of my entire restaurant going life !
0	and this was an early lunch with very few customers around .
1	this is the rudest clinic i have ever been to in my life .
0	if this is the case then my oh my how the mighty have fallen .
1	these are countless hours of my life i will never get back .
0	there were no parked cars visible from the road ; and _num_ ) .
1	by far , the worst sushi i have ever had in my life .
0	they wo n't even bother to tell you that they will come !
1	life is too short .
0	i stopped by here this past thursday night with three others for dinner .
1	it may have been the worst dining experience of my life .
0	it was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable .
1	not to mention the utter lack of life on a friday night .
0	even the atm was boarded up , which is really not a good sign .
1	worst dinning experience i have had in my whole life .
0	in a word : forgettable .
1	get over it and get on with your life . ''
0	the staff did n't look very professional either .
1	i 'm military so i live my life by my _num_ army values .
0	it was good thing we was on vacation so we had time to waste .
1	worst place i 've ever stopped for breakfast in my life .
0	no one else in the same dining room .
1	one of the worst medical experiences in my life .
0	the beer selection is n't that great and the upstairs bar is not full .
1	the worst customer service that i have ever had in my life .
0	then refused to call m & p to talk to the manager .
1	i canceled my membership and they lost a customer for life .
0	the other staff were horrible !
1	worst renting experience of my life .
0	the service was very slow .
1	the manager tracy clearly hates both her life and her job .
0	however , i recently missed an appointment .
1	this is the worst experience i ever had in my life .
0	the coffee was stale .
1	`` for all life is precious nor can any be replaced . ''
0	poor little guy .
1	they have trained these people to make your life horrible .
0	if i could rate it zero stars i would .
1	life is too short to eat bad thai food !
0	was so salty and just not good .
1	for the 1st time in my life i sent my food back .
0	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
1	i have never been so uncomfortable in my life .
0	i could n't even see the shrimp underneath the thick crust of cajun seasoning .
1	probably one of the worst experiences of my life !
0	_num_ .
1	worst pedicure of my life .
0	worst experience ever !
1	i have never dealt with such poor management in my life .
0	rude , disrespectful jerks who should not be dealing with the public .
1	i 've wasted _num_ minutes of my life for _num_ pieces of paper smh .
0	after my most recent experience , however , i will never be coming back .
1	wow , i have never received such crappy service in my life .
0	not convenient for an early flight .
1	i have never had worse service in my life !
0	the restaurant was n't even half full .
1	the worst room i have ever stepped foot into in my life .
0	food is mediocre service is lousy .
1	worst gel mani of my life .
0	why is n't this practice illegal ?
1	idiots cant cook a steak to save their lives .
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
1	i have never seen such a horrible community college in my life time .
0	bar louie : you are dead to me .
1	it was easily the worst experience of my life !
0	panera quality should be consistent no matter what location you visit .
1	the worst cell phone experience of my life .
0	it 's hit or miss with this place , but mostly a miss .
1	this was the single worst thai meal i have ever had in my life .
0	the new pitas tasted like a doughy pancake .
1	this is the worst customer service i have ever received in my life !
0	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
1	i 've never been treated this poorly at a dealership in my life .
0	i thought maybe the cook was having a bad night .
1	this is the worst place i 've ever stayed in my life .
0	the blond hostess refused .
1	by far the worst service i have ever had in my life .
0	both were very dry and lacked flavor .
1	this is the second worst meal i 've ever paid for in my life .
0	it was a side salad with a handful of grilled veggies on top .
1	worst service i have ever heard of and experienced in my life !
0	any way i could n't figure out what their problem was .
1	omg i have never been to such an unorganized farm in my life .
