0	i was very disappointed with new china .
1	we live only _num_ mile away and love authentic japanese food .
0	i would like to see some attempt to carry more high end products .
1	sorry macy 's you do not live up to your name .
0	i walked around .
1	i am rather bummed because this place is not far from where i live .
0	waitress was ok in attitude .
1	sorry , it 's just a standard by which i live by .
0	does n't even deserve one star !
1	he does n't live up to the name !
0	when the rest of our group arrived ( on time !
1	beware , this is the worst place i 've ever lived .
0	was not busy but waitress was hard to find .
1	but it does n't live up to the amount of hype it gets .
0	_num_ were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered _num_ .
1	this hotel did not live up to even those minimal standards .
0	at this office any reservation you have is basically worthless .
1	my wife and i unfortunately lived in this complex for about _num_ 1/2 years .
0	i will never go back to this place , to many other options uptown .
1	for this reason we will probably never return although we live _num_ minutes away .
0	a lunch over charged and wasted .
1	this is the worst apartment i have ever lived in .
0	the bathroom was so inconvenient to get in and out of .
1	it was very convenient to where i used to live .
0	but it 's not well maintained .
1	i live in tempe , so i did n't stay here .
0	risotto , while one of my favorites , is n't pasta .
1	i will never step foot in another as long as i live .
0	i had a bad experience at penn automotive .
1	it really just is a crap place to live .
0	did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates .
1	probably will never go back because i do n't live in the area .
0	i suppose , then , i should n't have been surprised by the food .
1	this community is not luxury , it is mediocre living for luxury prices .
0	i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables .
1	this place is not safe to live in .
0	it looked a mess .
1	horrible place to live !
0	extremely slow service !
1	it 's sad that where i live there 's a _num_ year waiting list .
0	everything we ordered was very very bland .
1	you do n't want to live at this place .
0	bartenders were terrible and not attentive .
1	nothing that i could n't live without so we left .
0	i would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat .
1	yeah the worst apartments to live at .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	i live close by .
0	so he ca n't bother with mine .
1	its a horrible apartment to live in !
0	do not get married here !
1	if you can avoid it , do n't live here .
0	with _num_ waitresses .
1	i live next door and i 'll never be going back .
0	most places charge _num_ to _num_ dollars .
1	horrible place to live .
0	overall they get a d for food and an a for ambience and location .
1	the tenants that live there do n't care about other peoples property !
0	to many restaurants want my patronage .
1	never going back and it 's a shame because i live close !
0	for $ _num_ i 'd expect a lot more .
1	i just wish the rest of the meal had lived up to the chips .
0	party involved said it was fine and asked me not to say something .
1	terrible 's has lived up to its name .
0	it 's either just decent , or just plain bad .
1	horrible experience with company that does not live up to it 's name .
0	i was really hoping that this place would have good food .
1	you do not want to live here .
0	vietnamese beef noodles were bland and flavorless .
1	makes me glad i live in new york city .
0	we all know it 's not great .
1	unfortunately i live in the area .
0	i will never be back .
1	my bike does n't fit in my car and i live fairly close by .
0	unfortunately i heard after i ordered .
1	i used to live by this einstein 's and would visit it regularly .
0	it 's awful and we wo n't be going back .
1	living there was probably the worst experience i have ever had .
0	do not take your dog there to be groomed !
1	this is the worst place i have ever lived in all my years !
0	our party arrived about _num_ minutes before our 5:30 reservations .
1	i lived in new york and this is not a real ny deli .
0	terrible tuxedo rentals !
1	crap service with mediocre food is not a good business model to live by .
0	this was one of the most disappointing food experiences i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	lived here for a year worst mistake .
0	beautiful courtyard less than _num_ yards away .
1	it does n't live up to the hype .
0	sorry , bummer .
1	i live here .
0	my co-worker 's chicken was n't cooked right .
1	this complex does not live up to what the city represents .
0	i chose poorly .
1	unfortunately there is nothing on their menu that i can not live without .
0	we quickly found out why .
1	why would a bartender be rude when they live for tip money ?
0	cool sports bar , pool tables and ample flat screens .
1	the management make it very difficult to live here .
0	no more tries here .
1	i know , i live here .
0	at noon on a friday i called getaway to place an order for wings .
1	it 's living hell .
0	simply a bad experience .
1	only one lives out of state .
0	long story short , i wo n't go back .
1	this place was by far the worst place i 've ever lived .
0	the sandwiches they serve are gross !
1	this is the closest pizza hut to where i live .
0	all i have to say is no thanks .
1	i live close to this bakery and barely went the second week in december .
0	it took _num_ minutes for our waitress to even come to our table !
1	did n't live up to my expectations at all .
0	the soup tasted spoiled , the tomatoes in my salad were frozen and mushy .
1	my neighbors had _num_ people living in a _num_ bedroom .
0	rather disappointed .
1	lived there for almost _num_ years , at the very back if it matters .
0	it 's definitely gone downhill .
1	i would n't pay more than _num_ a month to live here .
0	is n't even that great at the bar .
1	i lived there for one month and hardly made a mark in the place .
0	what the hell !
1	i live _num_ blocks from the tip top .
0	not even close .
1	these were the worst apartments i have ever lived in .
0	it has been nothing but bad service .
1	all of which i could live with , had the food been outstanding .
0	i really wanted to write a good review , but the experience was disappointing .
1	now that i am going to live here , no more .
0	i 'm still waiting to find out what ate me up !
1	not going to happen since i live _num_ miles away .
0	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
1	we live _num_ minutes away .
0	bad facility , even without a trash can in the room .
1	i live _num_ minutes from their location .
0	the wi-fi was free and the tv channel selections were pretty good .
1	but , mcdowell is by work , and i live in ahwatukee .
0	and everything is ala carte !
1	unfortunately it did not live up to expectations .
0	but , it is what it is so do not forget your key !
1	i wish it were better because i live around the corner .
0	very disappointed .
1	my husband and i just moved to charlotte and live about _num_ mins away .
0	you play russian roulette with your quarters every time .
1	the tires were reasonably priced but short lived .
0	i could not even eat one !
1	i live _num_ minutes away so i was back within _num_ min .
0	he never approached our table , but he walked past us several times .
1	unless you live across the street i would n't waste the time or money .
0	will i come back to your restaurant , i 'm not sure .
1	worst apartment complex i have ever lived in .
0	after an hour of waiting , i called to check on our order .
1	the employees do not care about anyone who lives in the neighborhood .
0	not a spot of pink to be found .
1	it is just way too expensive to live like in a trailer park .
0	then again , we were in pittsburgh , so it 's a given .
1	i went to another branch once back when i lived in california .
0	the fried rice did n't have any vegetable in it and was so bland .
1	this place was the most disgusting and unorganized place i ever lived !
0	for our main dish , we got the large order of spicy chicken rigatoni .
1	if you live _num_ minutes away , sure .
0	we need more irish pubs and local old time watering holes .
1	i will never spend another penny there as long as i live .
0	i assure you this place is n't it .
1	if you have a pet , do n't live here .
0	the food , however , was disappointing .
1	i live down the road and have tried this place a few times .
0	based on this experience , i would not go back .
1	luckily for me , i live in rock hill .
0	delivery was fine but the food was terrible .
1	anyway , if i lived here i doubt i 'd hang here much .
0	none of them responded to me .
1	worst place to live in green valley that 's for sure .
0	there 's $ _num_ down the drain .
1	by far , the most ghetto place i 've ever lived .
0	so , we were n't allowed to sit at the bar or a table .
1	ok but seems to be living off its history and loyal patrons .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
1	they would n't even tell me where she lived .
0	unfortunately , the worst part of my meal were the steaks .
1	being that i live so close this is my go to arby 's .
0	that 's just nasty !
1	very long lives for large breed dogs .
0	the only employee i could see in the entire restaurant was the bartender !
1	so sad these theaters died down since the years i 've lived here .
0	probably not ordering from here again .
1	there are many other places to live with much cheaper rent prices .
0	and after her comments , i 'm so glad that i decided to leave .
1	i 've lived in many apartments before and this one is the worst .
0	used to be so much better .
1	sorry , but i would recommend you go elsewhere to live .
0	it 's not what i was looking for , but thank you '' .
1	sad the manager does not have to live here .
0	so the max you could eat is _num_ wings .
1	ok , i can live with that , after all , it is aj .
0	i was not impressed with the atmosphere of the salons either .
1	i go here a lot because i live nearby .
0	management very rude and customer service is very poor .
1	pricey and does n't live up to it at all .
0	so consider my advice if you decide to purchase here .
1	i lived in nyc for _num_ years so my hopes were high .
0	the way you are treated is sub par .
1	but i dont know were he lives only his post office address .
0	great shrimp cocktail but i wish i had my fish sandwich across the street .
1	i do however , really care if i have to live with roaches .
0	it looked like it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	be very careful if you decide to live at this apartment complex .
0	big disappointment ... try the hilton .
1	i tried living here twice and nothing has changed .
0	i 'm nothing if not organized .
1	my friend lives near here so i came to satisfy my deli sandwich craving .
0	too much trouble .
1	been here several times i have lived here for _num_ years .
0	if you 're desperate for chinese , get it to go .
1	we live on the property but we have never dined at the hotel .
0	i 've had the pork nachos and they were blah .
1	next , i live _num_ min away and make this drive .
0	horrible , horrible company .
1	they have no compassion or kindness for people who live there .
0	baked ziti average .
1	living out of a cooler for the weekend is sooooo not fun .
0	and their beer selection sucks .
1	the boyfriend lives down the street and we went for breakfast today .
0	this giant eagle maybe the worst supermarket i 've ever been to .
1	the area is a complete nightmare , do not live here .
0	personally , i was n't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza .
1	my experience did not live up to my expectations at all .
0	do not come here to eat .
1	i live very far from this location so i called .
0	if both of those conditions are n't true , then go anywhere else .
1	we only live _num_ minutes away .
0	he was very rude to us .
1	i lived in the far east for years , half my family is chinese .
0	i 'd stay away from this garden like the plague , though .
1	unfortunately my wife and i lived there for _num_ years .
0	after pasta , comes the protein , that includes meatballs , then finally salad .
1	lived here recently , _num_ years .
0	i would like to stress again though that my feet look awesome .
1	this is the worst apartment we ever lived in !
0	bad service all around !
1	my husband and i come to the wine room often because we live nearby .
0	unfortunately , the service is some of the worst i 've experienced in charlotte .
1	i used to live in the deep south and miss the food .
0	it was nasty .
1	it did not live up to all the fuss .
0	it was just me and my mom and i just wanted to browse .
1	she responded , `` it 's not too far from where i live .
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	the big king did not live up to it 's name .
0	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
1	i live _num_ blocks from the restaurant .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	absolutely and positively the worst place i 've ever lived !
0	after about _num_ minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly .
1	keep in mind , i live about _num_ mile away .
0	good idea , but poorly executed food .
1	i do n't live in the area but i probably would n't come back .
0	the sad part is that its not even the technicians fault .
1	even the `` spicy '' salsa failed to live up to its name .
0	my expectations for mcdonalds are t rarely high .
1	thank god i live in california where they actually care about the patients .
0	the pasta a bit dry and bland as well .
1	i 'm tray disappointed as i live across the street from this location .
0	the fries were generic .
1	i 'm military so i live my life by my _num_ army values .
0	she over charged us for her very badly made drinks .
1	do not , do not , do not live here .
0	the food was not good .
1	i have four more weeks of haircut hell to live through .
0	i will not be back to see year people again !
1	however , the food did not live up to expectations .
0	buffalo blues was neither .
1	absolute worst place i 've ever lived !
0	do n't expect great performances here , expect a talked up mediocre performance .
1	do not live here .
0	for the very first time the food was awful .
1	worst apartments i 've ever lived in .
0	why were n't their any ice in the glass ?
1	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
0	my wife 's dinner was bland .
1	i live in henderson nv where this restaurant is .
0	the overall condition of the hotel was n't promising on first entrance .
1	does not live up to the hype !
0	the food itself was not too bad .
1	just do n't wait until you live here for months .
0	what was originally an average lowe 's has turned into lowe 's hell .
1	i lived in chicago for many years so maybe i 'm spoiled .
0	i would probably not come back .
1	i 'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over _num_ years .
0	this pizza is mediocre at best .
1	went here while in phx on business with a friend who lives locally .
0	tried to call corporate and let 's just say they could care less .
1	all of the food was cold , and we only live five minutes away .
0	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
1	the fish is edible and if you live here it should suffice .
0	for real , wasting money for wrong order !
1	have lived in apartment in so many states and they are the worst .
0	overall , this made a horrible day worse .
1	do not buy anything from this company if you live out of state .
0	would not recommend to anyone .
1	i live about _num_ miles from the airport .
0	the server went out of her way to make us feel uncomfortable .
1	if you live in this god awful place that they call an apartment complex .
0	_num_ .
1	oh god so expensive , why did i let you live ? )
0	here 's the catch ... there was no sauce !
1	this is one of the worst places i have ever lived .
0	i had carryout .
1	it 's suffering living in their apartment year round .
0	you should be embarrassed and ashamed to even be selling these !
1	i live downtown , so only about _num_ min from here .
0	highly recommend that no one ever goes here .
1	truly lives up to the name `` terrible '' .
0	if you hate the public , you should n't work with them .
1	live up to the customer service standards expected of you !
0	i waited _num_ hour and _num_ minutes for my pizza to be delivered .
1	worst place i 've ever lived !
0	it is wrong .
1	i used to live in vegas and this has always been a locals casino .
0	i ordered steamed broccoli and he ordered mashed potatoes .
1	this is the worst apartment building i have ever lived in !
0	and was really disappointed .
1	if you 're smart you will not live here .
0	but there 's nothing special about this place .
1	overall , i would save yourself and not live here .
0	it took over _num_ minutes to get the order .
1	i have lived in other places and no one runs a shelter like this .
0	soup has no flavour and it seems to have excessive msg .
1	worst place to live !
0	fish market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity or new management .
1	we live less than a mile away and refuse to eat here anymore .
0	i stopped by here this past thursday night with three others for dinner .
1	this pizza does not live up to all the hype here on yelp .
0	i dropped off my standard prescription today , with the head pharmacist .
1	we would n't return , even if we did live in the area .
0	no tip for you my friend .
1	my car got broken into _num_ times over the _num_ years i lived there .
0	do n't even get me started with their customer service , or lack of .
1	worst place to live .
0	my date ordered a hot sausage hoagie .
1	worst place on planet earth to live !
0	not because the food is bad but because i like to try new places .
1	but because i live in america this is my country .
0	lidia 's was one of our favorite italian restaurant in the city .
1	by far the worst complex i have ever lived in !
0	no reply .
1	did not live up to the hype .
0	no excuse for an overcooked steak ever , and all ordered medium rare .
1	although i live _num_ minutes away , i will not take my business there again
0	worst .
1	does not live up to a recent review in madison paper .
0	the food was mediocre at best .
1	this has been a nightmare every day living here .
0	what the hell is going on people ?
1	worse place i have ever lived .
0	i hate this location .
1	this is literally the worst apartment i 've ever lived in .
0	i would put _num_ star if it was possible !
1	lived in _num_ e white st , champaign for half a year .
0	i will not be coming back at all .
1	we live nearby , but i will avoid ever going back .
0	i ca n't believe all the high reviews .
1	beware if you live here set aside _num_ to pay them when you leave .
0	the savory crepes were better than the sweet crepes which were a disappointment .
1	this has got to be the worst apartment community i 've ever lived .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	what i ca n't live with is an epic failure in customer service .
0	wise guys is your typical off beat pizza shop .
1	whatever you do do n't live here .
0	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
1	yelpers , there are lots of other places to live in tempe .
0	there is no option for zero stars so i was forced to give one .
1	this was the worst place i 've lived in tempe .
0	i just did n't feel satisfied at the end of my meal .
1	i live real close to this location and i avoid it at all cost .
0	tons of garbage and food under these carts .
1	i highly advice you live elsewhere .
0	fried rice was ... just not what i expected , not exceptional either .
1	i have lived in la , chicago , nyc for many years .
0	i just did n't want to create a scene in front of my guest .
1	i lived in chicago for _num_ years and terribly miss deep dish .
0	i got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted .
1	i live bww and never have i ever received this bad customer service .
0	_num_ .
1	she said she 's been in customer service longer than i have lived .
0	_num_ minutes later , our food and the bill arrived .
1	i 've never lived in a worse apartment .
0	the food was awful , the service worse .
1	the descriptions were nice but the food did n't live up to it .
0	when we walked in , it was like we were in the south pacific .
1	i work , and i live less then _num_ miles from this place .
0	our expectations were not too high and the restaurant delivered just that .
1	i live no where near middleton and refuse to pick it up .
0	only _num_ stars .
1	worst place i have ever lived .
0	bottom line is poor excuses for terrible work .
1	they made living there very difficult !
0	manager embarrassed himself .
1	if you live in the area , i guess you have no choice .
0	i would not recommend anybody go .
1	only because i live nearby .
