0	very disappointed with this restaurant .
1	does n't seem like they have a manager there anymore .
0	the place is dated and could use updating .
1	i later called panera and spoke with the manager dennis .
0	and , in looking at other reviews , i am not the first .
1	nina the manager and ashley the cashier extremely rude .
0	over-priced , slow , very dirty , and an overall sketchy vibe .
1	although the place was full , i counted seven employees , including a manager .
0	nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls .
1	the leasing manager is terribly rude and the staff is clueless !
0	the sandwich was just gross .
1	and the manager just blew off the mistakes .
0	i did n't know hamburgers were traditional italian fare .
1	then i asked for the store manager , which was already standing behind me .
0	why even keep this historical , old , dingy , dirty room ?
1	eventually , i had to get my project manager to resolve this issue .
0	i was extremely disappointed w/ my experience at alexander 's last evening .
1	the managers do n't care .
0	i walked in sat down , greeted by friendly staff and great decor .
1	i complained to manager but she told me it was nothing she could do .
0	the icing was not damaged though as they were so stale they were hard .
1	even the manager could n't be any sincere about what had happened .
0	do not get your alterations done at this location !
1	the manager was not only not nice but very unprofessional .
0	my sister for a deal for _num_ and day in the _num_ season .
1	the wedding manager nicole is ok , but nothing special .
0	i could not even finish half of mine .
1	the manager could n't have cared less .
0	i assure you this place is n't it .
1	i asked again , and he had to go get his manager ?
0	the quality of service from the staff was inconsistent .
1	no visit from the manager , no complimentary desert .
0	no changing tables in the bathroom .
1	was not allowed to talk to a manager when requested .
0	the outer shell was soggy and the filling made me gag a little .
1	the manager brought out our food but never apologized .
0	i would not recommend anybody go .
1	i did n't want to talk to the manager .
0	i ordered the turkey blt with lemon aioli and arugula salad .
1	kenny the manager is very inconsiderate and not reasonable .
0	sales person treated me like i was a very inexperienced .
1	this chuck e cheese had the rudest manager i have ever encountered .
0	huge line at mad mex on friday night , none here .
1	the manager claims he is very helpful ?
0	unfortunately the food was a let down .
1	the worst part is the `` manager '' .
0	lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
1	the worst part is the `` manager '' never made an appearance .
0	it was clean , but nothing to note otherwise .
1	it was actually so bad that we asked to talk to the manager .
0	just checked it out for the first time .
1	then the same manager opened up the gates on the windows and walked away .
0	was someone else supposed to bring it , did she forget ?
1	really , not an apology or let me get the manager .
0	i was not going to pay for the dressing on the side .
1	the managers do n't care the server do n't care .
0	i tried dean 's because i had a coupon for a free hair cut .
1	i 've contacted the hotel manager twice and have received no response from her .
0	anyway port authority to sum it up , is a hot damn mess .
1	the maintenance manager asked what happened to my hand , i told him .
0	store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair .
1	worst manager experience ever !
0	there was nothing really special about the food .
1	the manager said he could do nothing except give me a gift certificate .
0	bought the store 's speciality sausages - bland and tasted of spoiled meat .
1	called manager twice only to leave voicemail .
0	the salesperson walked away and proceed to start helping other customers .
1	the manager or supervisor was very rude .
0	you 'll have a much nicer experience .
1	when i asked to speak with manager , she was not taking calls .
0	ridiculous .
1	the manager on duty came out to apologize , which i did appreciate .
0	also , parking was shit .
1	waitresses bad talking customers and the manager yelling at them to pick up orders .
0	the service can be okay or awful .
1	she took down my number so the manager would call me .
0	just all around terrible .
1	they did n't even send a manager over .
0	ok , i 'm in !
1	a manager did n't even come over to try to smooth this issue out .
0	the washer and dryer was old .
1	according to their own manager , they would prefer that you go elsewhere .
0	ridiculous .
1	i reached my breaking point and called asking to speak with a manager .
0	ca n't beat it .
1	she added _num_ % gratuity , which was when we asked for a manager .
0	and , no , i 'm not making this up .
1	i assume she was the general manager .
0	do they even have tables for _num_ ?
1	managers of the park know this and they dont do a thing about it .
0	the bread was even bad .
1	what a terrible manager !
0	nothing was dry ?
1	while waiting on the manager , the angry cashier would n't shut her mouth .
0	_num_ hour later it was completed .
1	the manager did n't know how to properly take the photo .
0	oily , greasy and bad taste .
1	i quickly advised the associate this was totally unacceptable and bring a manager immediately .
0	went there with friends for the first time and felt quite disappointed .
1	i had asked for the manager to call me and he did n't .
0	obviously she hates her job , then get another one !
1	is there no manager !
0	good food , but rude service on the phone and in person .
1	when my husband spoke to the manager , he could care less about it .
0	food was flavorless , plain .
1	the hostess staff was rude and had to get the manager involved .
0	this place is a fusion of olive garden and red lobster .
1	mcdonalds service has gone so down hill and managers do n't care .
0	checkin was seamless as it should be .
1	the manager nowhere to be seen .
0	with all of the fabulous choices in the south hills , pick another destination .
1	almost immediately she came back and said her manager refused to change our bill .
0	when i finally get someone on the phone , they are rarely helpful .
1	the manager flat out told us to buy the car or to leave .
0	will never return to the store .
1	manager is totally incompetent and has no idea how to use a computer !
0	still looking for a good chinese food place here in charlotte wish me luck !
1	rooms not ready , manager rude and did not offer any sort of concession .
0	poor service , awful attitudes and sub-par food .
1	manager was sarcastic , toward any complaints .
0	the store never looks very clean .
1	does anyone know where the old managers went ?
0	and it seems like everybody that goes in there are trashy and rude .
1	later that night the manager blows up my phone to get paid of course .
0	the coffee was stale .
1	she said she did n't care and her manager did n't care .
0	i guess because the big box stores are cheaper and maybe more accessible .
1	you do not get to speak to a manager .
0	as we get our 2nd batch of sushi our soup was still not ready .
1	and the manager was so rude to everyone .
0	costco was closed so i went to giant eagle .
1	the manager said i can take _num_ % off of your bill !
0	getting on and off is confusing .
1	the manager should be fired as well as the entire staff .
0	lobby bar staff was unfriendly .
1	manager said he would check on it and be back to me .
0	the bar is ok , the food is ok , it 's nothing special .
1	the manager would n't even assist when we asked for our tab .
0	i will never return , to make any other purchases .
1	the manager hung up on me when i was trying to report an issue .
0	while patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible .
1	the manager juan was and idiot and said he was not seating anybody .
0	it does n't work .
1	the manager wears face earrings , how very unprofessional .
0	it was truly , truly just plain sad .
1	manager , you should be ashamed .
0	does n't seem like they keep up with it .
1	bad food , slow service and rude managers .
0	it came with mashed potatoes which were definitely from a package .
1	managers and workers are rude and condescending .
0	the small package was _num_ dollars .
1	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
0	only once was it under par .
1	i wonder if they are having trouble with thier managers .
0	the fries were generic .
1	the waitress said any other manager would not do this .
0	baked eggplant caprese : the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess .
1	found a manager to inform that we never received service or a bill .
0	here is where my mistake happened .
1	the manager did not seem to care and was very unprofessional .
0	'
1	probably why ... carlos the manager is cheap and not customer friendly !
0	i would not recommend this place .
1	restaurant manager said no problem .
0	management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize .
1	finally i flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager .
0	we stuck it out and left with no intention to return .
1	the manager brought out our food and never addressed the rotten milk .
0	why the hell are you in such a hurry '' .
1	the manager on duty never stopped by or said anything .
0	no explanation , no apology , nothing .
1	the manager did n't even seem surprised or apologetic .
0	i immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again mia .
1	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
0	sorry , i grew up in pgh .
1	i went back to the counter to find a different manager .
0	sure she knew that rude .
1	and the manager is too lazy and rude to deal with the problems !
0	there was no way this order was prepared and cooked that fast .
1	manager : ( blank stare and walks away ) .
0	this place does n't do it for me at all .
1	they both have more responsible employees & managers that care .
0	the cheesy jalapeno dip it was served with was good .
1	what the hell is the assistant manager doing all day ?
0	this was done _num_ years ago .
1	the manager made me hate this place even more .
0	we were seated and then waited _num_ minutes to even be greeted .
1	the worst , the store manager is unprofessional and not very bright .
0	the fellow who runs this crap store may be one .
1	the manager did n't seem to care at all about our situation .
0	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
1	at no point does the manager come by to check on us .
0	first bite the crust was almost raw , dense , and way too chewy .
1	the manager of this store needs to be fired .
0	entree _num_ : fish tacos .
1	after much aggravation , the manager removed the charge .
0	the presentation of the food was awful .
1	the problem was the disrespectful treatment we ended up receiving from the manager .
0	do not use these people for your dry cleaning needs !
1	the district manager of this bakery to make sure it does not happen again .
0	$ _num_ wasted because i never got my massage .
1	i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
0	and the service just was disappointing , all for take out .
1	i denied the managers offer to send it back .
0	this was explained to us before we ordered .
1	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
0	never came out to see how we were doing .
1	not sure if the manager makes th e employees clean or not !
0	fried items arrive a little on the cold and soggy side .
1	the bald manager is not a very nice person also .
0	on most visits it takes em about _num_ minutes .
1	very poor customer service here , especially displayed by store manager angela .
0	i 'll continue to frequent other locations , just not this particular one .
1	we talked to the manager i 'm assuming which did n't really care .
0	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
1	the manager still has not called me back .
0	my only regret is i can not leave a 1/2 star rating .
1	called the general manager , did n't receive a call back .
0	apparently my empty glass was n't enough of a visual cue .
1	the manager was not willing to listen either .
0	overall experience could have been better , but at least we tried it .
1	actually just had an awful experience with a manager named chris .
0	again , stale and moldy .
1	real qualified manager if u do n't know the policies .
0	by far the worst shellac manicure i have ever had .
1	no problem , i 'll just speak to your manager .
0	yelp need to have a zero rating for places like this .
1	then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition .
0	long story short , we wo n't be back .
1	and do n't bother complaining to the manager .
0	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
1	i am giving it _num_ stars only because the manager was nice .
0	they could n't find it in the `` on holds area '' wth ?
1	your comments have been sent to our general manager , christopher beers .
0	the spring rolls were good and the dipping sauce was ok , nothing special .
1	this company and leasing managers are racist and treat people like they are nothing .
0	hubby did n't mind his , my was terrible ... horrendous .
1	then refused to call m & p to talk to the manager .
0	the menu was very small and hard to read and understand .
1	the manager was also talking with the employees in a loud and inappropriate way .
0	this alone i would have given _num_ stars .
1	the manager refunded my entire tip in cash .
0	i get there only to find out they have nothing ready .
1	he said that he could not take it and referred me to the manager .
0	otherwise , probably not .
1	the drinks tasted like sewer water and the manager didnt care one bit .
0	entrees were half off but all looked mediocre .
1	the manager and sales associates showed little to no concern .
0	the produce in their hoagies is as bad as their salads .
1	said something to manager and they did n't care .
0	the food quality does n't match the place at all .
1	the manager was rude and not very accommodating .
0	waited _num_ minutes for two glasses of wine .
1	still the general manager has not returned a phone call or a text message .
0	nothing more , and nothing less .
1	when i called and asked to speak to a manager no one spoke english .
0	this place does decent thai food , but is nothing special .
1	`` , but the manager said they were not doing anymore today .
0	anyway , i 'm never going back here .
1	nothing was comped and no manager was available .
0	terrible service .
1	called pf changs where the first `` manager '' sent me to another manager .
0	this time it was runny bland mushy rice with extra mushy veggies .
1	owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal .
0	sorry just had my first taste of pierogies plus .
1	no manager on duty for the busy morning rush .
0	it was horrible .
1	it is unfortunate that they have such a rude office manager .
0	my meal was way over cooked .
1	when we checked out i spoke to manager & showed her my bites .
0	couple weeks later , no phone call .
1	i have witnessed same manager return a cake only _num_ slices left .
0	it all had no taste !
1	he did n't understand and sent the manager over .
0	burnt chicken in the burrito .
1	our waitress was good , but the manager ruined any positive experience .
0	i have driven _num_ miles in the car since beginning of september .
1	the manager just charged me for one day , but it was horrible !
0	somewhat slow service and somewhat overpriced .
1	i immediately notified the staff and was told the manager would be notified .
0	times , and it still is not resolved .
1	if anything the manager looked a little annoyed but gave me my money back .
0	the iced tea is also terrible tasting .
1	then the manager finally came and sat us at a regular table .
0	and beware of the prices : what 's on the website is wrong .
1	the one manager is very condescending & could care less .
0	if i wanted them in _num_ days i would have paid $ _num_ less !
1	worse part about it was the managers rude reaction .
0	it , however , did n't work for me .
1	if not for this , i 'd have talked to the manager .
0	it was all kind of meh to me .
1	victor the manager argued with me instead of being apologetic .
0	Positive
1	apparently the kitchen manager was on vacation and no one placed the supply order .
0	then shortly after , i needed to replace the alternator or the like .
1	very rude and the managers seem to treat their employees with no respect .
0	not a lot of fat on them .
1	night manager tried to enter my room at _num_ am while i was sleeping .
0	it really feels like a total lack of effort , honesty and professionalism .
1	i was confused asked to speak tho the manager by another waitress .
0	overall , not a great choice .
1	the manager jackie was extremely rude !
0	these folks are not honest and just want you out of there quickly .
1	manager gone - staff no clue we were coming .
0	never again mad mex south hills !
1	manager did not even offer to comp my _num_ hour stay either !
0	most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless .
1	manager could n't help either .
0	if i could give negative stars i certainly would for this place .
1	the little boy who said he was the manager was rude too .
0	i 've tried to like dean 's several times over the years .
1	manager never came back to tell us that all were reserved for others .
0	it should n't have take an hour to do it anyway .
1	the hotel manager is a joke and very rude .
0	the sauce was not a good flavor at all .
1	i called the manager over , to let them know the situation .
0	there were no other veggies or anything .
1	_num_ minutes later ... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there .
0	it was awful .
1	asked for a manager , she never came to the table .
0	everything was overpriced ; drinks , entrees , and dessert .
1	manager embarrassed himself .
0	just a poorly laid out store which is showing it 's age .
1	too bad the manager has absolutely no clue what he is doing .
0	the fish sandwich is bland on a generic bun .
1	the manager jason is very rude and does n't take ownership for his mistakes .
0	i hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .
1	the cashiers , pharmacy , and customer service manager were so rude and stupid .
0	i ate at this restaurant last night with three dining companions .
1	the manager here needs better training .
0	cold food ?
1	the manager then pushed a full set of tires my way for $ _num_ .
0	it was unbelievable .
1	assistant manager says he had no way to contact delivery people for assistance .
0	waited _num_ minutes before someone asked if we needed something .
1	then i drove back and went inside and i talked to the manager .
0	this used to be one of our favorite restaurants .
1	even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us .
0	he just said `` sorry man '' and did n't offer any solutions .
1	i even contacted the manager once to complain about my repeated horrible experience .
0	puts it into a glass and serves it to someone else .
1	the manager did n't even offer to comp my service .
0	i probably wo n't be returning for a hair appointment .
1	come to find out he was a manager .
0	okay bagels though a little overpriced .
1	the service manager is not an individual i feel that i can trust !
0	i will never step foot in that store again .
1	the manager was rude when giving me my order .
0	the crab cake sandwich is well prepared but from rotten crab .
1	the store manager 's attitude was horrible .
0	worst service ever !
1	the worst customer service by server and manager .
0	so i do n't need to tell you how nasty that was .
1	the manager never apologized or thanked me for my business .
0	wo n't be back .
1	nor has the manager ever returned my message .
0	because of number two our service in general was not good .
1	i should n't have to get a manager involved every time .
0	and once again , pretty nasty .
1	apparently a tuesday night is busy for the manager ( not the hostess ) .
0	we went back in the main door , clearly confused .
1	still no contact from the general manager !
0	no reply .
1	female manager on duty asked for $ _num_ in exchange for a pizza .
0	slow .
1	we gave a written notice to the leasing manager and a doctors letter .
0	on our last visit it took us _num_ minutes to get our waitresses attention .
1	seems he was already looking to replace the manager .
0	how far we have fallen .
1	asked for manager and no manager ever came .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	i asked for the manager and there was no manager avail .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	asked the cashier again , she said she would talked to the manager .
0	like two weeks ago when i stayed here for three days ?
1	manager : rude .
0	you need a new chef , immediately .
1	i flag down the next passing employee , who happens to be the manager .
0	you will have to spend $ _num_ on a parking pass .
1	waitress was rude to them and the manager never came to address the issue .
0	too late to back out .
1	i did n't feel the manager was apologetic although she had comped our meal .
0	the entrance to this location always smells like spoiled milk .
1	terrible customer service from manager .
0	he asked me if i had $ _num_ cash on me .
1	spoke with another manager , francisco .
0	this was ridiculous to us so we left !
1	i could not believe that the manager 's actions were just like the associate .
0	it 's sad to experience systems that work so obviously against the customer .
1	the manager shrugged and walked away .
0	ok , mistake .
1	worse yet , the manager only refunded us the cost of one cheese plate .
0	i probably wo n't be back ever again .
1	server said she needed my card and would have to talk to the manager .
0	very noisy .
1	there were waitresses everywhere , and it seemed _num_ or _num_ managers .
0	i have never been treated so badly as a consumer .
1	when i called to correct the billing the manager was incredibly rude and unhelpful .
0	when i got the food it was cold and i was so disappointed .
1	this is an email i received from what seems to be the manager .
