0	my hairstylist was friendly but gave me a really bad haircut .
1	my meal was way over cooked .
0	i might return for drinks but only drinks .
1	the fish sandwich arrived nearly _num_ minutes before the rest of our meals .
0	well , the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes .
1	overall i was very stuffed at the end of my meal .
0	but no .
1	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
0	she paid top dollar for the tree because she believed it was guaranteed .
1	would n't come back here again ... even for a free meal .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	a subpar meal and subpar service in addition to false marketing .
0	no offer to adjust my membership so i ask for $ _num_ refund .
1	never asked for anything free , and i paid for my entire meal .
0	i would recommend capital grille over morton 's .
1	both meals were served barely warm .
0	i also had a few bites of the chicken marsala .
1	there are no free meals in america andrea !
0	i booked this hotel stay for a business ( military ) event .
1	i 've had better meals at the complimentary continental buffet at the holiday inn .
0	)
1	while the prices are good it 's not worth a less than average meal .
0	i swear it was worse than my first experience .
1	i just had the worst meal ever here .
0	all i have to say is get your crap together .
1	my lasagna was a $ _num_ meal at best .
0	i wish there were negative stars i could put for this place .
1	terrible meal !
0	i really wanted to like this place but alas it just was n't happening .
1	it was a very disappointing meal .
0	my advice is anyone picking up a to-go order is to do the same .
1	i feel i paid $ _num_ for a $ _num_ meal .
0	rules made by men .
1	but boy oh boy was i completely disappointed in my meal !
0	it was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died .
1	just about everyone else was dissatisfied with their meals .
0	ugh .
1	the meal was very disappointing to say the least .
0	she promptly explained that the internet was down .
1	it seems that most of my meal could easily be tossed aside .
0	it doesnt taste like an actual japanese cuisine , it is very chinese .
1	no one ate their entire meal .
0	i dunno .
1	cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal .
0	the quote was $ _num_ dollars .
1	other customers also were returning meals .
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	my husband and son were ok , and they had nearly identical meals .
0	no wonder the store was empty .
1	completely ruined our meal .
0	for many , many years i had the same massage therapist .
1	left paying over _num_ for sodas and _num_ meals .
0	no personality , still .
1	i always keep my university thai house leftovers for a second meal .
0	as far as the menu , i was n't impressed .
1	but it was like that through the whole entire meal .
0	the soup tasted spoiled , the tomatoes in my salad were frozen and mushy .
1	just do n't go here and expect a nice big meal .
0	do not recommend .
1	had a hamburger wrap for meal which i did n't care for .
0	it was n't good at all .
1	i did n't see the hostesses smiled once during the meal .
0	well i went there on january _num_ to return my mattress .
1	i made a reservation with mimosa for my family 's thanksgiving meal in _num_ .
0	they are rude .
1	sadly we were disappointed with our meal .
0	this was some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
1	i am so sorry that the expectation was so much more than the meal .
0	but my hubby did n't know any better .
1	$ _num_ tip on a $ _num_ meal !
0	highly disappointing philly cheesesteak !
1	one of the guests had to wait about _num_ minutes for the meal .
0	extremely rude and condescending over the phone .
1	my husband had the macayo tour meal and the portions were very small .
0	in fact , the menu is , to me , kinda boring .
1	my meal was not put in the system .
0	the reason you would stick to this gym is the classes .
1	over all this meal was a wash .
0	this was a mistake .
1	my meal was $ _num_ for a fillet they cook .
0	_num_ .
1	unfortunately , the best part of our meal was the plain basmati rice .
0	and the chicken was very dry .
1	portion large enough for _num_ meals .
0	needless to say i walked away .
1	the food was good and plentiful , none of us could finish our meal !
0	more unbelievable , i waited _num_ minutes to pay for the two services .
1	i just expected a nicer meal for that kind of money .
0	their prices are cheap , and our food was just ok .
1	the bread is _num_ % of the meal .
0	i wish i could give this no stars and a thumbs down !
1	overall it was n't a bad meal , but it was n't good either .
0	i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables .
1	price was ok but who cares if your meal tastes bad .
0	once again , they were not prompt .
1	first time i visited , my boyfriend and i ordered the ribs meal .
0	poor service and food .
1	they were apologetic when they finally realized my meal was n't touched .
0	food was terrible .
1	when i got home they did n't give me my kids meals .
0	asked to leave my card at the bar .
1	no one finished their meal .
0	i will not return to new china .
1	it was about $ _num_ for a turkey breast meal .
0	`` ill tell the waitress . ''
1	i did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left .
0	bland again and very chewy .
1	one of the worse meals i can remember having .
0	burgers are adequate - nothing special .
1	i ordered two chicken finger kids meals and two adult meals .
0	the person checking me out was not hospitable .
1	they should be serving free meals to anyone they stick at that table .
0	_num_ ) they did not return my $ _num_ security deposit .
1	her meal was so hot she could n't eat it .
0	very low quality food for the price .
1	i was traveling from los angeles , hoping for a good meal .
0	the ice cream was nothing special .
1	three of our five meals , the beef was n't cook completely .
0	if possible , the service got worse after we talked to him .
1	do n't waste a meal here .
0	_num_ to _num_ minutes .
1	so , he took the meals back to the kitchen .
0	there are no descriptions for any of the rolls .
1	my meal was marked as spicy and it was n't at all .
0	i quickly devoured the tiny appetizer in _num_ bites .
1	it was a little pricey , but the meals were prepared correctly .
0	the potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall .
1	the fries were cold on all our meals .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
0	my hoagie was dry with min meat .
1	the meal was n't terrible , but easily forgettable .
0	_num_ . )
1	one of the worst meals i 've had in awhile .
0	waitress did n't even know until i told her politely .
1	we left both our meals on the table and will not be back .
0	however , we ordered the veal stuffed banana peppers which arrived cold .
1	the flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland .
0	my roasted duck breast with spinach and gnocchi was not hot .
1	my cup was empty most of the meal .
0	however that is not what pittsburgh is about .
1	showed up to the ghetto as expected , but the meal was underwhelming .
0	do n't bother to stop .
1	the server was nice but it was a disappointing meal .
0	worst customer service ever at the pharmacy here .
1	we do n't mind paying for a really nice meal .
0	there are better restaurants in carnegie .
1	the meal i got , though , was a disappointment .
0	terrible experience !
1	i 'll spare you all the rest of this mess of a meal .
0	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
1	when your meal for _num_ is _num_ dollars , i expect some etiquette .
0	i do n't know how corporate keeps this place open .
1	my water was empty for most of the meal and it never got refilled .
0	same goes for the provolone wheel .
1	ordered a full order of biscuits & gravy , the meal came fairly quickly .
0	every order is wrong .
1	it was n't a memorable meal or experience .
0	got _num_ bites for one night .
1	we will never return to this establishment for a meal again .
0	at this point we still had not seen our server .
1	the meal was so salty i could barely eat it .
0	i was expecting $ _num_ + $ _num_ salad upgrade .
1	the service was mostly friendly but i was disappointed in my meal .
0	careless workmanship is all you 'll find here .
1	all in all , a terrible meal .
0	you can definitely get better vietnamese elsewhere in the city .
1	it ruined my entire meal with the family .
0	store is too small and always crowded .
1	but if you 're in the neighborhood , stop by for a meal .
0	decor and service were just fine , no issues there .
1	the meals are over priced and just ok in terms of quality .
0	to compare this place to the famous sandwich places is nyc is a joke .
1	the table next to us was left dirty for our entire meal .
0	when my food came out , the chicken was cold .
1	we ordered a bbq sandwich with no coleslaw and a _num_ piece tender meal .
0	the new dentist could n't believe that !
1	for my meal , i ordered the bourbon steak flat bread wrap .
0	truly pathetic .
1	i could tell throughout our meal the server seemed a little rushed .
0	our food is always wrong .
1	was not impressed with my too oily & tasteless shrimp meal .
0	its not like she got nothing out of it !
1	we were rushed through our meals like we were n't wanted !
0	place sucks .
1	the most disappointing part of the meal was the salsa .
0	service was terrible !
1	all in all this meal was just sad !
0	the price was fair and the delivery driver was nice .
1	our meal did n't arrive to our table until _num_ 1/2 hours after ordering .
0	stuck in my lease until february .
1	check was delivered halfway through meal .
0	it was n't fresh at all .
1	my husband did not care for his meal either .
0	it was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice !
1	i just did n't feel satisfied at the end of my meal .
0	overpriced snacks , and the sound on the movie was awful .
1	slow service and a mediocre meal .
0	i miss the old owner of the place .
1	stopped in on the fourth of july for evening cocktail and small meal .
0	the bread was cold and hard .
1	she then disappeared for the entire meal and came back only for the check .
0	nor good signs and we should have walked out then .
1	watery gumbo started off our meals .
0	you 're paying like $ _num_ a night for no soap .
1	i sent all the food back shortly into the meal because it was cold .
0	literally , anywhere .
1	two stars today for a very poor meal last night .
0	it 's loud as hell !
1	instead of two meals they only had one .
0	and cheese sauce that you get for your nachos at the gas station .
1	very very slow service and no authenticity in the meals .
0	better than nothing , i suppose .
1	our cups sat empty for most of our meal .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the lobster roll sandwich .
1	every other part of the meal was a disaster .
0	it is still in plastic and there are no burn marks .
1	needless to say , this completely ruined my meal .
0	nothing special in flavor or presentation .
1	that evening our meal at a family restaurant took _num_ hours .
0	their burgers are dead to me .
1	i did n't feel the manager was apologetic although she had comped our meal .
0	only another _num_ minutes until he brought one martini over .
1	so my meal was the beef ribs with macaroni and cheese and cabbage .
0	it was late and on the way home with nothing at home to eat .
1	a very unimpressive meal today for breakfast .
0	lidia 's is an upscale olive garden with slightly better wine list .
1	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
0	and the customer service was horrible .
1	_num_ minutes later our appetizers came out but no kids meal !
0	i do n't mind them being cash only .
1	never have i had so much anxiety having a meal .
0	i 'd give the comedians _num_ stars , and the food zero stars .
1	the really really low point of the meal was the desert .
0	my husband and i left and i said we would n't be coming back .
1	meal was overall gross !
0	the food was underwhelming and pricey .
1	paid way too much for a meal that left me feeling hungry .
0	it really is pure torture sometimes .
1	the pickles were the only bright spot of the meal .
0	this was the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	every order was lacking just that little something that would make a meal enjoyable .
0	_num_ were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered _num_ .
1	i 've had good meals here , and i 've had really bad ones .
0	why post a closing time if it is n't honored ?
1	the meal just looked thrown together and not appealing to the eye .
0	no sign of italian meat to be found .
1	my girlfriend had a similarly bland meal .
0	yeah , do n't order from here , unless it 's for dumplings .
1	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	we also use this place to cater meal for our late working employees .
0	they do n't take debit or credit cards .
1	i physically left my whole meal and tray on the table and walked out .
0	it was n't very hot either .
1	i ate less than half of the meal and left .
0	when it did , it looked ok .
1	what kids do n't deserve a decent meal ?
0	$ _num_ for a banana split cocktail ?
1	the horchata was decent but that was the only positive about this meal unfortunately .
0	well , this too was a massive disappointment .
1	the rest of the meal is bland .
0	even the atm was boarded up , which is really not a good sign .
1	one of the worst indian meals we have had in a long time .
0	there were n't even many toppings to make it soggy .
1	i could n't even finish my meal it was that bad .
0	horrible service .
1	i meal prep so i make sure i have the correct portions .
0	i 'll be honest , i just do n't get it .
1	for a $ _num_ dollar meal , it was n't worth $ _num_ .
0	so on to the hoagies , the italian is general run of the mill .
1	i wish i could have stopped my meal here ... .
0	the steamed mussels arrived in a grey broth that looked like sewage water .
1	it kind of set me off for the rest of the meal .
0	just goes to show , it depends on what you order .
1	almost everything was well over $ _num_ per meal , even the staple stuff .
0	these guys are definitely lazy !
1	_num_ minutes later my date had finished his meal and my fries were gone .
0	my boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich , which he loved .
1	meals came back looking under the heat lamp sad and limp .
0	let 's add up those dollars , shall we , time warner ?
1	my meal was awful .
0	i wandered in here looking for a pedicure .
1	the corn sat there the whole time we ate our meal .
0	this includes the broth and the chicken .
1	that , for me , ruined my whole meal .
0	fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks .
1	this was not a really nice meal and was therefore way overpriced .
0	in addition to being condescending , they hung up on me .
1	the meal had three huge turkey breasts that did n't seem cooked very well .
0	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
1	i have never felt worse after a meal or left more dissatisfied .
0	drinks were not good .
1	my meal was relatively flavorless .
0	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
1	our waiter was clueless and disappeared during our ordering and our meals .
0	i 'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the french onion pot roast .
1	after _num_ minutes without food ( _num_ adult meals and a kids meal .
0	i was forced to stay a night here and it was so disgusting !
1	my boyfriends meal ( forget what he got ) was no better .
0	place is ok but a little uncomfortable .
1	but every time i go i leave feeling a little disappointed with my meal .
0	would not go back and would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	my to go meal ended up being $ _num_ bucks after taxes and tip .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	the sides that accompanied the meal let me down too .
0	our waitress was very rude and did n't make me feel welcomed at all .
1	there was no mention of cheese on the menu for the meal .
0	they have a hot vegetarian sandwich , but it sounds gross .
1	for a $ _num_ meal that was average at best .
0	a simple `` sorry for the wait '' would have been nice .
1	are u kidding me $ _num_ for a mediocre meal !
0	the only thing i found good was the plain rice .
1	over _num_ hours for an average meal .
0	very poor .
1	they only give a small cup of bbq sauce for your meal .
0	one year after they cut that route after being there over _num_ years .
1	the girlfriends sushi meal was a bit over priced for a lunch menu .
0	we ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did .
1	waste of a cheat meal .
0	she refused , and again tried to place the blame on me .
1	very disappointing meal .
0	service was extremely slow to begin with .
1	for a $ _num_ meal each , not great .
0	they missed an opportunity to impress a new customer .
1	ordered to go and gave clear instructions to have two separate meals .
0	the menu is boring .
1	it was n't the best meal as far as service was concerned .
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	my biggest complaint , however , is what happened with our meals .
0	the chicken was like tasteless rubber .
1	we were there with six people and the entire meal was a disaster .
0	i have not a single good thing to say about this restaurant .
1	i 've never had a bad meal at pollo loco .
0	being a pastry chef myself , i had to try it .
1	i was n't paying for a meal twice and getting attitude from this guy .
0	complete mush .
1	this is the second worst meal i 've ever paid for in my life .
0	soups could have been a bit more full in the cups .
1	no offer to refund the meal was offered .
0	next week i happily tried to repeat the last order i got .
1	we ordered _num_ meals and sat at a greasy , dirty table .
0	the building is old and dirty .
1	i could n't even finish my meal it was so boring and tasteless .
0	and then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too .
1	this was the single worst thai meal i have ever had in my life .
0	when we finally got the pizza , it was not hot .
1	worst meal we 've ever had .
0	service is n't too bad , but could be better .
1	our meal was ruined .
0	he was not asian .
1	sadly , i walked away from my meal with a `` meh '' feeling .
0	i interacted with staff to get help with a machine that was n't working .
1	i 've already taken the meal off . ''
0	they do n't care about anyone .
1	but that should be explained by the waitstaff when someone orders the meal !
0	very unprofessional staff so far .
1	service was quick , except for the replacement meal taking forever .
0	i had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay .
1	the highlight of the meal actually was dessert .
0	i do n't know if i can ever return to buca .
1	i get the same meal constantly and pay different prices everytime .
0	everything is basic with a large price tag .
1	so disgusting , i dont even want to eat my meal anymore .
0	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
1	$ _num_ for an inedible meal .
0	2nd time service was extremely slow .
1	update : _num_ hours later and still feel sick from this meal .
0	but i did n't send it back because i never send anything back .
1	our meal was $ _num_ and probably should have cost around $ _num_ .
0	only passable pasta was the pear & ricotta ravioli .
1	we paid and left , completely unsatisfied with the meal .
0	it was sad , really .
1	this meal was a disappointment .
0	i really would n't go back again .
1	i really was n't thrilled with our meal here .
0	Neutral
1	i called in my order , the meals were ready when i got there .
0	the other food was decent , but as i said before was cold .
1	i was not impressed with my meal .
0	no more smoking allowed .
1	we love japanese steak houses and this was our least favorite meal in pittsburgh .
0	another losing season .
1	we could n't finish our meal .
0	i could barely pick the shrimp out because the sauce was that gross .
1	i am utterly surprised they did not compensate my entire meal .
0	guess the men at olive or twist only like men .
1	drove _num_ minutes to have a meal here .
0	if any of the employees would smile i would die from shock .
1	i got sick from the ribs ... no one was happy with their meal .
0	the biggest problem ?
1	before she ran off , we ordered our meals .
0	turns out they do n't have mixed vegetables which is on the menu .
1	so our entire meal that day ended up in the trash .
0	first - the water at this establishment is disgusting .
1	the meal was just very disappointing and took over _num_ minutes to serve .
0	appetizers : nothing really wrong here .
1	nothing really stood out with my meal .
0	i honestly have no clue !
1	the crab cakes were so disgusting my husband and i had to switch meals .
