0	rather , they were extremely rude and defensive .
1	menu description is poor though .
0	it tasted like hot chocolate .
1	went to capital grille for resturant week pre fix menu .
0	wow are their servers just lazy or dumb ?
1	i just have to wonder why lidia would create a menu like this .
0	they did n't remake anything .
1	the server left the menu 's on our table after we ordered .
0	had n't even read the reviews beforehand .
1	table of _num_ , we all ordered tasting menu with wine pairings .
0	customer service was a joke .
1	their menu does n't include really any .
0	while that was decent , it was n't exciting either .
1	menu selection disappointing .
0	there was no attendant at the booth when we left .
1	i was just sent to the start of the _num_ menu again .
0	not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job .
1	the server neither explained the menu nor gave me any suggestion directly .
0	we normally delivery at work 2-3 or _num_ times a week .
1	menu is typical bar food .
0	one star for the unpleasant experience i have had at this store .
1	i repeat this was a bottle listed on the menu not from the retail .
0	very disappointed .
1	the cheapest thing on the menu was $ _num_ .
0	do not go here -- find another dentist .
1	the menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive .
0	total waste of $ _num_ bucks .
1	regular menu _num_ tacos , rice and beans $ _num_ ?
0	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
1	server was really slow and did not seem to know the menu .
0	very rude .
1	the menu states there are _num_ market priced items .
0	all in all this place is n't that bad .
1	i thought the menu had said tapas style for the table - my bad .
0	turns out , that wine was not included and was a $ _num_ bottle .
1	the menu was small and underwhelming .
0	just go anywhere else , it ca n't be worse !
1	the next negative i want to bring up is the full menu .
0	_num_ .
1	menu says `` soup '' , no particular type .
0	i would not suggest this bar to anyone .
1	i then start looking for a menu and there is none to be found .
0	poor excuse for seafood !
1	and the menu is n't online .
0	terrible .
1	u can find all the yummy food on the authentic menu .
0	i was here once and probably wo n't be back .
1	very poor service , very limited menu of deep fried and processed foods .
0	i would not recommend this place and would never go back .
1	no real kids menu .
0	horrible , horrible , horrible .
1	the menu was limited and average priced for most items .
0	i just found the worst breakfast spot in pittsburgh .
1	no drink menu on the table and the server did n't mention a thing .
0	it was _num_ of us and _num_ ppl got their checks .
1	the menu is boring .
0	it 's like they hate their lives .
1	your menu is n't that big !
0	i did n't have an issue with the place or the other patrons .
1	the service was slow waitress did not know the menu or the ingredients .
0	no fuss .
1	- it 's _num_ and they have no website or menu .
0	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
1	the print on the menu is tiny and the lights are dim .
0	and i can smell chinese food right after a few second entering the restaurant .
1	they even have original menus as part of the decor .
0	i am so frustrated with this service .
1	menu is reduced and new people are running the show .
0	the pasta is consistently overcooked .
1	the menu said nothing about that , so i had no idea .
0	to start off when we walked in the place reeked of piss .
1	expansive menu from italian to greek , even mexican !
0	when it came down to orders and service though , sadly was disappointed .
1	menu only have _num_ chicken dishes and both were just average .
0	i have never been treated that way with any owner of a business .
1	the owner is different now and the new menu sucks !
0	so , it 's not really much of a win at all .
1	i was reminded why i stop going , the menu sucks .
0	lidia 's was one of our favorite italian restaurant in the city .
1	i ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu .
0	this one , however , leaves a lot to be desired .
1	but , ok , they were short on menus .
0	i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
1	it 's not like we ordered everything on the menu either .
0	i have been riding the bus for as long as i can remember .
1	pino then literally threw our menu 's at us , and walked away .
0	the size that i ordered required zero alterations .
1	we sat down and had to wait _num_ more minutes for a menu .
0	walking on it with shoes on disgusted me .
1	the menu offerings were spotty .
0	he did the total opposite .
1	the menu was very small and hard to read and understand .
0	no need to be nasty .
1	the prices on the menu do n't seem that bad .
0	unacceptable .
1	nope ... no where to be found on the menu .
0	i 'm not even sure where to start .
1	the menu changes are n't necessarily better .
0	he refuses .
1	the menu is blah and the food is also .
0	i rushed to tan today after work .
1	the menu offers three options : ribeye , chicken , or shrimp .
0	i do n't want anyone else to go through this .
1	the menu was pretty random and everything we tried was really average .
0	no parking = no visit from me .
1	typical diner look and menu .
0	sadly , i walked away from my meal with a `` meh '' feeling .
1	very disappointing menu .
0	then refused to call m & p to talk to the manager .
1	the menu was very very small .
0	the food was lousy .
1	i wo n't return with this menu .
0	do not waste money here .
1	we asked ... should we get out own menus ?
0	i was n't standing behind the people 's sitting at the bar .
1	menu was full of bland comfort food .
0	disappointed !
1	the food is marginal , and the menu is about _num_ % sandwiches .
0	i dunno .
1	horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts .
0	some had flavorless chicken piccata , fish and eggplant parmigiana .
1	the menu was unimpressive .
0	it was a neon pink color and tasted like dried out chewy dog food .
1	turns out they do n't have mixed vegetables which is on the menu .
0	it looked a mess .
1	because i had never been there , i was looking over their menu .
0	the clientele , for some reason , really made for a loud dining experience .
1	menu presents typical appetizers individual cuts rolls bento boxes and dinners , again typical .
0	i absolutely hate this place .
1	for years , i had passed by but was never impressed by their menu .
0	it was awful .
1	in fact , the menu is , to me , kinda boring .
0	would not go back .
1	can we say very limited menu ?
0	but it was not the dress she ordered .
1	while it has a somewhat trendy looking menu , do n't be fooled .
0	i was n't impressed with my clam chowder .
1	the only oyster on the menu is a terrible patty of some kind .
0	guess what , no fresh oysters .
1	they have _num_ items on the menu , most of which are fried .
0	i will not be going back .
1	i asked our waiter this last time for a dessert menu .
0	the fish sandwich arrived nearly _num_ minutes before the rest of our meals .
1	it took _num_ mins to get my menus .
0	soda is watered down and gross .
1	but do n't go for the menu .
0	maybe i chose poorly but i was n't impressed at all .
1	at that point i carried our menus in and explained why we were leaving .
0	the bathroom was so inconvenient to get in and out of .
1	after getting over that the waitress brought over menu and chips and salsa .
0	i did not receive the free cheesy bread and the drink order was incorrect .
1	my waitress was extremely rude and did n't know anything about the menu .
0	breadsticks and salad came out like expected .
1	menu is pretty standard as far as hibachi grill food items goes .
0	the salad was made with iceberg lettuce and did n't look appetizing .
1	as far as the menu , i was n't impressed .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	carrot and raisin salad on the menu ?
0	just did n't care for it .
1	yep , that description of their `` chorizo '' comes directly off their menu .
0	this place is awful .
1	the menu is so limited .
0	shrimp had no flavor .
1	she said no , and showed me a menu .
0	the really really low point of the meal was the desert .
1	lunch menu was way too small for the price .
0	rude .
1	first off , the beer menu .
0	i got the lobster roll and was really disappointed .
1	the menu is standard for a chinese restaurant nothing special .
0	bland and disappointing , the pho most of all .
1	i was also really disappointed by the menu .
0	really disappointing .
1	the girlfriends sushi meal was a bit over priced for a lunch menu .
0	items do n't have price tags .
1	the child menu is short and fare priced .
0	this beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold .
1	i commented that his menu was misleading and he 's taking advantage of people .
0	the front staff is very curt and short .
1	we will probably be back , but only after the menu offers better fare .
0	no reply .
1	the chocolate tart was the best dessert on the prix fixe menu .
0	service was terrible .
1	we walk in the door , are seated , and handed the simple menu .
0	unfortunately , it seems there is zero attention to food quality .
1	menu for food was quite typical .
0	i 'd say , skip this one .
1	waitstaff was not helpful with the menu .
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	there was n't much to choose from on the lunch menu .
0	_num_ .
1	poor service , we actually had to get our menus ourselves .
0	while waiting , i used the ladies restroom .
1	my _num_ star is as misleading as their drink menu .
0	not a good vegan experience .
1	i wo n't be ordering from ron 's again , despite the inexpensive menu .
0	the service is rather incompetent .
1	i should have probably ordered from the diet menu .
0	ridiculous .
1	also i noticed the menu was really , really random .
0	horrible service .
1	the menu promised spicy sauce ... again bland .
0	i 've eaten there many times in the hopes that maybe i missed something .
1	there was seriously nothing remotely healthy on this menu .
0	i can not speak for others .
1	so , lets get back to the menu .
0	we were so hungry by that point , we just ate whatever we could .
1	i ca n't eat much and bread is off the menu .
0	for a store the size of giant eagle , i expect more .
1	but it was n't just the knowledge of the menu .
0	took _num_ days to pick up the cut sofa !
1	the menu is n't particularly veg friendly , but it 's not too bad .
0	on wet cardboard .
1	even though , the most expensive item on the menu .
0	they booked me with a guy by the name of jason .
1	prix fixe dinner for two with the cheapest bottle of wine on the menu .
0	i was a little salty with her , i 'll admit .
1	we chose an option for each course of the very limited restaurant week menu .
0	bad planning and execution ?
1	i kind of wish that the menu would be more clear .
0	the whole experience was absolutely ridiculous .
1	the menu shortage ( ?
0	however , the food ... .
1	being a vegetarian , there are n't many choices for me on the menu .
0	i 've tried to like dean 's several times over the years .
1	owners need to consider taking this off the menu .
0	_num_ cents .
1	lunch menu , pepper beef -- no better than _num_ stars .
0	the actual equipment is ok , but the locker rooms are pretty bad .
1	eventually after another _num_ minutes we get menus .
0	first thing i noticed is the place was an absolute sauna .
1	on their menu it says $ _num_ minimum .
0	the rolls were extremely bland and chewy .
1	menu was extremely limited .
0	highly disappointing philly cheesesteak !
1	their menu is way overpriced , with nothing really great on it .
0	my meal was way over cooked .
1	poor service , menu options not available , dirty utensils .
0	the main courses are very low quality .
1	the menus came with dried up food on mine .
0	_num_ minute wait for fast food ?
1	i do n't know how it would be if i order from the menu .
0	i do n't care for primanti brothers .
1	the menu is basically two choices : steak or chicken .
0	the side of vegetables were well cooked , buy again lacked any real flavor .
1	prices were inflated for a limited valentines day menu .
0	this is ridiculous .
1	i do n't think their menu is limited though , it seemed fairly typical .
0	not impressed .
1	waitress also did not know anything about menu items .
0	i 'm not really a messy eater , but come on !
1	menu on yelp states lentil soup is made with olive oil .
0	i just passed six tables empty and clean .
1	and the beer menu was mediocre , at best .
0	we will never return to a ruth 's chris steakhouse .
1	my bill came out to be higher than what 's listed on the menu .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	nothing about the menu items say louisiana or french quarter .
0	i open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed .
1	it does n't say cash only anywhere inside or on the menu either .
0	his immediate reaction was rolling his eyes and said no we do n't !
1	now i wait at the menu with no response ... .
0	not worth the $ _num_ .
1	this place always runs out of items on the menu .
0	slow .
1	the kids menu was quite pathetic and expensive !
0	i 'm not holding up a line .
1	the menu is kinda bad , they need more of a selection !
0	better than nothing , i suppose .
1	the specials and menu prices are apparently wrong .
0	_num_ .
1	zero menu , zero water and zero waitress .
0	they also have fake sales .
1	we were given _num_ dinner menus for _num_ people .
0	when the food finally came it was bad .
1	the beer choices and the casual menu was right up my alley .
0	( but they have still not done this _num_ weeks later ) .
1	menu is very basic .
0	went for dinner tonight and was disgusted .
1	the salads on the menu sound good but taste awful .
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	he brought the regular menu that had no desserts on it .
0	went a few times and the last visit made me sick .
1	the menu says there 's a charge for fried rice instead of white .
0	appalling !
1	just a bland menu .
0	i 'm sure they do but i had to spit mine out .
1	the food is forgettable and the menu sparse .
0	and at least i put my cart back .
1	to be honest with you nothing really jumped off the menu to me .
0	do n't worry but i wo n't come close to this restaurant again .
1	personal hygiene was n't on the menu that night !
0	there 's no pride in the service or the food at all .
1	looking over the menu , i noticed the kids menu was slim to none .
0	i really could n't believe this .
1	the menu was prix fixed at $ _num_ .
0	this mcdonalds is straight crap .
1	i thought the selection on the menu was pretty poor .
0	the drive through service here leaves something to be desired .
1	we waited for the server yet again after asking for drink menus .
0	i was a little dissatisfied in how poorly i welcomed to the hotel .
1	did not look like the menu pic .
0	this location is terrible .
1	not like super cheap but the menu has variety .
0	the chicken nuggets come out under par .
1	prices were not listed on that daily special menu sheet either .
0	but it was not happening at this place !
1	however , this place does have burgers and other menu items .
0	they used real garlic and it was served with it - minced .
1	also , they did n't have much of a sushi menu at all .
0	will not be back .
1	given all this , the $ _num_ entrees on the specials menu were surprising .
0	i liked the bar .
1	my first disappointment was in the size of the menu .
0	the food was not great and not worth the price at all .
1	the menu was extremely old , small and the coffee was pure water .
0	more unbelievable , i waited _num_ minutes to pay for the two services .
1	i ordered the classic burger because nothing on the new menu excited me .
0	but i really would n't recommend going there .
1	at _num_ pm , we were handed large menus with several dozen interesting choices .
0	altogether , spent $ _num_ and left with a great disappointment !
1	really good looking menu but the execution really failed .
0	also , the service was not that good .
1	my last gripe with the restaurant is the limited menu .
0	unfortunately , the food was sub-par .
1	the menu looked alright , like a typical small chinese restaurant .
0	there are fruit flies hovering around our table too .
1	the menu is n't extensive , so keep in mind your options are limited .
0	not even worth a star .
1	the decor was outdated along with the menu and food .
0	i mean really loud .
1	if you choose to go with the mexican side of the menu its disgusting .
0	the toppings on my salad were barely there .
1	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
0	you can usually count on them for cheap and fast food .
1	however , i was surprised by the reasonable beer selection and the nice menu .
0	the fries are very salty .
1	i was seated and given a menu , and that is where it ended .
0	the good : the ladies who run the registers are personable and helpful .
1	and sit we did for _num_ minutes without water or menus .
0	i am positive this bakery used to be better ... something has changed there .
1	i looked over the menu before entering and _num_ employees offered assistance .
0	have consistently had rude customer service .
1	menu was hard to follow .
0	third terrible .
1	nothing of interest on the menu .
0	i stop in every week for it .
1	sat waiting _num_ minutes for a server to bring us menus .
0	when it came out , it was pretty lousy .
1	i do n't hate anything on the harris grill menu .
0	my husband and i are pretty patient people , but this was ridiculous .
1	know the menu , attentive and personable without being fake and obnoxious .
0	nothing special .
1	some of the staff barely knows english past the menu items and prices .
0	$ _num_ wasted because i never got my massage .
1	menu includes hot sandwiches , wraps , gyros , and salads .
0	second , our food was served just barley warm .
1	this additional charge should have been mentioned on the menu .
0	it is dark , so do n't expect to take any good photos .
1	the menu lists them as including jalapeno , but there was no heat whatsoever .
0	the technician was telling us how it was closed and had just reopened .
1	i walk in , look around , look at the menu ... hmmm .
0	the shrimp were perfectly cooked , though , and i was thankful for that .
1	everything on the menu is sooo expensive .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	it 's _num_ , time update your menu & restaurant .
0	worst venue iv been to .
1	harris grill , i think your menu is trying too hard .
0	been here twice ; both times it was an awful experience .
1	it 's unfortunate their menu only has _num_ sandwiches on it .
0	store is too small and always crowded .
1	it was a special event menu , which i really hate .
0	i never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members .
1	the menu was alot different than the last time we was at applebees . ]
0	neither of us had cash on us , ( umm ... sorry ? )
1	should try ordering from the menu it might be better .
0	very very bland .
1	did n't even offer a food menu .
0	alexander 's offers some of the worst italian food i 've ever had .
1	nothing new or original on the menu .
0	not that the food was bad it just was n't good !
1	strange menu : pasta , but no burritos .
0	_num_ .
1	that and it did n't come with the horseradish on the menu .
0	the pizza , even when plain , is very greasy .
1	the menu is confusing and the cashier did n't really explain things well either .
0	boxes and toys were all over the floor in the store .
1	the menu looks like it was written by a kid in the first grade .
0	the server was nice , that is not the issue .
1	it was a very limited menu and small portions .
0	no thanks .
1	waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu .
0	i will tell people not to go there and i will never go back .
1	limited menu .
0	this was my second time staying at this hotel with the same problem .
1	same dcor which we like but a new menu .
0	would n't recommend at all .
1	buffet only with a limited tapas menu .
0	worst grocery store i 've ever been to .
1	typical olive garden , standard menu , nothing special .
