0	no wonder the store was empty .
1	not going to spend money here again .
0	rude !
1	save your money and dine elsewhere .
0	the sheer size of it all was just too much too .
1	spend a little bit more money and save yourself the trouble and disappointment .
0	i am brand new to the area and never ordered from this location before .
1	do n't waste your money !
0	but this place is downright disgusting .
1	the only way its worth the money is going all day .
0	you will be disappointed .
1	spend your money in a local hardware store .
0	_num_ .
1	typical auto repair shop trying to steal money especially from young women .
0	really wanted to like it here , but am never going back .
1	the staff and management are rude and only want money .
0	i 'm not a coffee snob i can do with it or without it .
1	benihana is not worth your time or money .
0	i ordered a long john which looked pretty good .
1	she finds anything to charge you to get extra money out of you .
0	_num_ minutes later we had still not been acknowledged .
1	i should have refused delivery and just got my money back .
0	do n't bother eating here .
1	it was a waste of money .
0	the service was annoying .
1	do n't waste your time and money .
0	everyone else at the table hated their food .
1	please people do n't waste your time or money here !
0	the eastern european girl at the register is awful .
1	much better value for money spent .
0	for dinner i ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes .
1	we refuse to spend our money at an establishment like this .
0	pino then literally threw our menu 's at us , and walked away .
1	simply put , it is overpriced and not worth your money .
0	honestly , it looked like someone had already starting eating this .
1	not worth the time and money to go here .
0	bland and overcooked .
1	we finally got our money back , we did n't even eat the food .
0	treated badly .
1	had to sign up just to inform others not to waste their money .
0	i tried the seared ahi tuna .
1	as for a place to spend money uptown i 'd skip it .
0	total mess .
1	do n't waste your time and money going here .
0	she said there was no time to order another dress .
1	will not return and i do n't recommend you waste your money here .
0	the room doors are all spring loaded to they slam shut .
1	the guy at the register took my money , did n't say anything else .
0	sweating at the lanes while trying to hold a loaded gun .
1	of shrimp and _num_ scallops with very little salad greens for alot of money .
0	worst elevator system i 've ever come across .
1	with all of the other options in the area , take your money elsewhere !
0	that 's not an eatery either .
1	i 'll spend my hard earned money where the food and service are better .
0	i also ordered boneless ribs , which were pretty good .
1	the money just seems to be needed to drive business i guess .
0	not a big deal just thought it odd .
1	i 'll be sure to spend my money elsewhere next time .
0	but for those considering a long distance purchase , just beware a bit .
1	maybe they can use the money to buy some real food .
0	seriously just do n't do it .
1	just ca n't see it for the money .
0	they are taken over by a very large mega restaurant chain corporation .
1	can not justify giving money to someone who runs their business in that manner .
0	i 'd give it zero stars but yelp wo n't let me .
1	the rooms are not worth the money .
0	my husband and i are pretty patient people , but this was ridiculous .
1	please do not waste your time , gas or money .
0	the food was underwhelming and pricey .
1	i lost money .
0	it 's not like they were busy .
1	do n't waste your time and money here .
0	i got the beef , the chicken & cilantro and the spinach empanadas .
1	this place is awful dont waste your money go somewhere else .
0	this is the worst chinese food i have had in a long time .
1	you 're better off taking your money elsewhere .
0	she did n't say a word to us .
1	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
0	if i could give the place zero stars , i would .
1	they said they were delivered so they could not give me my money back .
0	cardboard with a strange tangy sauce and a side of disaster .
1	really need to put some money into this place .
0	their food , service , and hours are inconsistent .
1	but its definitely not worth the money .
0	service was slow for soup and a salad .
1	east side never fixed the problem but they were glad to keep my money .
0	waitress walked away two times while opening our bottle of wine .
1	what a bummer to spend that much money and be that underwhelmed .
0	these place are virtually the same .
1	food taste was not that great for the money we are paying .
0	the wait for someone to take our drink order was rather long .
1	this place was a waste of our time and money .
0	this place was horrible .
1	will not be going here to throw away my money .
0	anyway - i wo n't be heading back anytime soon !
1	we should have spent more money and got a nicer place .
0	that was a little awkward though .
1	it takes money to keep the engine running .
0	when i asked the receptionist where the stylist was , she did n't know .
1	sadly not worth the money or time .
0	the pricing is ridiculous .
1	so rather than waste gas money , i began calling around .
0	the fish sandwich is bland on a generic bun .
1	too many good restaurants in charlotte to waste time and money here .
0	the store is extremely pricey and nothing really interested us .
1	i would never give these people my money again .
0	stay far away from this place .
1	would n't they want you to stay and spend money on their property ?
0	the last _num_ hoagies i 've gotten here is again only mediocre .
1	so i have made them a lot of money staying there .
0	we 've been going through the same problems for years now .
1	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
0	not my favorite .
1	do n't waste your time or money at this denny 's .
0	the place just seemed small and shabby to me .
1	hands down , not worth your time or money !
0	but , something happened sadly .
1	want to pay too much money for fish that smells like a sewer ?
0	even though i was only there one time , first impressions are a bitch !
1	all things told , though , i would spend my money elsewhere .
0	my other issue is their restaurants are all filthy .
1	it is a waste of time and money .
0	should n't you be doing this for all of your clients ?
1	never again well i spend money in this establishment .
0	_num_ more minutes to get plates .
1	it 's not worth the money .
0	delivery came somewhat cold , extremely bland .
1	a true waste of money .
0	poor quality work .
1	we feel like our money was wasted .
0	upon arrival , the place is nearly empty .
1	but as long as they got their money ; they could give a crap .
0	what a mistake .
1	they do n't deserve your money .
0	that 's not a lobster roll !
1	absolutely a waste of time and money .
0	unfortunately rock bottom is one that falls into that category .
1	do n't waste the time or money , many better options around town .
0	you 're probably thinking $ _num_ or $ _num_ , right ?
1	overall , i feel like i really wasted my money here .
0	Negative
1	save yourself pain and throw your money out the window .
0	i would be careful ordering food here .
1	i 'd rather spend my money at goodwill !
0	i sat around for an entire saturday waiting and no one ever called me .
1	i just expected a nicer meal for that kind of money .
0	_num_ $ for a plain roast beef forget that !
1	all they want is your money !
0	open closet reminiscent of a motel _num_ .
1	save your money and make spaghetti at home !
0	you do n't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that .
1	not worth your money !
0	i usually do not like posting negative reviews .
1	this theatre is dying , do n't waste your money .
0	watery sauce , no heat .
1	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
0	also , very expensive !
1	when you stop spending money they are off to another table .
0	big league cities need big league transportation .
1	diners beware , spend your money elsewhere .
0	i decided to play it safe and ordered the broccoli in garlic sauce .
1	do not waste your time and money at this restaurant .
0	not to mention , our order was wrong !
1	ugh ... do n't waste your time or your money !
0	she brought a pile of beverage napkins .
1	nice employees , but it was definitely not worth the money .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	i called back and eventually he offered to refund my money .
0	not up to it 's previous brunch standards .
1	never again will i spend money in this place .
0	honesty today must have been forgotten .
1	you can not pay me money to eat here again .
0	they did have other types of dogs but they were more expensive .
1	there are better places to eat for the same money .
0	he talked loudly across the whole restaurant to staff members back in the kitchen .
1	spend your money eating something w personality !
0	needless to say , we will never return !
1	do n't waste your time or money going to this place .
0	hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain .
1	waste of my time and money !
0	5:30 on a saturday and only two other tables were occupied .
1	i will never spend money here again !
0	i am definitely disappointed .
1	this was a complete waste of my time and money .
0	i wo n't come back this unpleasant and pricy restaurant never again .
1	support local businesses , but make sure they are deserving of your money !
0	plus , _num_ of the new tires went flat within _num_ weeks .
1	they 'll gladly take your money , however , good luck getting issues resolved .
0	i can not believe how unprofessional this store was !
1	warning : do not waste your money on this place !
0	the fries were cold , and the sandwich and fries were very greasy .
1	i asked for my money back .
0	does n't matter what time we go .
1	money trouble ?
0	way too much cheese .
1	do not waste your money here .
0	risotto , while one of my favorites , is n't pasta .
1	i realized she wanted me to give her money for having my card declined .
0	ingredients were spot on , but it was lacking any real flavor .
1	well that 's sure different , way to waste money on that .
0	i went to exchange a product , instead i just returned .
1	please ... take your hard earned money elsewhere .
0	i gave her a call and she did n't pick up .
1	go to a better cajun restaurant , this one is not worth your money .
0	they play pop music and it 's supposed to be an italian place .
1	for real , wasting money for wrong order !
0	i 've only eaten here once before .
1	not worth the money .
0	tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency .
1	do n't waste your time or money .
0	a little pricy for food but not too bad .
1	i would not stay here , it 's not worth the money they charge .
0	_num_ .
1	please save your money and visit another store or company .
0	the food is only okay .
1	waste of time and money overall .
0	i will not go back again .
1	no i do n't want to pay you money for doing your job .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	do n't waste your money .
0	was n't great .
1	do not waste your money at this restaurant .
0	while the place itself looked clean , the stylist 's rolling cart was not .
1	why on earth would anyone pay that kind of money ?
0	food was dry and the sauces were watery .
1	i have never spent so much money to look this bad .
0	but sadly , it was n't .
1	i will happily spend that money elsewhere .
0	it was just inedible .
1	it was a waste of my day time and money .
0	at tram 's , the pho bowl is small .
1	trust the reviews , it 's not worth the wait or the money !
0	but i 'd suggest you not !
1	this place really is n't worth the time or money .
0	let me first tell you that i 'm not really a sushi guy .
1	got my money back and left .
0	im never going back .
1	i really was hoping for good food not money off of our order .
0	find a new chef quickly .
1	otherwise a complete waste of our money .
0	not so much .
1	lousy service once they have your money .
0	omg what a nightmare .
1	there are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money .
0	eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $ _num_ .
1	they would n't even refund our money for the fish we had bought .
0	_num_ .
1	he had my money and had no more use for me .
0	just skip it .
1	in my opinion , a waste of money .
0	no big deal .
1	horrible experience and not worth the money .
0	diner _num_ - steamed clams .
1	do not waste your money .
0	my biggest issue was the attitude i received when i called .
1	waste of time and money .
0	this was a no go for me .
1	i feel like i wasted my hunger , time , and money .
0	there was no information about this .
1	your just going to waste your money !
0	what was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip .
1	they stole my money .
0	i have spent a lot of time at shooting ranges both indoors and out .
1	will take my money elsewhere .
0	horrible .
1	do n't stay here , save your money .
0	that reminds me - the slices are huge , and are $ _num_ .
1	without mentioning money once , i was told all that they would do .
0	why does this place always smell bad ?
1	they are there for the money not to reply cater to the customer .
0	both were crappy , at best .
1	save your hard earned money and avoid this steak 'n shake at all cost .
0	actually just had an awful experience with a manager named chris .
1	they are the worst company to ever deal with all they want is money !
0	it sits in the warmer cases , and looks `` crusty '' .
1	i asked for my money back and left .
0	the bloody mary was pretty awesome for what i assume is a pre-made mix .
1	this place is beautiful but not worth the money , stress , or headache .
0	we were disappointed in this hotel .
1	however , they will not get my money .
0	nothing was comped and no manager was available .
1	lots of places to spend money !
0	it is appalling to see what that place has become .
1	they just cost me money and lost my tires .
0	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
1	do n't waste your money or time .
0	very disappointed in our delivery order this evening .
1	food : sub-par for your money .
0	waiting in line took roughly _num_ minutes on a tuesday about _num_ noon .
1	i 'm only writing this to save someone else from wasting money .
0	i started with a cup of their wonton soup .
1	save yourself the trouble and just flush your money down the toilet !
0	for $ _num_ , it was n't worth it .
1	that is the last money i will spend in that place .
0	styrofoam plates and plastic forks .
1	save your money , this place does n't deserve to be named ruth chris .
0	to add insult to injury , the only restaurant in the hotel sucks .
1	she gave us our check but never came back to take our money .
0	additionally , i was not too thrilled with the atmosphere or beer selection .
1	or the fact that you 'll save sooooo much money by being a member .
0	the little bit of bacon it did have was burnt .
1	do not waste your time or money there , you will regret it .
0	very poor form on the owners part .
1	do not waste money here .
0	it is dark , so do n't expect to take any good photos .
1	i 'm glad i took my money elsewhere .
0	so after explaining the situation they lower the price to $ _num_ .
1	when they paid for my stuff the girl pretty much threw my money down .
0	at best , less than mediocre breakfast .
1	do n't give these people money .
0	menu says `` soup '' , no particular type .
1	spend your money somewhere else .
0	makes me glad i live in new york city .
1	way too much money for the wrong stuff !
0	ok i said i was sorry .
1	your hard earned money is better spent at a different chinese take-out restaurant .
0	unfortunately the food did not come close to my expectations .
1	i do n't want my money to go towards hate .
0	bobby and i came here after dinner and sat up at the bar .
1	biggest waste of money !
0	does chicken salad hold a week in your fridge ?
1	this is a waste of time and money .
0	the food is sooooo bland though .
1	did n't even ask for my money back i was so disgusted .
0	that was not fair to her and definitely not fair to us .
1	i do n't need to spend my money there .
0	great location but low on amenities .
1	total waste of money .
0	no flavor .
1	stayed on a business trip seeking to save money on the nightly rate .
0	for our dinner , we were given a salad , entree , & tiramisu .
1	no reason to go to this place , spend your money elsewhere .
0	i called to order contacts and they were utterly confused .
1	i wasted my money , and i will never , ever go back there .
0	in addition to being condescending , they hung up on me .
1	will not be going back to give them any of my money !
0	this was a big mistake .
1	it was a waste of my money .
0	it does n't even have to be memorable ... just not offensive .
1	so we called back and asked for our money back .
0	unfortunately , it is yet another example of poorly made americanized italian food .
1	alot of money for very poor care .
0	he asked me if i had $ _num_ cash on me .
1	what a waste of money !
0	wan 's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with _num_ other friends .
1	took money out of my account for late fees .
0	ca n't say much for an office that is managed this way .
1	it is not worth the time or money .
0	fish was not fresh .
1	shop around , they are really money hungry .
0	today , half the lettuce i had on my caesar salad was rotten .
1	so my money is on the lotus buffet .
0	there was too much rice , and presentation was sad .
1	never coming back again , it was such a waste of money !
0	from the food to the prices , you could n't find better .
1	save your money on the chili cheese fries .
0	burnt chicken in the burrito .
1	no card , no money left their hand .
0	the place was noisy and it was pricey .
1	half ass job for more money than i 'm used to spending .
0	the burger was so-so with little flavor , which was very disappointing .
1	do n't waste your money or time here .
0	for how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends .
1	i could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself .
0	instead of about _num_ '' _num_ '' it 's about _num_ '' thick .
1	this vet is only out for the money .
0	horrible , horrible company .
1	save your money , shop elsewhere .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	all that money spent elsewhere because of one power trip .
0	the wait staff is incompetent and the food is grossly overpriced with zero flavor .
1	unless , you want to have terrible service and regret about your money .
0	no such luck .
1	they already had my money , so why be courteous now ?
0	i could get food faster in a prison cell .
1	find a better management who does n't take your money and piss on you .
0	the cheapest thing on the menu was $ _num_ .
1	i wo n't be wasting my money again .
0	thankfully i just dislike tomatoes and it was n't an allergy issue .
1	stay away unless you have extra money for cold food and bad service .
0	and i am certainly not a fan of the olive garden .
1	save yourself lots of money and frustration and avoid this location .
0	it 's tough to find anything good here .
1	i felt like i had wasted my hard earned money .
0	they need to find new wait staff who are attentive and friendly !
1	do n't waste your time or money !
0	however , every times i drive thru pittsburgh , i always stopped here .
1	well money talks so they talked me into giving them another try .
0	it took about _num_ minutes , minimum , to get our first drinks .
1	a total waste of money .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	a complete waste of money , avoid at all costs .
0	i think i 'll find a place that 's a little more ... me .
1	take your money elsewhere .
0	i should n't have to ask for napkins at the point of need .
1	i asked for a full refund , i was not spending my money here .
0	bottom line , this place sucks .
1	he requested his money back .
0	this place is sad .
1	the biggest thing is they lost the money !
