0	my server was horrific .
1	the music was loud , especially for the wee hours of the morning .
0	waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu .
1	the music is fantastic and there is so much room to dance .
0	_num_ .
1	music is fun and meeting people there is memorable .
0	also , white tortillas just do not do it for me .
1	and started adding to our music collection .
0	the service itself was n't to great either .
1	it was rather awkward during the meal , no music , no entertainment .
0	totally my own fault , but still , watch out .
1	very dull , non attractive environment and the music is horrific !
0	awful service , overpriced food .
1	the bartender was very good , as was the variety of music .
0	my husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked .
1	no other complaints except for the `` music '' .
0	based on this experience , i would most definitely not recommend this to others .
1	the music was not the traditional italian style they used to play .
0	very pricey food , cash only , average food .
1	atmosphere for working with chill , usually good music and interesting crowd .
0	staff is rude .
1	it 's very quite and you have to pay to hear music .
0	not very tasty .
1	the biggest disappointment was the music selection .
0	granted , it was a friday morning , but still .
1	good background jazz music !
0	this hotel is really dated , and the rooms smell funny .
1	the loud music returned as a birthday was being celebrated at another table .
0	i am not changing my review nor am i removing it .
1	i love the music .
0	_num_ of _num_ of our steaks came out totally wrong .
1	you can always count on a cool crowd and good music .
0	the portions are not worth the price .
1	if that station is not playing great music try _num_ .
0	the portions here are huge ( the one constant ) .
1	the music did n't fit the ambience .
0	_num_ .
1	thankfully the music became the highlight of the evening .
0	bad for an adult who is looking for something tasty .
1	the music choice sucked .
0	i asked for a full refund , i was not spending my money here .
1	pretty empty , so when the music started , the locals came in .
0	they called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one .
1	nasty dance music and dispatch radio way too loud .
0	just know that they have horrible customer service and technicians .
1	store seemed small and cramped and the music selection leaves everything to be desired .
0	would rate the food , but have no clue because we are still waiting .
1	no one was in the restaurant , no music , very awkward .
0	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
1	it 's basically a hole in the wall that has live music .
0	the apps were good but do n't eat dinner you 'll regret it .
1	this just is n't anything i 'm looking for in a music venue .
0	food is ok but horrible delivery service .
1	music is the same as it used to be which is awesome .
0	i sat down in the chair for pedicure .
1	loud , but good music ?
0	terrible !
1	they always had good music playing in it too .
0	if we had been drinking we would n't care .
1	music in bathroom was too loud .
0	the food on the other hand - absolutely horrible .
1	and this place plays _num_ 's pop music loudly .
0	but i ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo , nothing to rave about .
1	there was no background music .
0	so when i got back to the office , i went online and checked .
1	the music was so loud that the seating host could barely here my request .
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	live music nights outside are worth a stop since they are free .
0	do n't waste your time ... .
1	the layout is good , drinks are cool and music is just great .
0	needless to say , we wo n't be going back for quite some time !
1	friendly bartenders , full bar , awesome specials ( and good music ) .
0	will probably never go here again because the person servicing me was rude .
1	i also did n't like how loud the music was .
0	but i did n't have a problem with that .
1	sometimes they bring in very weird bands or groups to play music .
0	i had no disclosure of this whatsoever when i signed my lease .
1	turn the fucking music down !
0	_num_ ) the portions are small !
1	the music played is terrible .
0	terrible service .
1	nice , clean , just the right level of ambient music .
0	i understand , you ca n't try them all .
1	great music selection in an old school juke box .
0	i 'm shocked , never thought men 's dress clothes were so pricey .
1	great food , great atmosphere , nice music and fun & tasty menu items !
0	then , in june , my maid of honor calls me .
1	staff , music , and food is great !
0	again this is pittsburgh not philly , dc , or ny .
1	it is nice to hear classical music often played over the sound system .
0	because i really want to like harris grill .
1	always great beer and good live music .
0	avoid this place .
1	and this place has the worst hold music !
0	they were soggy , and not crispy at all .
1	she said `` i do n't have the authority to adjust music '' .
0	he was very kind , but only dropped my food off .
1	on top of everything , the music schedule is phenomenal .
0	crappy service and food .
1	the music is loud and the people are ... well.
0	what happened ?
1	$ _num_ beer specials and live music on a beautiful sat evening .
0	so , i will never be back .
1	great place for friends , beer , and music under the stars .
0	i do n't like coleslaw .
1	it 's my favorite live music venue in charlotte .
0	sure , it 's friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable .
1	at 3am this place is jumping with music and people getting there party on .
0	it 's not worth the headache .
1	live music and tasty food !
0	this guy seems nice but he 's actually not .
1	- the music videos they play are awful .
0	personally , i do n't see what is so special about it .
1	the music the guys played was all stuff from like _num_ .
0	and is _num_ dollars a glass .
1	the drag shows are awesome and the music is usually great for dancing .
0	man , the rent has to be so cheap !
1	great dinner , great music , atmosphere was on point .
0	by now , my companions had finished eating .
1	i went to cabo fish taco tonight after seeing a live music show .
0	let 's start with having a _num_ sanitation rating .
1	the music is loud , but the crowd does n't seem to care .
0	it 's not what i was looking for , but thank you '' .
1	country & western music plays constantly .
0	horrible service .
1	unfortunately this place is good for music and nothing else .
0	the beer selection is n't that great and the upstairs bar is not full .
1	enjoyed my dinner and the music as well .
0	my burger was well done and dry .
1	the music was terrible .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	the music was too loud for conversation .
0	i am just hoping that i do n't get food poisoning later tonight .
1	could n't stand the music .
0	the food : plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying .
1	they also have plenty of bathroom which is important in a music venue !
0	there were also plenty of empty tables .
1	best music in pittsburgh , hands down .
0	fridays seems to have gone down hill .
1	maybe the music made it so i could n't taste my food .
0	it tasted rotten and disgusting .
1	plus no music etc .
0	he needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made .
1	the music played in the background by the band is annoying and overpowering .
0	i would put _num_ star if it was possible !
1	a great place to enjoy a beverage , book , and music .
0	the one rabbit is ( per statement vet ) not going to get better .
1	the music was great and the lobster crab cakes were spectacular !
0	i also had a few bites of the chicken marsala .
1	the atmosphere is very warm and friendly and often with live music .
0	w h at a shame .
1	live music with a full bar .
0	unfortunately zero stars is not an option .
1	lots of fun , great music .
0	no apology .
1	kind of loud with people trying to over talk the music .
0	he was told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppies and pepsi .
1	not my kind of music either .
0	life is too short for less than mediocre food .
1	if you love live music then this place is for you .
0	this place was awful .
1	i went there tonight to hear live music .
0	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
1	the decorations look like they 're straight out of an _num_ 's music video .
0	( i was _num_ cars away ) .
1	everything was below average , except for the music , which was about average .
0	it 's loud as hell !
1	really loved the music !
0	unfortunately the service is very hit or miss .
1	very diverse location with good music for the most part .
0	the pizza was bland , tasteless .
1	this is a superb club to see and hear music .
0	just awful customer service .
1	this is an extremely smoky bar with terrible music .
0	did they think they could get away with it and we would n't notice ?
1	stupid music and just all wrong !
0	this place makes you feel unwelcome and dumb .
1	loads of fun when they have live music , too !
0	the food is n't something to rave about but it 's edible .
1	they had a dj playing music at an obnoxious volume .
0	did n't know how to remove gel polish .
1	the double door inn is a great place to see live music .
0	the servers are polite , but extremely inattentive .
1	the music was not laid-back , more like aggressive .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	most of the music sucked .
0	very disappointed that this is the only photo store in the city .
1	poor choice of music .
0	save your money , shop elsewhere .
1	the owner and employees provide a wealth of knowledge and suggest great music .
0	i 'm not really a messy eater , but come on !
1	in fact , it 's the best live music joint in the whole city .
0	it was another _num_ before i got my food .
1	and the worst of all they had a dj with super loud music .
0	avoid until this store gets its act together .
1	they always play music way too loud .
0	_num_ minutes later he calls again and asks where we are .
1	decent music and great wings ( i think they still have wing night ) .
0	no sodas .
1	the crowd is mad cool and always responsive to good music .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	terrible music .
0	it was so underwhelming .
1	the music was so loud .
0	ordered two personal size pizzas , spicy fries , fried zucchini & onion rings .
1	great music venue with good sound quality and friendly staff .
0	the main reason for the low rating was the service .
1	the jukebox has some interesting selections , and the music is usually good overall .
0	why would anyone even pay for such lousy food ?
1	it 's just great alternative music that seems to be lacking these days .
0	... can you call back later , i 'm really busy . ''
1	stopped in on a monday and enjoyed live music in a cozy beer garden .
0	i ordered chicken tortellini pasta and chicken noodle soup .
1	great music .
0	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
1	there 's lots of live music , and a truly irish ambiance .
0	he literally walked around the restaurant to find someone , but could n't .
1	go on the weekends , they have live music !
0	but i just can not bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here .
1	acoustics are horrible just horrible and make listening to the music painful .
0	it 's ... just ... not that good .
1	classical music playing outside .
0	so extremely rude .
1	cheesy elevator music is playing overhead .
0	appetizers : nothing really wrong here .
1	there was no music or anything , just utter silence .
0	rather disappointed .
1	staff is efficient and friendly and they play great music .
0	they also lose things , more than once .
1	the music is crap now .
0	the restaurant never called us , so we ended up eating elsewhere .
1	my biggest beef the music was ridiculously loud !
0	a lunch over charged and wasted .
1	great building , live music , and service .
0	the restaurant was pretty empty , no wait for a table .
1	worst thing was the loud dance music .
0	once seated , i practically had to beg for a wine list .
1	amazing live music .
0	the only thing they did n't want to do was flush my brake fluid .
1	staff is unfriendly and constantly playing inappropriate music .
0	just bad .
1	loved everything from the ownership , to the crowd , to the live music .
0	i 'll admit it , i 'm already an italian food snob .
1	throw in some live music and it makes a fun summer night dinner !
0	worst service in the area , by far .
1	i 'd give a better rating if they just turned their music off .
0	for appetizer , we had the kimchi pancakes , which were not fully cooked .
1	relaxed laid-back atmosphere , cool music , friendly service .
0	the soda machine was broken .
1	fridays and saturdays with live music .
0	went for brunch and spent $ _num_ .
1	while i 'm not a music expert , my guest is .
0	by the time they were cooked , everyone was finished eating .
1	i also love going their when they have live music .
0	for many , many years i had the same massage therapist .
1	pretty good live music ?
0	_num_ .
1	the dj hardly played any of the music that was submitted .
0	i was ok with this and it sounded fair enough .
1	very loud with live music and very mediocre food .
0	i disliked the cold cheese and cold pepperoni on so so crust .
1	they have great live music and the service was great .
0	getting on and off is confusing .
1	two stars for cheap drinks and good music , though .
0	you can not pay me money to eat here again .
1	did n't really like the music at all .
0	i did not even want to put my purse down .
1	i am only going back for drinks and music in the future .
0	if i remembered her name , i would definitely mention it in this review .
1	the loud music on the weekend is annoying .
0	the place is gross !
1	leather seats , great music , very clean .
0	if not , stay away .
1	it was terrible and not family friendly music .
0	avocado is like banana .
1	wonderful cajun cuisine , great live jazz music , and fantastic wine selections .
0	all in all , very disappointing in our book .
1	to me , the only positive thing of the place is the organ music .
0	i was a customer for approx _num_ yrs .
1	love ac 's music but the food at his restaurant was awful .
0	it also was n't the cleanest place i 've ever seen .
1	i would not eat food here but for live music its ok .
0	wow , not so much .
1	, and i already mentioned great music .
0	do n't get me wrong , i wanted to like this place .
1	so why did this store stop carrying music and movies !
0	but it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment .
1	i recommend this hidden gem to my coworkers in the music factory .
0	the cheese pie was pretty bad .
1	do n't waste your time music out of date .
0	i wasted my money , and i will never , ever go back there .
1	the worst live music venue that i have ever been to .
0	i would never recommend this boutique to a bride unless you want added stress .
1	shame on the music store for treating a regular customer in this manner .
0	she said `` fine '' ( rude ) .
1	loud music until like _num_ am .
0	let alone one that the food is n't even that good .
1	the food , service , and live music was all great .
0	and was really disappointed .
1	the music on the speakers kept cutting out and was driving me nuts !
0	more unbelievable , i waited _num_ minutes to pay for the two services .
1	great place for live music .
0	when i was little there was always enough donuts for everyone !
1	atmosphere - it would have been ok but then some horrible music started up .
0	i 'm not big on chain restaurants .
1	music was great !
0	should n't you be doing this for all of your clients ?
1	the have good beer prices , especially for a music venue .
0	just getting our drinks out was confusing .
1	walking in we were greeted by terrible music .
0	we left einstein 's because it was crowded .
1	music too loud .
0	not a fan of the french bread .
1	music way too loud .
0	service is n't too bad , but could be better .
1	the music is horrible , but most sport bars have that trend .
0	no more .
1	expect crowds , with loud loud music and lots of smoke .
0	$ _num_ down the drain .
1	you could n't even hear the music !
0	waitress never apologized .
1	it was crowded and loud , why the dance music at sushi place ?
0	then again , we were in pittsburgh , so it 's a given .
1	prices are reasonable but the music was downright horrible .
0	i was very uncomfortable the whole time i was there .
1	i 'm not sure which is worse , terrible music or nothing .
0	not good .
1	there is live music on some nights which always makes for a good time .
0	normally , i have had the best experiences there .
1	i could hardly tell it was music let alone actually hear anything .
0	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
1	-they play obnoxious music outdoors ( but not inside !
0	better deals and better food at a mall food court .
1	there was no room in the hotel that could avoid the awful music .
0	i really really want this place to do better .
1	the music sucks .
0	it is april and there are no grass tees yet .
1	i love country music but it was too loud .
0	that is not a way to earn anyone 's business !
1	good music .
0	but hey , it 's pittsburgh .
1	the music is terrible .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	pizza still good but anything else is boring like the music .
0	hope i have better luck next time !
1	there are even folks playing music on the `` street '' outside .
0	walking through this mall just creepy though .
1	the _num_ 's music also did not fit the atmosphere of a mexican restaurant .
0	the worst part was checking out .
1	not a way to run a music store .
0	they were pretty terrible .
1	super comfy atmosphere , live music , & clean bathrooms .
0	some of the salads are alright , but its just not good food .
1	no music , and every _num_ mins the waitress came over and looked nervous .
0	the sweet and sour chicken looked like drops of hard , fried batter .
1	music was awful last saturday .
0	nothing special on this menu ... .
1	crystal clear and the music sounded like a million bucks coming out of it .
0	apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town .
1	loud music at all hours , drug dealing every where in the complex .
0	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
1	bar staff is really attentive but the music is still awful .
0	estimated delivery time _num_ minutes actually delivery time _num_ minutes .
1	the neighbor upstairs has her tv and/or music ridiculously loud every night .
0	worse than eat park quality .
1	they play pop music and it 's supposed to be an italian place .
0	granted , i like to host social events .
1	do n't go here for anything but the walls and music .
0	not convenient for an early flight .
1	it was hard to enjoy anything with the music so loud .
0	i 'm not paying $ _num_ to get rushed service .
1	very classy , great selection and soothing music .
0	i ate two of the _num_ tenders ( seven ! )
1	definitely recommended - and our guests really liked the live music !
0	no wonder the store was empty .
1	best craft beer , live music , and patio in charlotte !
0	i had a pretty negative experience for my first trip to sushi kim .
1	it is a terrible place to see live music .
0	the pasta with chicken was about the best from the trio .
1	the music is way too loud to read .
0	it makes no sense .
1	great music , good coffee , friendly staff .
0	they booked me with a guy by the name of jason .
1	they were also playing _num_ year old pop music really loud .
0	so very rude .
1	is that music as annoying to everybody else as it is to me ?
0	i would n't recommend this place .
1	first of all the music sucks .
0	this was a complete waste of my time and money .
1	bad music .
0	there 's never any reason to be rude to your patrons .
1	little do you know that light music is being heard next door !
0	i just do n't get why the floor is like and ice skating rink .
1	the music was great however the bartender attitude was horrible !
0	so i have no gripe with the tailoring itself .
1	great music , fun crowd , pretty decent prices on drinks .
0	clearly , they do n't need my business .
1	nothing worked except the elevator , the bathrooms , and the elevator music .
0	the range itself had terrible ventilation .
1	this is a great place to see live music in charlotte .
