0	_num_ .
1	i walked up and simply asked , excuse me , what 's your name ?
0	its not like she got nothing out of it !
1	i went to pick up my dresses and gave them my name .
0	no soup for me apparently .
1	there 's some great furniture and the name says it all fiesta .
0	_num_ hour and _num_ mins is ridiculously long to wait !
1	gives old uncle sam a bad name .
0	i was a little salty with her , i 'll admit .
1	i wish i had caught his name .
0	salad was average at best .
1	i have him my name and paid for my food .
0	one thing i like about the store is the proximity to my house .
1	the name phoenix children 's has a trusted name , sure .
0	my experience here was terrible .
1	our waitress ( did n't give us her name ) was a bit rude .
0	just be sure to make your appointment with someone with experience .
1	she offered me two different stylists by name with no other information .
0	avoid this place .
1	clam chowder was the soup and salty was its name .
0	this has to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront .
1	then another woman called me up to the counter and asked for my name .
0	all our food was the thrown together in the same pan .
1	_num_ max per team ; you pick your team name .
0	furnishings and bedding from the _num_ 's ... if not _num_ 's !
1	name is not listed on the board .
0	caesar salad should not be too spicy to eat .
1	i asked for his name and he would not give it to me .
0	last week my husband and i visited pittsburgh for a rock concert .
1	that statement is false and also , my name is n't on the card .
0	it also was served at room temperature .
1	account numbers and account holder names sitting all over christopher the teller 's desk .
0	shrimp was hard to chew .
1	`` gourmet '' should not be part of their name .
0	they do n't c are .
1	he refuses and asks for my name .
0	obviously that feeling is long gone .
1	i gave the clerk ( unknown name ) a fifty dollar bill .
0	i sat in the little snack area and drank it .
1	instead , all they serve up here is hamburgers with fancy names .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	i arrived _num_ minutes early and gave the girl at the counter my name .
0	find a new chef quickly .
1	i asked his name , and he refused to give me his last name .
0	sounded like i was flying a helicopter .
1	glad money was spent getting new name tags instead of more tellers .
0	huge portion .
1	do n't you care about your reputation and good name ?
0	it 's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order .
1	the manager here by the name of david needs to get fired asap .
0	it was _num_ % breading .
1	the only draw is obvious from the name of the restaurant .
0	gave me a texas number .
1	my case was put before a supervisor named donna .
0	for some odd reason , local aaa offices dont post their phone number online ?
1	my mistake that i ca n't remember her name .
0	i also ordered the southwestern turkey burger .
1	but i damn sure know how to locate a business name !
0	no idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way .
1	i talked to a salesperson named josh .
0	some customers may like it , me , not so much .
1	servers too busy chatting , hiding , you name it .
0	i no longer have to carry around my terrible , terrible secret .
1	they booked me with a guy by the name of jason .
0	it 's the same thing but _num_ more dollars .
1	what a disgrace to the marriott name .
0	we used to visit this place most every time we went to pittsburgh .
1	a woman by the name of rose called me over to her work station .
0	the coffee was stale .
1	about the name : the pizza box says `` famous rays '' .
0	apathetic service staff all around , the peanut and i were really disappointed .
1	no business name , nothing .
0	the parking lot is miserable .
1	why does only one of the _num_ pharmacy staff members wear a name tag ?
0	- none of the food was super awesome .
1	this location really gives bagel places a bad name .
0	no complaints there .
1	it 's to bad i did n't get any names .
0	i expected bland sushi .
1	needs some customer service classes ... too bad i did n't get her name .
0	he tried to `` screw '' me over .
1	when i walked in i gave them my name and paid for my order .
0	do n't expect too much .
1	i wish i would have known that they changed their name on here .
0	rude .
1	did n't say hi , just named my food and the dollar amount .
0	do n't recommend buying a car of another make here .
1	- brie brulee : a name far more interesting than the dish itself .
0	not convenient for an early flight .
1	i just sat down and they called his name .
0	took _num_ days to pick up the cut sofa !
1	never stopped to take our names so we just left .
0	the only good thing was that the cheese biscuits here are bomb !
1	this location gives marshall 's a bad name .
0	so completely frustrating .
1	however the bright spot is this smoking hot young mexican woman named kim .
0	such a waste of time .
1	it was under my boyfriends name .
0	it was a wet tasteless mess .
1	i wish i could remember his name .
0	_num_ big screen tvs .
1	horrible , the name change to new golden china .
0	i 'm not a coffee snob i can do with it or without it .
1	my one comment to the owner is take your name down .
0	it tends to bring in the worst of people .
1	bank of wasting my time is what their name should be changed to .
0	horrible service !
1	very classy , wish i could remember her name .
0	like i said maybe just an off night but we wo n't be back .
1	on name alone we had to check this place out , just for kicks .
0	went to barnes and noble waterfront with _num_ books on my list .
1	the waitress , i know not her name , was incredibly rude and inattentive .
0	service is incredibly slow .
1	she never asked for our name or gave an estimated wait time .
0	i 'm not asking too much .
1	what in gods name does that mean i have no idea ?
0	did we catch them on a bad day ?
1	another group of _num_ people came in after us , put their name in .
0	they are open late hours , so sometimes that can be handy .
1	it should n't even be called by the same name .
0	once seated , service was extremely slow .
1	hello , my name is thomas .
0	i had to pay them to waste my time and do nothing !
1	i hate leaving bad reviews which is why i 'm not leaving a name .
0	the coffee shop attached to the hotel is just ok .
1	the person at the front taking names and seating people was downright rude .
0	got ta say , i 'm not a fan of this place .
1	all same name , same address .
0	i ca n't believe all the high reviews .
1	horrible experience with company that does not live up to it 's name .
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	after putting our name in we were told _num_ - _num_ minutes .
0	going through aaa is a bit worse than your average dmv .
1	they must not associate their name with pizza .
0	it was messy .
1	anyways , lost the recommendation name and decided to yelp around that area .
0	the crepe pancakes were ok , but nothing to write home about .
1	the big king did not live up to it 's name .
0	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
1	i wish i could remember her name .
0	the drinks took forever , i had something floating in my wine .
1	she did n't ask my name .
0	today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality .
1	manager would n't even give her real name !
0	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
1	rude cashier , i believe her name was erin ( short blond hair ) .
0	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
1	our server was an older gentleman who did not give us his name .
0	so i was appalled by a lousy not fresh dirty salad !
1	both the cashier and the owner would not give me their names .
0	smoky , but not horribly so .
1	later i found out that this employee was a manager named daniel .
0	in total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food .
1	the name should be garlic with some vegetables and _num_ bites of chicken .
0	my boyfriend had their philly cheesesteak and he could n't finish it .
1	i really wish i could remember her name she deserves _num_ stars .
0	the `` new '' rooms are terrible .
1	sold her a no name brand tire , one tire , for $ _num_ !
0	i ordered chicken curry .
1	no name tag on his shirt .
0	the cupcakes were average at best .
1	new name same place , i got the club sandwich .
0	i refused .
1	she reluctantly gave me the owners name .
0	after taking her to another vet , i was educated about wound care .
1	i could n't remember her name as she really did n't help anyway .
0	her corn on the cob was undercooked .
1	the sales rep who 's name is john arnold was ok .
0	the selection was not unique , though there were plenty of dresses .
1	your restaurant and employees give fast food chains a bad name .
0	lack of chicken and brown , mushy lettuce .
1	i complained and they sent out a supervisor named mark .
0	( did i mention they tasted like old fryer grease ? )
1	wish i would have gotten their names .
0	even though the groupon included menu items , they do n't have a kitchen .
1	did my irish name cause my order to be overly americanized ?
0	service , small selection and mediocre food .
1	i do n't remember our waitresses name .
0	the produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good .
1	when she greeted me she asked for my date of birth and name .
0	lame .
1	it 's cheap , it 's fast , the name is familiar ?
0	so , obviously , no free refills .
1	unprofessional , lazy and making a bad name for the south .
0	he said they 're making improvements and that i should try it again .
1	sorry macy 's you do not live up to your name .
0	is it terrible ?
1	actually just had an awful experience with a manager named chris .
0	the food is forgettable and the menu sparse .
1	i was introduced by first name only to the server .
0	fries are nothing special .
1	i said no , you 've crossed our names off and left .
0	do n't use the drive-thru .
1	two totally different restaurants with the same name .
0	there was no sorry , we 're working on it ... etc .
1	called and spoke to someone whose name i dont remember .
0	but my patience was not even worth it .
1	thankfully my wife 's unique first name allowed them to find it .
0	every time , the hotdogs ( and brats ) are harder than a rock .
1	maybe they should change their name to worst buy !
0	the other food was decent , but as i said before was cold .
1	i 've heard they officially changed their name to big pile of crap .
0	it was awful !
1	someone by the name of justin apologized , who was he ?
0	original post written september _num_ - i do n't recommend this company .
1	who 's name i did n't catch ... was unhelpful and condescending .
0	very disappointed .
1	got some salesperson , do n't remember his name .
0	the worst of our experience ?
1	i asked for the managers name or general manager info and was refused again .
0	this pf changs needs new management !
1	she was hesitant to give me her name because she knew she screwed up .
0	now it 's just crap .
1	the good egg should really change its name to the `` mediocre egg . ''
0	not going back again .
1	how funny the owners name is `` mike s '' !
0	_num_ .
1	they seriously give the bike community a bad , shady name .
0	oh yeah , the ac sounds like a _num_ taking off above your bed .
1	person who took my name down was also rude as ever !
0	on top of all this service was n't the greatest .
1	the name says `` saloon '' , no beer on tap .
0	the beds are very comfortable so you can get a good night 's sleep .
1	i went up to the hostess and gave her my name .
0	i got food poisoning and was so sick .
1	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
0	this is probably one of the worst olive garden i have been to .
1	our waiter was very generous , unfortunately i forgot her name .
0	i do n't understand this either .
1	i did n't get a chance to get her name .
0	save your $ _num_ and skip this place .
1	i asked if he needed my info / name , he said no .
0	however , i hate it because i believe the alcohol and food is overpriced .
1	but i can name a few bad ones !
0	the pasta i got was good , but nothing to write home about .
1	unfortunately , i do n't know his name !
0	it 's tacky too hot .
1	of course driving by the name caught my attention , so why not !
0	i would have given it _num_ stars .
1	he does n't live up to the name !
0	waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks .
1	worst asian food i 've ever had - nothing asian about except the name .
0	_num_ hour wait and then cold food served .
1	i 'll spare the name of my `` stylist '' but why , idk .
0	it 's hard to get a good chinese restaurant around pittsburgh .
1	i did not catch his name but everyone at this store is completely incompetent !
0	as my review makes clear , i ca n't compare the food .
1	the wine selection is laughable for a place with wine in the name .
0	what a complete waste of time .
1	this is just to name a few problem that occurred while renting from them .
0	this was the worst gel manicure experience i 've had .
1	first of all , that name is completely misleading .
0	compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite .
1	this is not even worthy of the name .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	the vet ( never told me his name ) was rude and short .
0	that is completely ridiculous .
1	i ca n't image why kfc allows them to operate under their name .
0	i do n't mind them being cash only .
1	it would not be necessary for any name to be called .
0	it was still dripping with grease .
1	truly lives up to the name `` terrible '' .
0	this was the worst hotel that i ever stayed in .
1	everybody will know your name , though .
0	( _num_ ) left messages and no one called me back .
1	they took my name , phone number email ... only to completely ignore me .
0	_num_ outside , _num_ inside .
1	i asked him his name , and he literally ran away !
0	receive my check to find out it was all full price .
1	we submitted our name thinking it would be 20-30 mins .
0	over-priced , slow , very dirty , and an overall sketchy vibe .
1	i guess they should change their name to any other team but chicago .
0	i should have known then that it would be a bad experience .
1	no lab coat , no name tag , no introduction , no nothing .
0	excuse given was understaffed but when you are not busy it does n't fly .
1	the waitress was really nice , i think her name was sarah .
0	nothing changes even when they are n't busy .
1	your last name is greek .
0	_num_ . )
1	honestly it is vet clinics like this that give all vets a bad name .
0	pasta trio - _num_ out of the _num_ was passable .
1	i wish i knew her name because she is horrible .
0	and then just stood there waiting to write my order down .
1	i gave the hostess my name and reservation time .
0	the wait staff was not that great either !
1	he gave me names and a number to complain .
0	ash trays all over the bar .
1	the security guard at night called me a racist name .
0	another employee tried to help me fix it and screwed that up too .
1	i ordered one of their burgers that i could n't remember the name .
0	changed too seem to be the quality of the steaks .
1	i ask again for his name and refuses again .
0	all that money spent elsewhere because of one power trip .
1	they should change the name of their water park from oasis to shit creek .
0	this place is trashy .
1	the evening was saved by the manager whose name i did not get .
0	i miss the old garden ridge .
1	when i called , said name lee , did n't even apologize .
0	the beer selection is n't that great and the upstairs bar is not full .
1	they give other dennys a bad name .
0	i 'm thinking we 've struck out .
1	her name is tammy roberts -- make sure never to use her .
0	they have a salt problem .
1	your staff just made an embarrassment of your name as a franchise owner .
0	take a hard right down aisle _num_ and then you hit the bakery .
1	the server named rebecca is out of control and rude .
0	they called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one .
1	unfortunately chains rely too much on their big name .
0	the service itself was n't to great either .
1	no one seemed to know our names .
0	but did nothing to make up for it .
1	i wo n't mention names but the manager and assistant manager are terrible .
0	but my date returned and relaxed with a glass of wine as we chatted .
1	nothing special here , just another big name franchise .
0	she was not present for about _num_ minutes after we were sat .
1	ca n't remember his name which is a shame .
0	if i could give negative stars , i would .
1	i ca n't work at home because the bed always calls my name .
0	anyways , horrible experience .
1	my name was the next one not marked off .
0	for your own sake and peace of mind , do not give them business .
1	not sure of the owners name .
0	the location is n't ideal ; on the side of a busy highway .
1	pei wei , you give pad thai a bad name .
0	overall , this place gets a _num_ stars .
1	terrible 's has lived up to its name .
0	very disappointing considering their pricing structure .
1	he insisted on having our names just to take our order .
0	literally the worst experience ever .
1	you get called up by a number not even bother saying your name .
0	interior is dark and dated .
1	is n't it _num_ flavors in their name ?
0	last time i ever set foot in that place .
1	there is only one positive to this situation and her name is wendy !
0	it wasnt horrible , it just wasnt great .
1	an apathetic staff -- i think just two people knew my name .
0	not to mention they do n't fill your drink !
1	asiago , and two more , i dont remember the names .
0	unfortunately , the service is some of the worst i 've experienced in charlotte .
1	they should really change the name of this place to the arizona kids place .
0	i will not return to new china .
1	one lady asked for the manager 's name and was totally ignored .
0	most places allow return of items within _num_ days , even if a mattress .
1	i give her my name and she says its not ready .
0	he did not seem to be too enthusiastic with his job .
1	it gives fast food a bad name .
0	_num_ ) my hot chocolate was just gross .
1	i wish i would have gotten her name , she was an older lady .
0	'
1	she gave me a new name `` order number _num_ . ''
0	money trouble ?
1	no name , just a number .
0	no hostess coming up .
1	i wish i could remember this one 's name .
0	okay , i 'm not from pittsburgh .
1	the name of the place is filibertos and the entire staff is mexican !
0	i dont eat meat so i ate the spinach ravioli and it was ok .
1	i do wish i would 've got his name to report him .
0	rude service , and pizza was subpar .
1	a young man named mike did not help me or try to help me .
0	the head massage was painful and rough .
1	i do n't even remember her name at this point .
0	when the oysters came out , they did n't even look like oysters .
1	if i remembered her name , i would definitely mention it in this review .
0	the hotel itself is ok .
1	sushi chef ( andy ) i believe his name was gave horrible service .
0	they are too pricy as well .
1	`` the first _num_ letters in a common name . ''
0	this is the burger king that corporate forgot .
1	i do n't even think the dentist knows my name .
0	absolute thieves and liars .
1	the fried rice was just what the name is -- fried rice .
0	my chicken sandwhich was also made with rubber chicken .
1	the food was terrible , the water tasted like the name of the restaurant .
0	probably should have gotten a salad .
1	she never told me her name and had a very unprofessional and poor attitude .
0	unfortunately , the party stops there .
1	it was a place where everybody knew my name .
0	it was fried tofu in soy sauce with red pickled chinese chilli .
1	no name tag so i do n't know his name .
0	the food , on the other hand , is not good .
1	the valet did n't have a name tag .
0	not good .
1	the nail tech named judy made both of these experiences extremely uncomfortable and unpleasant .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	they should be embarrassed , this store gives tj 's a really bad name .
0	service was incredibly slow .
1	the girl was very rude saying `` omg what 's the name !
0	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
1	not my name .
0	why the need to put lobster in a dye ?
1	i wish i new these employees names .
0	lidia should be ashamed that this is being run this way .
1	save your money , this place does n't deserve to be named ruth chris .
0	so disappointed in food and its cost .
1	john flagged down a salesperson by the name of patrick .
0	the only part of our day that really irritated me was our checkout .
1	the job they did is what gives car salesmen their bad name .
0	and he had a cd setup -- seriously , cds , in _num_ .
1	i did n't ask his name again because he had such an attitude problem .
