0	there was absolutely no hot water for my shower .
1	convinced me i needed a cap , i did n't .
0	if it would have been me alone , i would have walked out .
1	inventory control needs some help .
0	is it possible to give zero stars ?
1	i only stopped because i needed ta repair that day and they were close .
0	sweating at the lanes while trying to hold a loaded gun .
1	management needs to either train their staff better or be replaced themselves .
0	and i quickly remembered why !
1	someone needs to wake up , update , and start cooking with passion .
0	this was a no go for me .
1	poor management is hooters problem and they need to fix it .
0	no way would i ever stay at this motel again .
1	server said she needed my card and would have to talk to the manager .
0	i paid over $ _num_ for _num_ large cheese pizzas .
1	it 's tired and needs a major overhaul .
0	but it 's not well maintained .
1	this location needs new management and new employees .
0	i just started laughing , i was sure this entire night was a joke .
1	the cashier ruined my experience and management needs to check her attitude !
0	i ordered here after the many good reviews but was quite disappointed .
1	no , i do not need your assistance .
0	however it just does not work for me .
1	it needed spice though .
0	the color of the dish was as bland as the taste .
1	we made a reservation ( no need ) for 7pm on saturday .
0	the bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence .
1	the store needs a major overhaul and some employees who care .
0	junk worse than mcdonald .
1	if you just need to fill your gut with something ... why not ?
0	the economy is not doing well.
1	headed to backyard pools the next time i need something pool related .
0	what reason would a restaurant serve water in a plastic cup is beyond me .
1	he then asked me what i needed .
0	even the atm was boarded up , which is really not a good sign .
1	clt needs improvements in the drop off and pick up areas .
0	so , i got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it .
1	need i say more juan was rude and seated people behind us .
0	it was bad ... the you ca n't drink it kind of bad .
1	fish market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity or new management .
0	as if the food is not the real star of the show .
1	the manager here needs better training .
0	they sit on tables and often just sit at your table .
1	i 'm such an individual i need to look like everyone else ... .
0	for $ _num_ a person it was terrible .
1	i have dietary restrictions and i need to be picky .
0	he tried to `` screw '' me over .
1	either way , they need to get it together on the hospitality tip .
0	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
1	i repeated what i needed and they told me no , no , no .
0	an expensive mess .
1	the rooms are just worn out and in mighty need of a facelift .
0	i feel like everything i say is wrong .
1	no wonder they need coupons for customers .
0	takeout is gross .
1	painfully blah , older business hotel that needs updates and upgrades .
0	the gentleman told me it would be about _num_ minutes .
1	hmm , this mall needs a facelift .
0	i was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant .
1	bummer to need to post a negative review of a previous favorite .
0	very rude service was in line for ten mins .
1	she needs more training in customer service .
0	visited with a party of _num_ last weekend for a friend 's birthday .
1	no need to return ever again .
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	did we really need another one ?
0	they are in terrible shape .
1	no need to ever return .
0	_num_ . )
1	needs more books and homeless people .
0	that was n't to be .
1	flights we 're canceled so i needed to drive _num_ hours home .
0	the pasta at applebee 's are definitely not worth the $ _num_ they charge .
1	they need to get this fix quickly .
0	we stuck it out and left with no intention to return .
1	i needed new glasses , so prescription in hand i went shopping for frames .
0	the staff is rude .
1	for how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends .
0	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
1	seriously , all the people here have major attitude problems and need an adjustment .
0	the wonton soup i have to say though was very good .
1	waited _num_ minutes before someone asked if we needed something .
0	painfully mediocre : small rolls , $ _num_ miso soup , drinks were reasonable .
1	common areas needed to be vacuumed !
0	$ _num_ for _num_ '' italian and $ _num_ for _num_ '' mushroom steak .
1	i told her i need a friday after _num_ any week .
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	do i need an artisan barbecue glaze on my crust ?
0	breakfast was good .
1	i just need to look for another place for my favorite mexican food .
0	prices were okay , but no great bargain .
1	but we drove a long way and needed a place to stay in charlotte .
0	the bartenders had no desire to serve `` us '' .
1	unfortunately i found this mcdonald 's in need of a good cleaning .
0	the toast was good , but i was too full to keep eating .
1	old , needs remodeling .
0	service was incredibly slow .
1	the lighting was dim and very difficult to find what i needed .
0	general tso chicken lacks in chicken .
1	we have kids that need to eat and are getting cranky .
0	otherwise , i really would n't recommend this place to other people .
1	no braces needed .
0	_num_ . )
1	all in all , this place just needs a bit of organization .
0	it 's close to my neighborhood , hence the _num_ star .
1	you need a new chef , immediately .
0	richard does not make you feel comfortable .
1	the location of this restaurant needs to be updated .
0	nothing i had tasted good .
1	they really need to change their system here .
0	it was quite mediocre for old school burgers and fries .
1	the hotel is marginal , but needs some major updates .
0	crust tasted like frozen pizza crust .
1	the green papaya salad was bland needing more lime juice .
0	worst customer service ever !
1	they need to check their dates and stop selling stale , overpriced beer !
0	i 've had a lot of bad experiences at this store .
1	anyway i feel this place needs more exhibits for adults to enjoy .
0	the veggies were about average , not fresh , but did n't taste gross .
1	this is one place that really needs to go away !
0	one , quite literally , threw a guy off of the bus for me .
1	i 'll make that drive next time i need my lobster fix .
0	i hate complaining like this .
1	do you really need _num_ bk employees standing around doing nothing ?
0	they did n't even get their drinks .
1	this needs no explanation .
0	( this becomes important later . )
1	they need to be cleaning this dirty restaurant .
0	obviously , if you choose to patronize this establishment , pay cash .
1	they need to just scrub the place down .
0	the chilli they use is worse than that mystery meat texas pete canned chilli .
1	they really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room .
0	just terrible .
1	the nut job lady in the morning needs to be on meds .
0	are you kidding me - not even inspected prior to delivery .
1	the staff did not even attempt to address my needs .
0	i just felt i was rushed out of there .
1	do not use these people for your dry cleaning needs !
0	next week i happily tried to repeat the last order i got .
1	they need to get out of the _num_ 's with the decor .
0	that was unacceptable .
1	this pf changs needs new management !
0	waitress wiped off table and pushed crumbs into my lap .
1	big league cities need big league transportation .
0	tonight was my second attempt here .
1	anyway , i needed something specific so i tried to get past it .
0	the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
1	i just need to avoid bagel sandwiches ... .
0	the salads are small and nothing to write about .
1	mine needed a bit more sauce to make not as dry .
0	extremely rude and condescending over the phone .
1	i was _num_ minutes late , no need to yell .
0	the red sauce tasted like it was ketchup with sugar added .
1	i went into this store yesterday buying all supplies needed to make jewelry .
0	it 's not a very good longhorn .
1	but i did n't need anything else done .
0	while the place itself looked clean , the stylist 's rolling cart was not .
1	this place needs at least two more employees , and better customer service .
0	i wish there were no kids .
1	not as crispy as others stated and they needed salt !
0	`` it 's not coming off !
1	we need more irish pubs and local old time watering holes .
0	i would give him a _num_ start rating .
1	i could sense she wanted no part of my family 's need .
0	the place was completely empty .
1	both walmart and sam 's club need to learn valuable customer service .
0	this store is terrible .
1	sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook .
0	i 'll be honest , i just do n't get it .
1	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
0	i was unable to justify spending $ _num_ or $ _num_ for their membership .
1	i needed a quick haircut , so was pretty much forced to go here .
0	if this is their generic price for _num_ hour of labor it is ridiculous .
1	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
0	it 's a shame he could not assist me with some grace and respect .
1	staff training is badly needed .
0	the server got my order wrong .
1	the place is just older and needs some renovations .
0	i would not leave my dogs there .
1	i selected overnight shipping because i really needed them the next day .
0	worst climbing gym i have ever been to .
1	i needed a patch so i could go on about my day .
0	unfortunately yelp asked to provide more details on review .
1	keep the $ _num_ , y'all need it more than me !
0	in a bad frame of mind , i tried my food .
1	but no way to cancel , need _num_ hours notice for us ... .
0	my salad came out shortly after the appetizer sliders .
1	first off , it is desperately in need of some updates .
0	the catfish was fried too hard and did not have any meat on it .
1	i thought my cod was adequate but rather tasteless and in need at salt .
0	even the staff is miserable anymore .
1	what they are doing is not right and needs to stop immediately .
0	but they use the cheapest meats they can find and you can taste it .
1	however , the rooms were worn and in serious need of updating .
0	upon receipt she told the manager she could n't see clearly .
1	needed a quick bite across the street after i landed at the sheraton .
0	i also wish that i could provide them with zero stars .
1	then shortly after , i needed to replace the alternator or the like .
0	i 'm not against p.f .
1	this place needs a severe cleaning job from top to bottom .
0	_num_ sundaes were $ _num_ .
1	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
0	she refused .
1	really this place just needs to be more hospitable .
0	the food was terrible .
1	sorry storm , you need to improve this .
0	avoid this location .
1	every employee that works at this pizza hut needs to be fired .
0	the bill was $ _num_ so it is pricey .
1	and the room temperature needed some adjustment for a phoenix summer day .
0	our server was friendly , but not terribly attentive .
1	the warranty will be valid , just need to contact customer service .
0	weird experience .
1	they need better selections in sushi .
0	but that should be explained by the waitstaff when someone orders the meal !
1	really need to put some money into this place .
0	i was very unimpressed with this olive garden location .
1	she needs a crash course on customer service .
0	ghetto , the server kept calling me baby all night .
1	i have no need to do that .
0	lot _num_ is ultimately a forgettable lunch destination .
1	either way , no need for rudeness .
0	my expectations for mcdonalds are t rarely high .
1	this place needs renovation and cleaned up desperately .
0	that 's not our usual practice . ''
1	the food was terrible & the cooks need to get it together .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	just go further down east wash if you need a crappy taco fix .
0	they are incredibly slow and ridiculously over priced .
1	the service , however , needs help , literally .
0	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
1	i needed usually needed to wait and attempt to attract her attention .
0	it was gross .
1	i should have went elsewhere but my car needed it bad .
0	it did seem a little unwelcoming and a little dated .
1	no one ever greeted me or asked if i needed help .
0	i was disappointed with the selection of food as well .
1	i guess you dont need my business .
0	this is no mike and tony 's or big greek gyro in market square .
1	i woke up with a stuffy nose and in need of some hot soup .
0	worst lunch option uptown .
1	why the need to put lobster in a dye ?
0	our entrees , dessert and coffee all came out at different times .
1	the money just seems to be needed to drive business i guess .
0	the only thing i found good was the plain rice .
1	this place is in need of some serious updating in all areas .
0	decor and service were just fine , no issues there .
1	i thought the charges were excessive and questionable services that they stated i needed .
0	so why is laundry on liberty so expensive and so busted ?
1	we never got asked if we needed anything else and received no water refill .
0	the pizza was n't bad , but it was n't great either .
1	i expressed my disappointment and said please do what you need to do .
0	the decor was old _num_ 's which could have charm but this did n't .
1	i went in to ship a package that i needed to return to amazon .
0	i mean , we went here thinking we would get a good value .
1	( gross out side note : their bathrooms need better ventilation .
0	not much pineapple in the chicken pineapple dish .
1	this bk needs better management and training for the employees .
0	the sandwiches , although unique , were not that good .
1	they need to get some help in here or people will stop coming !
0	very inconvenient in a world where cash is pretty much on the way out .
1	the information for this restaurant needs to be updated !
0	over priced , over hyped but a hell of a time regardless .
1	it 's very dated and in need of remodeling .
0	food was ok , nothing much to speak of .
1	looks like i 'll need to pick up a lawyer .
0	i did n't hear back .
1	the menu is kinda bad , they need more of a selection !
0	the team went out of their way to get us in quickly and efficiently .
1	he needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made .
0	sad thing is , i 've been here a couple times .
1	first impression : the place is old and in need of some updates .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	this place needs an iron fist .
0	it was totally different from all other og restaurants i 've visited .
1	why would we need to see indian school road two times ?
0	we 've been there twice and witnessed one fight per night .
1	someone in management needs to get a clue !
0	i 'm never going back , and you should n't either .
1	they just need a better starting product !
0	buses are late all the time .
1	chef ramsey , where are you when we need you ?
0	the meat in the steak sandwich was like dog food .
1	not a great hertz location and they need much better signage and training .
0	wanting faster internet i signed up .
1	i do n't need fancy , i just need comfy .
0	i was disappointed with the seafood salad .
1	ridiculous , i 'll take my tailoring needs elsewhere from now on .
0	but it was n't during peak hours .
1	seems like they have enough customers and do not need to be nice anymore .
0	we sat down for lunch after checking into our hotel room .
1	potato gratin ( $ _num_ ) needed an extra _num_ min .
0	um , not me , thanks .
1	clearly , they do n't need my business .
0	words could not describe my disappointment .
1	tell me what i need , tell me how to care for things .
0	it was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing .
1	note : i will update my review if i need to go back .
0	there was the powder parmesan on the table which i added myself .
1	they need to find new wait staff who are attentive and friendly !
0	the place is gross !
1	this place needs to be closed - stay away !
0	the service was poor .
1	management is friendly but everything needs cleaned .
0	terrible .
1	i do n't need beans and rice on the same plate .
0	is sad because the pizza is great but the service is horrible !
1	just an awful airport that needs to get back into the 19th century .
0	$ _num_ wasted because i never got my massage .
1	never open when you need it , unreliable availability with his products .
0	almost three days later , i had n't heard back from them .
1	everyone was working hard , they just need more people !
0	not sure pino 's will get a repeat visit .
1	another thing they need to drop are those chopped salads .
0	zero flavor and the mushrooms were canned .
1	after the drive we were starving so we needed food .
0	i wo n't be going here again .
1	two waitresses ignored us , one cleaning a table that was obviously not needed .
0	the lady i spoke to was rude and unprofessional .
1	made a reservation in may through expedia , which i needed to cancel .
0	left with : big mac , medium fries , no coke .
1	our server was not at all attentive to our needs .
0	so we again go off in search of someone to help .
1	it really need more improvement comparing to my last experience .
0	do they even have tables for _num_ ?
1	i feel as though i needed to write this review .
0	second , the rolls here are sloppy .
1	anyways , i think the ideas here are good , just need better execution .
0	i might return for drinks but only drinks .
1	you would probably need the drinks to mask the poor quality of the food .
0	pitiful service .
1	we 've had everything better somewhere else , and feel no need to return .
0	things quickly got off to a bad start .
1	i do n't need anything fancy but this was pathetic .
0	what 's worse ?
1	the place really needs a good cleaning before i will go back again .
0	the dishes that night were sub-par , which was a first .
1	she was really busy and she looked surprised we needed the check .
0	needless to say , we never returned .
1	i needed a cut so i went for it anyway .
0	unfortunately , my head is sometimes up my own behind .
1	the woman said `` no i do n't need to run it again .
0	unfortunately , the worst part of my meal were the steaks .
1	i think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients !
0	it was also fairly small , but that was almost to be expected .
1	it 's old technology and it needs to die .
0	horrible communication skills and customer service .
1	but no good sandwich needs nonsense like that .
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	its ridiculous and the policy needs to be changed asap .
0	jiffy lube sucked .
1	i do n't need this , seriously .
0	i waited _num_ mins in the lobby .
1	other than that , it needed hemmed and taken out just a touch .
0	also it 's loud as hell !
1	`` no , just seeing if you need assistance . ''
0	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
1	so i do n't need to tell you how nasty that was .
0	there was some improvement for awhile , but it has gotten worse .
1	they really need a customer service training .
0	naturally , i get an automatic voicemail .
1	_num_ minutes later half of our party needed to leave .
0	the spicy sausage soup she first ordered was mostly broth .
1	i just need a quote because i am shopping around .
0	the building is old and dirty .
1	which i do n't really need .
0	this place is n't very good .
1	he did n't need to treat me with such disregard .
0	you 're paying like $ _num_ a night for no soap .
1	hence why i needed the coffee .
0	terrible experience !
1	i will not be returning here for any musical needs .
0	losing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless .
1	that waitress needs _num_ things : some training and an order pad .
0	i personally find its only real saving grace to be the outdoor deck .
1	if my simple needs can not be met , then i become very disappointed .
0	the staff is the most unfriendly and have a carefree attitude .
1	they really need to get it together .
0	this is nothing new .
1	yelp need to have a zero rating for places like this .
0	i stood there for a second and realized she was blatantly blowing me off .
1	but this ai n't no relative rating , and phoenix needs some better bbq .
0	service was terrible .
1	place was noisy , and needs complete renovation .
0	at the same time she got sat another table of _num_ women .
1	why do i need to request a stop on the `` t '' ?
0	this is the absolute worst steak n shake i 've ever been to .
1	truly , you do n't need this kind of grief .
0	people were sat after us and have already received food .
1	_num_ mins later our waitress comes back and finally asks if we need anything .
0	but for a few seconds , water completely stops .
1	the food portions need to be increased by _num_ % .
0	it 's somewhat upscale , but it 's not the ritz .
1	fuck that i do n't need to be disrespected like that .
0	cons : extremely inconsistent room cleaning service !
1	next time your country ass needs to stay home from work .
0	it 's been a tremendous ordeal to get it fixed .
1	but she needed a person from paint to approve it .
0	too bad .
1	sad , especially for the children that really need the program .
