0	we 've had too many problems to list all of them .
1	and it was n't even `` dentist 's office '' bad .
0	i may or may not come back .
1	the past few years the entire office has gone downhill right before our eyes .
0	just thought you should know .
1	office hours are until 6pm i 've not seem anyone there after _num_ ever .
0	it was not a gluten free menu at all !
1	i will never return to this office again nor will i refer .
0	not good .
1	the worst though are the people at the leasing office .
0	to compare this place to the famous sandwich places is nyc is a joke .
1	unfortunately however i am not reviewing her , but the office as a whole .
0	at noon on a friday i called getaway to place an order for wings .
1	front office is very unprofessional and rude .
0	do n't think i 'll be back .
1	the office hours here are terrible .
0	only because they were my only option .
1	i got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted .
0	the food was not prepared well .
1	my first complaint with this office is wait time .
0	also , the staff was fairly rude and all had chips on their shoulders .
1	they are condescending especially the person at the baseline office that answers the phones .
0	filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
1	they are cheap office chairs and the dressing rooms and mirrors are dirty .
0	absolutely the worst sushi my husband and i have ever had .
1	this office is a nightmare of incompetence .
0	just really lots of junk .
1	worse experience at a dr office ever .
0	it was very cold .
1	zero stars for the `` doctor '' but one for the nice office .
0	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
1	shady shady shady and unprofessional office staff .
0	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
1	this has been the worst experience i have had from any doctor 's office .
0	ok , so they were n't bad , but the fish was dry .
1	not to mention the office is tiny and very dirty !
0	do n't get married here .
1	i can not begin to express how poorly i think of corporate office centers .
0	do not use these people for your dry cleaning needs !
1	worst office ever .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	will i be calling the main office of greyhound demanding a partial refund ?
0	and they got my order wrong .
1	i 'm very disappointed with the front desk staff at this office .
0	that 's sort of disappointing but still fine .
1	the office also does not care because they are so use to the complaint .
0	i come down at 9:00 and the shuttle had already left .
1	so if you have a choice do not come to this post office .
0	it made me not want to drink my water even though i was thirsty .
1	used to like the office but seem money hungry these days .
0	the chicken nuggets come out under par .
1	went to the tempe office instead , which was awesome !
0	they were gracious to direct us to signs that got us out of parking .
1	this place is one of the worst dental offices i 've ever walked into .
0	worst tofu scramble ever .
1	on this beautiful friday evening there was no ticket office open .
0	for an appetizer , _num_ entrees , and naan .
1	this saturday morning i called the office to have her medication refilled .
0	coming here was usually pretty exciting .
1	i will not be going back to this office ever .
0	well , the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes .
1	the staff might make it at the post office ... maybe .
0	my girlfriend and i came to have some dinner around _num_ pm .
1	when i arrived for the ultrasound there was no one even in the office .
0	i needed a patch so i could go on about my day .
1	many of the front office staff are not customer service trained .
0	i did n't think it was that good .
1	i had a weekly pass for another wash by my old office .
0	we have been ordering food from little tokyo for almost _num_ years now .
1	however , his office staff was very unprofessional , if not unethical .
0	neither of us touched our food .
1	billing office was a complete nightmare .
0	it is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well .
1	the leasing office just look at me like oh well .
0	what kind of italian food has no garlic ?
1	the downtown office has ruined america 's best for me forever .
0	no consideration to the value of our time .
1	the gilbert office was booked so we were referred to the chandler office .
0	avoid !
1	i will definitely not be back to his office .
0	he did not look us in the eye and was just overall awkward .
1	my mother will never be taken back to this office ever again .
0	one did n't even look up from the computer .
1	the offices do not have great views .
0	under no circumstances would i eat here again .
1	they run this place like it 's a doctors office .
0	half the sandwich falls out while your eating .
1	not exaggerating , and not a soul in that office ever apologized .
0	i was seated and served a complimentary salad .
1	i 've called the leasing office several times and nothing has yet been resolved .
0	food remains ok but prices have more than doubled .
1	they have been my doctors office for _num_ years .
0	items do n't have price tags .
1	save yourself the time and frustration of going to this office !
0	so i would say , sure - check them out .
1	after leaving the business office my salesman takes me over to my new ride .
0	it was clean , but nothing to note otherwise .
1	but her office staff gets _num_ stars .
0	i really really want this place to do better .
1	office management needs to step in and fix asap !
0	as a customer i really do n't care .
1	needless to say , i will never be returning to this office .
0	crappy place .
1	this is really too bad as the doctors and back office staff are good .
0	and never refilled our empty water glasses .
1	the front office is not friendly and lacks basic customer service skills .
0	ca n't give this place anything lower than _num_ star .
1	would not recommend this office to anyone .
0	singapore had this for their buses in _num_ !
1	at this office any reservation you have is basically worthless .
0	really wish i would have looked at yelp before booking here .
1	the cool kids in the office like moto , i want to like moto .
0	rude to patron and to his own colleagues .
1	and this office have very bad customer service nobody say hey nobody help .
0	the old woman was not nice .
1	staff in the front office is horribly rude .
0	slow service .
1	but i dont know were he lives only his post office address .
0	- no visible signs of bed bugs .
1	his office person said , oh , insurance co 's dont like to pay .
0	the chicken was also extremely dry .
1	the office staff is rude and not at all helpful .
0	had no clue what i was talking about .
1	i hosted office holiday party on friday night at _num_ for _num_ people .
0	to each his own , i guess .
1	ca n't say much for an office that is managed this way .
0	i was not impressed by anything here .
1	just the worst experience from this doctors office !
0	did not taste like hibachi at all .
1	this is the worst dental office ever .
0	i do n't hate anything on the harris grill menu .
1	i am extremely disappointed by the customer service provided by this office .
0	tasted like sauce and cheese on toast .
1	the new front office people are terrible .
0	she also split a small mushroom pizza with my dad which was above average .
1	very unorganized and behind the times , as far as the office is ran .
0	it 's dirty and weird .
1	it feels like a bad dental office .
0	as for my mushroom and cheese omelette , the cheese was lacking .
1	the front office is an absolute mess .
0	and at least i put my cart back .
1	this office does not care about the patient .
0	urban spoon rated _num_ % favorite .
1	the front office staff were rude and very short .
0	all things told , though , i would spend my money elsewhere .
1	first the phone call to the office was less than desired .
0	the food was terrible and way overpriced .
1	i walked out of the office and will never return to this place .
0	the bread was cold and hard .
1	so , i am fed up with bad service from this state farm office .
0	why it 's locked i do n't know .
1	i asked around the office where i could find some great indian food !
0	remember , the call was on speaker so i overheard both sides .
1	worst leasing office !
0	would i have had to call in to sort out their staff 's mistake ?
1	the office staff is the worst part .
0	the fries were cold , and the sandwich and fries were very greasy .
1	i got no where which the corporate office also .
0	did we catch them on a bad day ?
1	the worst office .
0	when the oysters came out , they did n't even look like oysters .
1	this office is too busy and does n't spend enough time with their patients !
0	i love bbb ; however , this location is terrible .
1	but i find that typical of a lot of dental offices these days .
0	long lines , overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait .
1	i would not recommend this office at all .
0	the subway system only goes to one neighborhood from downtown .
1	the office manager lori has no customer service skills .
0	the corned beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special .
1	recently , the office staff and wait time has gotten horrible .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	the box office person did not even realize that a time was cancelled .
0	our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that .
1	i ate lunch here today , as it 's in my office complex .
0	needless to say , we will never return !
1	no one at the office was competent to explain the invoice .
0	worst chinese i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	this office is a nightmare .
0	the decor was junkie and old and cluttered .
1	the office did not call me with my test results .
0	i ordered two double cheeseburgers and waited over twenty minutes for them .
1	awful experience with this doctor 's office every single time .
0	we were ... disappointed .
1	my office all ordered from this awful place .
0	they have an assortment of beer and wine .
1	this office is very incompetent .
0	however it just does not work for me .
1	no one from his office called me back until after _num_ pm .
0	it is very disappointing after having wonderful experiences here for over _num_ decades !
1	this office has changed so much and not for the good .
0	only passable pasta was the pear & ricotta ravioli .
1	this is by far the worst medical office i have ever been to .
0	_num_ .
1	the financial office gal came in and asked for my insurance card .
0	most fast food places fall in the the meh category for me .
1	had to go to tempe where their office parking situation is a complete nightmare .
0	this place is a bad idea all around .
1	i was in the office purchasing my glasses for _num_ hours !
0	_num_ minutes later ... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there .
1	but anything that came from the office was garbage !
0	_num_ .
1	do n't go to this office .
0	whoever recently took over , should be ashamed .
1	his wife runs the office also and she is pushy and offensive .
0	terrible place and i would not recommend this facility to anyone .
1	the office is a nightmare situation .
0	both were not unique in flavor or presentation .
1	also , his office manager is not helping and very rude .
0	they all looked at me , none greeted or walked toward me .
1	i feel like they hate any one to go in their office .
0	i had a bad impression of this hotel before i even entered .
1	the clubhouse is no more , was converted into the new leasing office .
0	our server was obviously having a bad night .
1	he is so cold and the office is like a zoo .
0	some customers may like it , me , not so much .
1	i have never been treated so badly by a physicians office .
0	do not bring your car here .
1	very rude office staff what there is of it .
0	meh , i 've experienced better is an understatement .
1	i really liked dr. holy , but her office professionalism is horrible .
0	i had a mani pedi today and they were brutal ... .
1	so when i got back to the office , i went online and checked .
0	when i finally get someone on the phone , they are rarely helpful .
1	it just so happens that the office 's phone lines are down .
0	wanting faster internet i signed up .
1	probably the rudest receptionist and office staff we have ever encountered .
0	food was awful .
1	office max is n't a great alternative .
0	by `` multiple times '' i mean _num_ or _num_ times .
1	the hotel subs out the services for the business office .
0	neither one of us ate more than _num_ chips .
1	needless to say , i will not return to this office ever again !
0	it 's bizarre .
1	as he walked back to the office .
0	nothing to recommend .
1	calling corporate offices to complain about this place ... its beyond unacceptable .
0	weekend : dont bother .
1	i would not recommend this office .
0	our main dishes were equally mediocre .
1	leasing office : staff is rude and next to useless .
0	some are very slow .
1	it 's kind of hard to find since it 's located near office buildings .
0	i will not return to this place again .
1	( _num_ ) billing office was difficult .
0	awful service , overpriced food .
1	this is the worst doctors office i have ever been to .
0	described as having crab , lobster and shrimp .
1	this is the only office i have visited .
0	the bartender gave my sandwich by mistake to another customer .
1	the front office personnel is incompetent .
0	the night was not lost .
1	for some odd reason , local aaa offices dont post their phone number online ?
0	_num_ minutes later , she finally brought it back for me to sign .
1	i am pretty much fed up with this offices lack of professionalism and courtesy .
0	so , i am assuming they were delivered by a neighbor .
1	worst dentist office in town .
0	i do n't have that problem at other arby 's .
1	office max , your level of customer service is unacceptable .
0	the main waiting area is also empty .
1	however , the follow-up and communication from this office are absolutely horrible and unprofessional .
0	have never experience such a rude interaction with a car shop .
1	the front office staff has never even been especially personable , especially on weekends .
0	everything is bland .
1	firstly , this is a very small office .
0	it was so underwhelming .
1	the office staff & maintenance are the worst i have ever dealt with .
0	$ _num_ caesar salad with tasteless dressing that probably came out of a bottle .
1	arrived in about _num_ minutes to give them time to make our office order .
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	this is the worst doctor office i have ever been in .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	thats not the end of the office staffs behavior though .
0	waited _num_ minutes for drinks , _num_ minutes for good .
1	that office is complete shit .
0	they were then _num_ hours late picking it up !
1	does n't office max deal in computers ?
0	i will never have another mri done there .
1	i can not get over how unprofessional and rude this office staff is !
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	worst doctor 's office i have ever been too .
0	i met my friend jean here , she is a once a week customer .
1	my complaint and decision to switch offices came after a bill we received .
0	i paid $ _num_ for a partial .
1	it took _num_ 1/2 months for my office furniture to arrive .
0	_num_ .
1	do n't let the pretty office design fool you .
0	so disappointed with this place !
1	an hour later and still no word from their office .
0	i will not be going back .
1	i tried taking my complaints to the corporate office , with no avail !
0	went to _num_ tavern for lunch a few weeks back .
1	it is sad that my beloved vet 's office has disappointed me .
0	there 's nothing fast about this fast food .
1	i 'm out another office visit fee only for them to change the estimate .
0	the only thing that saved the evening from disaster were our server and busser .
1	go somewhere else if you want office help that does n't give you attitude .
0	i will never go there again , and i recommend you do n't either .
1	however , the worst part about this complex is the front office .
0	but over the years it has gone down hill .
1	office staff was less than friendly .
0	not same price .
1	worst customer service , even by post office standards !
0	the strawberry was too sweet .
1	absolute worse experience i have ever had with a doctor 's office .
0	never again ... .
1	this is the worst office i 've ever been to !
0	i tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment .
1	i am so furious with the way that they run this office .
0	instead it 's a runny broth at the bottom of the bowl .
1	the front office and billing is terrible .
0	as for a place to spend money uptown i 'd skip it .
1	two different people in my office were reduced to tears .
0	it was like a window into hell .
1	the office staff is incompetent in my experience .
0	description said grain mustard cole slaw and pickles .
1	it is not a dentist office !
0	lost _num_ stars for that .
1	taken my daughter to this office a few times , but wo n't anymore .
0	thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back .
1	i am very disappointed in the way this office is run .
0	so much rudeness -- checking out and trying to find other items .
1	this place is a dump and not anything like a professional doctor 's office .
0	the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
1	the office does n't care & the maintenance crew is rude .
0	very sad .
1	the office is old and seems dingy and dirty .
0	i ordered two chicken finger kids meals and two adult meals .
1	`` told him i have already called your corporate office .
0	i ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce .
1	i was so worried and started crying in his office .
0	the clothes are priced far higher than other such shops .
1	unfortunately , can not say the same about the front office women .
0	for pamela 's , we gave it a shot .
1	our office will not call or order from you again !
0	Negative
1	i would not recommend this office to anyone .
0	i never seen such a rude person in this county so far .
1	i would stay away from this office .
0	the only thing they did n't mess up on our order was the rice .
1	do n't even step in the door it 's a horribly ran doctors office .
0	_num_ hours to find the cold remedy i wanted .
1	guy that helped me at the office acted like i was n't even important .
0	i think we waited about _num_ mins , which was n't bad .
1	no wait , office staff was friendly .
0	ash trays all over the bar .
1	i truly hate this vet office .
0	do n't believe i will be returning here unless it 's free !
1	zero knowledge about insurance billing and general office procedures .
0	im from california and was excited to experience this restaurant .
1	the worst dental office i ever been .
0	the selection was not unique , though there were plenty of dresses .
1	are you kidding me with this office staff ?
0	the cheesy jalapeno dip it was served with was good .
1	never before have i encountered such unprofessional service at a doctor 's office .
0	worst customer service of any business i 've ever dealt with .
1	the both owners were yelling at one of their employees in their office .
0	it 's disgusting .
1	the office sent over my rx to my local cvs .
0	people are crazy about it but that thing tastes extremely ridiculous .
1	the leasing office is racist .
0	the burger and `` spicy '' cajun soup were very mediocre .
1	i travel _num_ minutes from north scottsdale to his office in ahwatukee .
0	waste of time and money .
1	it seems the corporate office does n't even care about their customers .
0	fairly mediocre , even by the relatively modest standards of home depot .
1	it was my first time here & i was ordering for my office .
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	in my opinion , i would find another dentist office .
0	unfortunately rock bottom is one that falls into that category .
1	office is a little bit old but not too bad .
0	i do n't want anyone else to go through this .
1	do not bother , you can find a better office !
0	did n't see a manager until after 10:30 pm .
1	they office staff has a ridiculous turn over .
0	i will never go back though .
1	i have never dealt with such horrible service from an entire office .
0	oh how the mighty have fallen .
1	of course the hostess acted like an office temp , with a bad attitude .
0	it was busy but at times could n't find her .
1	i can not stand office staff .
0	know your customers , bring back the stew .
1	do not go to this office unless you want to be ripped off .
0	i have n't felt this ripped off in a very long time .
1	i had a horrible experience with this office .
0	in fact , all of the food is becoming gross .
1	too fancy for a doctor 's office .
0	we 've been there twice and witnessed one fight per night .
1	but sadly , it 's the closest store to my downtown office .
0	i was here once and probably wo n't be back .
1	the park road office has terrible management and are very unprofessional .
0	nothing to talk about .
1	incompetent doctor ( s ) and office staff .
0	dont get me wrong , i kinda like applebees .
1	my next step is to contact chili 's corporate offices .
0	it 's really sad actually .
1	i would never take this dog or any animal back to this office .
0	i have never been so disappointed with a company .
1	like most doctors offices , they asked me to arrive _num_ minutes early .
0	i told him that i would rather donate the items to a theater .
1	again , i called their office multiple times before someone answered the phone .
