0	a little pricey but whatever .
1	provolone sticks arrived undercooked , cheese was fully solid , they tasted okay .
0	bland and soggy as we 've ever tasted .
1	okay , this is a hard one .
0	that he had been there _num_ months and never had a complaint ?
1	okay , yes ... the place is loud .
0	are employees required to be grumpy here ?
1	it was n't terrible , it was just okay .
0	i 'll go back for the scallops , but would n't recommend anything else .
1	okay !
0	again this is pittsburgh not philly , dc , or ny .
1	okay so then she sent me over to the bar to the hot coffee .
0	the service was terrible , took _num_ min to get a water .
1	okay , but should n't your confirmation email state that ?
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	service is poor and food quality is just okay .
0	the oysters were absolutely disgusting .
1	my reuben sandwich was just okay .
0	i chose the fiesta chicken chopped salad and new chicken tortilla soup .
1	the burgers were just okay .
0	this is the worst .
1	the salad dressing was tasteless and the osso bucco was just okay .
0	she never even looked at me .
1	okay , then let me do it now : the food was cold !
0	my eyebrow still has n't grown back to its normal shape .
1	hey , if you do n't like wine , it 's all okay !
0	the room are _num_ stars .
1	so ... okay no problem at that point .
0	not going back again .
1	okay , i was n't too crazy about this place .
0	and , all were nothing to write home about .
1	bar menu was good , appetizers we only okay .
0	the skins were a bit thick and doughy .
1	okay so then back to the guac ... .
0	one person working and could n't look at my car .
1	okay , the negatives : the negatives all center around price .
0	not even one piece .
1	my gyro platter was just okay .
0	i 'm not a coffee snob i can do with it or without it .
1	okay , it 's not bad really .
0	_num_ minutes later the delivery guy calls and says he 's on his way .
1	okay , now the bad .
0	the only good thing is that the drinks are cheap .
1	the food is a tad better than okay .
0	food was overpriced and less than average .
1	i said okay , i need it by that day .
0	zero flavor and dry as hell .
1	the mac 'n ' cheese was good , and the sandwich was just okay .
0	we had to flag down our waitress just to get refills .
1	could n't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve .
0	so , i will never be back .
1	me : okay , i guess i 'll stay away from those then .
0	)
1	the ribs were okay ... tasted like they were boiled .
0	it 's lettuce , cheese , and pine nuts !
1	okay no big deal .
0	its not like she got nothing out of it !
1	it was just okay as a whole .
0	what the hell is going on people ?
1	okay , then he takes a _num_ minute break at 5pm !
0	so that was weird .
1	the pizza was okay at best , just not worth a _num_ hour wait .
0	i purchase those passing pittsburgh , not really possible asking for refund .
1	okay so the app was meh , main entrees yay !
0	did not want to buy another mattress online .
1	it tasted okay , nothing special though .
0	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
1	okay , did i say bad ?
0	gag !
1	okay that was little rude !
0	the total was $ _num_ and change .
1	okay on to service ... everyone seemed like they hated their job .
0	at this point i really had to use the restroom .
1	third room okay i guess .
0	the fries were cold , and the sandwich and fries were very greasy .
1	okay , not really .
0	do n't believe the hype .
1	okay , kinda expensive , but i get it .
0	too big , almost .
1	okay , gel polish .
0	the food is bland , bland bland .
1	okay i 'm kinda late on my review but who cares it still matters .
0	a simple addition of caramelized onions would have solved this problem .
1	i 've tried this restaurant twice , and it has n't been okay .
0	try house of lee instead .
1	okay , not really , but the rooms are really worn down .
0	this is a gathering place for human garbage anymore .
1	my wild mushroom and chicken was not warm but tasted okay .
0	this place is popular , but it is just is not for me !
1	okay , i get it , they work on commission , but seriously .
0	i start work at _num_ am .
1	the food was okay , however the service was very poor .
0	they did not offer me a chance to pay for it .
1	not good , not bad , just okay .
0	needless to say , will be my last time going there .
1	the macaroni was good , they used cream cheese or something that tasted okay .
0	the wait staff was not that great either !
1	you get a little cucumber salad to start , which was okay .
0	( all same kind of cookie ) .
1	the blt - only okay at best .
0	worst part ?
1	okay , no problem .
0	cheap but your getting what you pay for in quality .
1	pizza was just okay .
0	i will not be going back .
1	you are a brewery , & this is not okay in my book .
0	waited _num_ minutes for drinks , _num_ minutes for good .
1	i also understand there is absolutely no excuse that makes this situation okay .
0	delivery came somewhat cold , extremely bland .
1	the chips and salsa were just okay .
0	but bags were covered in grease .
1	okay thai food , nothing special , and overpriced .
0	went here a night during final four ( basket ball ) .
1	this place was just okay for me .
0	ca n't comment on any other time but this really hectic one .
1	i had a turkey cheese burger which was okay .
0	they do not stand by their mistakes .
1	okay , at first , they were going to get a great review .
0	this seemed quite bizarre .
1	while the food itself seems to taste okay .
0	unfortunately , that did n't happen .
1	it was mediocre to okay .
0	we called to make appointments together and the receptionist was rude !
1	the chips were stale and the quesadilla was just okay .
0	they do n't respect your privacy at all .
1	can not believe a company would be okay with such horrible ratings and reviews .
0	let 's add up those dollars , shall we , time warner ?
1	this place is okay to try if youre bored with everywhere else .
0	just awful .
1	as for the food , everything was just okay .
0	i was presented with ... an empty plate .
1	okay , i 'm not from pittsburgh .
0	do n't get me wrong , i wanted to like this place .
1	pesto gnocchi okay , tiramisu okay ( except for the canned whipped cream ) .
0	horrible food , horrible service .
1	at one point , the bartender went from merely okay to completely unprofessional .
0	unfortunately , the food was sub-par .
1	okay , that 's the end of my rant .
0	once seated , i practically had to beg for a wine list .
1	katie then told me okay , without apologizing for the experience i just encountered .
0	the decor is very plain .
1	come on , people , fix up the place - okay ?
0	i could not even eat one !
1	the corn bread was just okay .
0	his broccoli was rock hard - like wood !
1	the service was less than okay and food was mediocre , nothing really memorable .
0	evening started pretty badly and did not get much better .
1	the salad and soup were just okay .
0	the potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall .
1	okay , no ice cream for me , thanks .
0	i 'm not from here , so maybe i do n't share the love .
1	however the food was just okay .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	my friend had the stuffed french toast which was okay .
0	this place is dirty and the coffee is horrible .
1	okay ... so i have to write an update because this is just strange .
0	i also did n't love the service we received .
1	okay , i 'm from san diego .
0	no one has gotten back to me yet .
1	okay every cashier gets my order wrong .
0	was the worst i have ever had .
1	my pedicure , however , turned out okay with minimal polish on the skin .
0	food was awful .
1	garlic knots were okay but could be better .
0	a shame .
1	they had salt and pepper squid , which again was okay .
0	ie skinny burgers with simple ingredients ( ie american cheese and ketchup ) .
1	my wife tried the huevos rancheros , which were okay , not terrific .
0	the service was horrible .
1	okay this place was said to be good .
0	they do n't know how to do business .
1	the rice and beans were just okay .
0	stopped by sunday morning .
1	forgetting a condiment or a special request , okay , but the patty ?
0	i did n't appreciate it , understand it , or like it at all .
1	i said okay , i 'll leave it .
0	the service was pretty bad .
1	breakfast was just okay .
0	this place was horrible !
1	it was n't terrible , just okay .
0	are you kidding me time warner ?
1	okay this pissed me off !
0	how can a restaurant not have proper seating for its paying customers ?
1	anyhow the eggs and bacon came with that , they were cooked okay .
0	i do n't like this place at all .
1	okay _num_ minutes passes ... .
0	but do n't expect that feeling here .
1	okay , so maybe that night we just had bad luck ?
0	when make turns , there is noise from front wheel .
1	okay i then ask politely `` _num_ please '' .
0	poor service from the door .
1	the hotel 's okay but the customer service is awful .
0	i should have known then that it would be a bad experience .
1	went here with my people and it was just okay .
0	$ _num_ for gnocchi ?
1	the food was ... okay ... but not worth the money .
0	the preparation instructions seem questionable ( microwave in a plastic bag ?
1	it was okay last year - nothing great but nothing bad .
0	did they use the tea pot as an ash tray ?
1	things went from okay to a little worse to absolutely horrible .
0	i 'm not really a messy eater , but come on !
1	nice atmosphere outside , inside is just okay .
0	she took me into the room of dresses and said to look around .
1	okay i was n't sure what it was called .
0	the fish itself was bland .
1	okay this is beyond disappointing .
0	_num_ up ?
1	my wife had the wedge salad and boneless wings which were both okay .
0	terrible service .
1	okay , it 's cheap .
0	i stood there for approx 5-7 mins before i was even acknowledged .
1	i 've had great chinese food but this was just okay .
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	i went for lunch , the specials were just okay .
0	the food is pretty bad for an italian restaurant .
1	we got thai beef salad which was okay .
0	the music was too loud for conversation .
1	price okay , service was cool , food was not good .
0	i was extremely disappointed by the lack of presentation .
1	i guess this place would be okay if they know you .
0	so the max you could eat is _num_ wings .
1	all were okay but nothing really stood out .
0	how about horrible customer service ?
1	no one bothered to see if i was okay or get my husband .
0	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
1	okay , that 's not a big deal .
0	this place is the worst motel i have ever stayed .
1	i 'm like okay this is taking a long time .
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	okay , not everyone likes sports .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	she said , okay i have that you are having _num_ kids .
0	the women at the front of the line had been waiting ten minutes .
1	um , okay , then why offer us the table ?
0	how disgusting .
1	okay i just need to say that this truly is the best place ever .
0	looks better than it tastes .
1	as for the food , it was just okay .
0	the food was terrible .
1	okay , so that 's a forty cent machine .
0	i 've got to ask myself why do i keep doing this .
1	okay , but wo n't be going back soon .
0	and pittsburgh has some pretty bad chinese places .
1	we also tried some lasagna which tasted okay but was mushy .
0	it was a small side salad of iceberg lettuce and croutons with italian dressing .
1	okay .
0	if it would have been me alone , i would have walked out .
1	okay , so i literally lost _num_ minutes waiting for things to get fixed .
0	in short , our experience here was awful .
1	food was just okay , server was just okay .
0	this is a pretty big hotel , so that is ridiculous .
1	our appetizers came out and were okay ( sampler ) .
0	third terrible .
1	all in all , lulu 's is just okay .
0	he barely spoke and did n't put on any kind of show at all !
1	okay , funny answer but does n't give any other options .
0	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
1	she completely ignored it and said okay this is your order .
0	all the sales associates are extremely useful and educated .
1	it does n't taste right , let alone taste okay .
0	this was the most absurd display at a restaurant i have ever seen .
1	i 'm okay with a leisurely dining pace , but this was ridiculous .
0	i quickly devoured the tiny appetizer in _num_ bites .
1	okay i could just take them off ; that 's not the point .
0	i sat in the waiting room until _num_ am .
1	the only thing i found okay was the garlic naan .
0	i probably wo n't be back .
1	the cashiers customer service is usually only okay .
0	the building is old and dirty .
1	the service was okay , they were really nice and never rude .
0	i 've already admitted it 's nothing special .
1	okay , everything went well and i went back into my house .
0	this continued for the total of _num_ hours .
1	it was just not a good experience and the food was just okay .
0	she was having a hard time finding my order .
1	i do n't do karaoke so that side of the establishment might be okay .
0	should i really tell him how much he deserved ?
1	okay , here 's the bad part .
0	it was karaoke tonight , not my fav but whatever .
1	i guess the whole bowl was just okay .
0	terribly overrated .
1	is okay for what it is .
0	but why support a business that really does n't care about you .
1	they gave him back to me and all seemed okay .
0	otherwise , you are better off skipping it .
1	took my car down to the dealership and it checked out okay .
0	the last _num_ hoagies i 've gotten here is again only mediocre .
1	came here for happy hour bar bites , which was okay .
0	they get _num_ star because less was not an option .
1	the waiter did n't give us napkins but was overall okay .
0	juice is cheap .
1	okay , the burger was n't that good , very dry and really flavorless .
0	the lobster bisque was bland and cold .
1	all he said was oh okay and walked away .
0	he pushed me and took all the chairs .
1	okay , so as a company , i have never really minded gucci .
0	disappointed .
1	okay , so i went back to give this place a second chance .
0	i 'm sure they do but i had to spit mine out .
1	okay , _num_ more minutes and still no food .
0	there are other italian grocery stores close by .
1	we did n't even finish the burgers cause they were just okay .
0	my god the sun will be coming up soon !
1	the turkey sub was just okay .
0	i will not return to new china .
1	they tasted okay but cold .
0	she failed to follow-up when she promised .
1	okay , i need to get this off of my chest .
0	it 's all cheap but that 's not reason to be terrible .
1	the accompanying mashed potatoes were just okay .
0	it was around 11:30 and the restaurant was mostly empty .
1	not that great of service , food okay .
0	this food is just crap .
1	even the apple dumplings were just okay .
0	i have n't felt this ripped off in a very long time .
1	the visits before the one with the doctor were just okay .
0	we did n't care for the atmosphere and did n't actually eat anything .
1	she did , then she handed me my glasses and said , `` okay !
0	so disappointed .
1	just plain rolls that were just okay .
0	too bad .
1	my teriyaki chicken on toasted flat bread was okay , but only just okay .
0	in addition , the knowledge of the associate was lackluster .
1	the wait staff was just okay .
0	i ordered the chicken marsala ( waitress 's favorite ) and it was disgusting .
1	okay , it is n't that bad , but close .
0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	the chips were amazing and i thought the salsa was just okay .
0	do n't get married here .
1	meh ... i thought it was just okay .
0	as it were , i was n't impressed .
1	okay , maybe not , but it should be there .
0	i do n't know how this keeps happening .
1	just okay for me and nothing to write home about either .
0	ordered a grilled chicken salad , take out .
1	okay , let 's first set expectations .
0	this is probably the worst business in carnegie .
1	okay , i know what you 're thinking why not just leave ?
0	sorry , i guess it 's just not my thing .
1	as someone who is a customer service manager , this is never okay .
0	i do n't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff .
1	okay , shame on us for not asking .
0	all the techs are nice except the man ( andy ) he is horrible !
1	okay , that was probably worked into the lower price .
0	can you give a company zero stars ?
1	everything else ranges from okay to awful .
0	the pizza at this place is o.k .
1	okay , so lets talk about what matters , service , atmosphere and food .
0	i was really annoyed .
1	okay store , they do n't offer double coupons , only at face value .
0	went on a wednesday night , not crowded at all .
1	okay , i 'm going to a negative place right now ... .
0	but good lord , they 're just so loud !
1	this restaurant was just okay to me .
0	if i could give negative stars i certainly would for this place .
1	okay i contacted james at this ups store .
0	guess that cracking was n't so bad after all .
1	if you 're super hungry , the ribs are okay .
0	i 've worked at steak n shake before .
1	okay so ulta salon is equivalent to a super cuts .
0	fries are nothing special .
1	- again , this was just okay as well .
0	the karaoke had a very limited selection .
1	service is almost always slow and food is just okay .
0	no apologies when we were finally taken care of .
1	incredibly slow wait staff and the food is just okay .
0	this place sucks big time as far as cleanliness and order .
1	okay , let 's get one thing straight right off the bat .
0	the biggest problem i had though was the paper thin walls .
1	typical diner that serves bad food at okay prices .
0	i had spaghetti and meatballs and a caesar salad .
1	all in all , it was just okay .
0	unfortunately , mike & tony 's closes by 6pm .
1	if this was all that happened , i would be okay with it .
0	i decided to play it safe and ordered the broccoli in garlic sauce .
1	okay , i have never actually been here .
0	the service can be okay or awful .
1	i said `` oh ... okay '' then he walked away .
0	there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
1	okay buddy , relax , i just asked .
0	the restaurant was too busy .
1	okay , if you must , do n't do any of the tours .
0	so sad .
1	this place is just okay for me , would not go back .
0	then , they are n't even that nice !
1	my chocolate cake dessert was okay - but not $ _num_ worth of okay .
0	this is an older dick 's sporting goods location .
1	so me not knowing this industry said okay .
0	they already had my money , so why be courteous now ?
1	i mean , the food just tastes okay .
0	it 's not .
1	okay , the food is not the best mexican food in the world .
0	your brand is being damaged because your staff does n't seem to care .
1	it 's okay .
0	the second was passable , but nothing special .
1	salsa was just okay .
0	also , alcohol in the air here too .
1	okay , back to the review , is it hard to mark the offerings ?
0	this was the worst gel manicure experience i 've had .
1	so would _num_ mins in the _num_ be okay .
