0	total dive bar with awful food and service .
1	i love that you can order online !
0	something that was supposed to be a treat for me turned into a headache .
1	long story short , what was advertised online looked nothing like what we received .
0	it seems that this is a common experience at this restaurant .
1	we booked a covered parking spot online and printed our reservation .
0	i was presented with ... an empty plate .
1	i fully explained that i was going to purchase tickets online .
0	do not stay here .
1	this is a review of their business practices online .
0	the only thing that made it somewhat decent was sour cream and guacamole .
1	i went in and just as i was checking in someone checked in online .
0	the juice from the tacos also made the tater tots extremely soggy .
1	beware : the photos online are much better than reality .
0	omg , the cheese cake ( at $ _num_ ) was very dry .
1	i went from $ _num_ online to $ _num_ .
0	i expected at least decent and i was extremely disappointed .
1	i do not recommend purchasing these tickets online .
0	oh , but wait until i got my bill !
1	husband ordered online to go .
0	otherwise , it would have been a _num_ or _num_ .
1	to be honest , i wish i would have read the reviews online .
0	spaghetti -- huge amount , no taste ?
1	ordered online , waited a month for delivery date .
0	no flavor , soggy french fries , over sauces wings .
1	checked them out online and was excited to try .
0	and there are n't as many rest stops .
1	plus , their online booking system is straightforward and easy to use .
0	we had a big group but my bill did n't have the tip added .
1	it is sunday night and i put in my order online .
0	hmm a bit misleading .
1	i read online that it opened at 11am , wrong .
0	rude front desk staff .
1	i love that you can pay your rent online at any time !
0	food was fine , wo n't go back for fear of the server .
1	ordered online , came within _num_ minutes so that was nice .
0	even the day front desk person was short with us and rude .
1	made appointment online , no one responded .
0	_num_ . )
1	save yourself the money and the time and take drivers education online .
0	no thanks .
1	found a firestone online and headed there .
0	neither of us touched our food .
1	i decided to try this salon after reading the reviews online .
0	not like you starbucks !
1	i will also leave a negative review online .
0	going here is like being in a time machine though .
1	my brother found a car online that he really wanted to check out .
0	it seem to be over before it started .
1	i found it online for just over $ _num_ and i replaced it myself .
0	the food here is ok but not worth the price .
1	flamingo palace has a great online menu and ordering was very easy .
0	they were again completely flavorless , but warmer .
1	i said , why would n't i just order _num_ online at _num_ .
0	reason i book reservation is to have enough seats ahead of time .
1	online ordering is atrocious .
0	my stomach was in knots for hours .
1	yelp as well as the online website said they close at _num_ .
0	our vegetables were so soft , they all tasted the same , mushy .
1	i would not recommend purchasing extras online .
0	one year after they cut that route after being there over _num_ years .
1	online ordering is definitely a bonus !
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	online ordering is an absolute joke .
0	the dough was also fairly dense .
1	the price is reasonable , and i signed up for coupons online .
0	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
1	i ended up just leaving after _num_ minutes and ordered my stuff online .
0	really disappointed .
1	i always reserve online .
0	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
1	online system says check in to reserve your spot .
0	i ca n't believe all the high reviews .
1	i made a very simple order online -- very difficult to screw up .
0	ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
1	their site seems to want to send to only one address per order online .
0	i was unable to justify spending $ _num_ or $ _num_ for their membership .
1	do not even try to order from them online !
0	i had the pizza and it was mediocre at best .
1	i mentioned my appointment that i booked online when i walked in .
0	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
1	bought his ticket online and showed up at the phoenix terminal this morning .
0	so sad .
1	online pick up you better be ready for long delays .
0	it is absurd !
1	arrangement delivered looked very different from picture online .
0	birthday celebration & dessert is n't free ?
1	why was i forced to verify benefits if their policy online states otherwise ?
0	the ladies at the reception desk are horrible !
1	also , ordered online and had to wait well past expected pickup time .
0	so i did n't pay for the white .
1	then laptop to place an order online .
0	`` every christmas story ever told '' was slow and not that funny .
1	too pricey when you can find the same fabric online or elsewhere for less .
0	the beds were uncomfortable .
1	ordered online last night and was very disappointed .
0	no soup for me apparently .
1	if i want to buy , i go online .
0	and ... i was pretty underwhelmed .
1	looked online and saw it opens at _num_ am on weekdays .
0	it just was n't a great environment .
1	ordering online through yelp was fun and easy .
0	worst fast food i 've ever been to .
1	bought a suit online from one of my favorite vendors .
0	not going for it .
1	they lost _num_ stars for the sheer fact their online scheduling system sucks .
0	but the dipping sauce for the tots were on point .
1	so i tried to cancel online and that did n't work either !
0	worst customer service ever !
1	frustrated i left and ordered online .
0	the waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves .
1	looked online to find a place that was open on sunday .
0	he just said `` sorry man '' and did n't offer any solutions .
1	days in advance , i scheduled a pickup online .
0	this place is dead , but they just do n't know it yet .
1	i have also been very disappointed by their online banking .
0	_num_ .
1	it is easy to order and pay online .
0	they left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich !
1	they also have an online menu to order from , which is amazing !
0	worst experience with a hairdresser ever , at this location .
1	much better than a box store or going online .
0	i do n't normally feel compelled to complain but that is ridiculous .
1	do n't reserve your table online .
0	words could not describe my disappointment .
1	online ordering is great .
0	none at all .
1	my next phone , i will buy online .
0	just sad there customer service sucks .
1	do n't let online pictures fool you !
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	con : they ca n't get the online orders right .
0	just like the butter and jelly packets sitting in the booth at denny 's .
1	i sent in a photo order online ( same day prints ) .
0	i have had better seafood elsewhere .
1	she purchased all of this online and had it shipped to her house .
0	it was disgusting .
1	i submitted a request online , a week went by and i heard nothing .
0	not sure if i 'll try again .
1	i had requested a saturday morning delivery online .
0	a party of _num_ , we agreed to sit _num_ and _num_ .
1	i am now online ordering a sicilian from nypd .
0	they told me that they charge _num_ dollars a hour .
1	really love the ease of ordering online and signing up for rewards .
0	i do n't get it .
1	that day i researched my symptoms online .
0	they also tend to forget some essential ( i.e .
1	online is wrong , store is correct .
0	will not go back there , ever !
1	i try again to check in online for my morning flight and can not .
0	the story does n't end there .
1	recently , i tried booking online but also called to confirm the reservation .
0	each visit was more bizarre than the time before .
1	buying books online is not only cheaper , it 's also worth the wait .
0	things have really slipped since then though .
1	i 'm visiting pittsburgh and i found this place online with several good reviews .
0	i was just really turned off from that experience .
1	buying the rest of my furniture online now from a website instead .
0	shrimp on top was nice but no lobster filling .
1	i found this restaurant online and in my hotel room magazine .
0	but it was not happening at this place !
1	you ca n't cancel online and have to go to the gym .
0	bottom line , this place sucks .
1	so check out the menu online to make sure you find something you like .
0	simply a bad experience .
1	try the local arizona company online called gallery of guns .
0	the food sucked .
1	my wife went online and then called the booking number to make reservations .
0	the ac in the room also did not seem to operate properly .
1	my fianc and i ordered a product online .
0	now , their service : really lackluster .
1	she brought all the dresses i liked online and helped me with everything !
0	i 've been wanting to try this place for awhile .
1	and online for $ _num_ .
0	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
1	i booked everything online and called to confirm .
0	i am not a fan of this place .
1	you 're better off ordering online than having any interaction with this store .
0	my mom ordered the mushroom ravioli , which was completely bland .
1	i love the convenient online ordering system and their costs are totally reasonable .
0	steak was over cooked and the plate was hot but not `` sizzling '' .
1	you are better off ordering your supplies online .
0	bathrooms way too small i had to dry off outside the bathroom .
1	love the online ordering for take out and eating there us pleasant too .
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	i ordered online and realized i put pick up instead of delivery .
0	i do n't know if i can ever return to buca .
1	booked a moving truck rental online a week prior .
0	so not worth the walk that we took to get here .
1	i did my shopping online for christmas .
0	this place is terrible .
1	the room is outdated ( expected it from pictures online ) .
0	it was a horrible experience .
1	so tonight i called my order in ( i usually do it online ) .
0	ingredients were n't fresh and the gyro was heavy on the spices .
1	could n't pay my bill online ( ummm hello ?
0	ok , so they were n't bad , but the fish was dry .
1	they have great programs for kids both in the library and online as well .
0	the minus : the maintenance staff is always around .
1	never notified online that the driver was not allowed to enter the hotel .
0	money trouble ?
1	after looking online , i 'm fairly certain that was just plain wrong .
0	just know that they have horrible customer service and technicians .
1	went online , had packaged held for pickup at this location .
0	dead malls are sad , for some reason .
1	plus , i do n't like having my name online .
0	- lots of food choices ... burgers ... steak ... chicken ... salads .
1	i placed the order _num_ hours early online .
0	she could n't believe that i said that .
1	online ordering is apparently a gamble .
0	let me tell you about my bad experience first .
1	the prices are higher than online , however they will accept a reasonable offer .
0	to get a cab walk to the westin across the street .
1	ordered photos online and never received them ?
0	show off how much money you can waste in a night .
1	i signed online to schedule an appt .
0	i called aaa and the service and follow-up were both appalling !
1	slow service , bad online ordering site , greasy pizza .
0	the gelato counter was disappointing .
1	but i placed the order online , then i am on hold again .
0	not worth the trip .
1	two days later , i triple check online .
0	at this point , one star is being generous .
1	i found a property online that i fell in love with .
0	horrible service and horrible food !
1	used credit card online to pay for pizza .
0	excuse given was understaffed but when you are not busy it does n't fly .
1	the menu did n't look interesting online but the food was perfect once there .
0	not good .
1	to make matters worse , i always order and pay online through eat _num_ .
0	the omelet was uninspired .
1	when i get there , sometimes they ca n't find my order online .
0	it 's never open ... not even at 6:30 pm on a thursday .
1	i 'm just going to buy online in the future and avoid the hassle .
0	let 's start with having a _num_ sanitation rating .
1	the online ordering process super easy .
0	no desk , no real work surface but an oversized tv tray .
1	i built my pie online and set up a carryout option with cash payment .
0	so she asked for a little more from the server .
1	however , the online ordering system has not been working correctly .
0	the service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse .
1	i have been charged ( thank you online banking ) but no food .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	an extra $ _num_ was added to my purchase when i looked online .
0	two grape size tomatoes , and two thin slices of cucumber .
1	i also enjoy that i can schedule my lab appointments online .
0	2nd experience , today , equally as awful .
1	i scheduled my appointment online .
0	calamari was not fresh .
1	when i explained i already paid online , the guy insisted i had not .
0	she over charged us for her very badly made drinks .
1	the online ordering was very easy to use .
0	previous reviews have said it well : lackluster , tasteless food .
1	if it happens to you , check your statement online asap .
0	from start to finish , the entire evening was a terrible experience .
1	we rented a truck online and had our confirmation email and receipt with us .
0	same guy , same attitude .
1	moral of the day , when getting take out , order online !
0	in addition , the presentation was poor .
1	online ordering system sucks .
0	not worth your money !
1	the online menu in yelp is n't overly accurate , by the way .
0	good food , but poor service at this particular location .
1	i did give this chain another chance after looking at dresses online .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	i placed my order online ... and i had no problems picking it up .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	paid with card online and was told it would take _num_ minutes .
0	i made reservation and still the table was not ready .
1	it would probably be better to just shop online at this rate .
0	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
1	i also filled out the online appt request an no one called me back .
0	i 've eaten here several times and they are not very flexible .
1	last _num_ visits the order that was placed online has been incorrect .
0	in the end , that bridesmaid got a partial refund for the dress .
1	the box itself can be purchased for $ 2-3 online or local moving companies .
0	at eat n ' park , free cookies are a staple .
1	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
0	very strange place .
1	i made an appt online for 6pm the following day .
0	he did not understand and said , no coupon .
1	_num_ days ago schedule appointment online for 7:30 a.m. for oil change .
0	it 's a shame , what happened ?
1	i 'm ordering online from now on .
0	i asked for an estimated wait time , not how many appointments there are .
1	i placed an order online to have the flowers delivered at 3pm .
0	at that point our drinks were empty .
1	i ordered online and chose a future delivery time of _num_ pm .
0	for a vegetarian place , there was nothing green on our plates .
1	unfortunately we purchased online ( do n't recommend this ) .
0	i will not order anything from this place ever again .
1	it is not on their menu online .
0	too much trouble .
1	ordered one thing online and they shipped a completely different product .
0	if your not a chain smoker , opt for takeout .
1	every time i order online , it is completely wrong .
0	walked out without making purchase .
1	i go back online & my bill is at _num_ $ .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	i ordered online to have a mixed bouquet delivered on mother 's day .
0	this place is the worst motel i have ever stayed .
1	so when i got back to the office , i went online and checked .
0	no apologies , no offer to comp a side or a dessert .
1	for some odd reason , local aaa offices dont post their phone number online ?
0	vietnamese beef noodles were bland and flavorless .
1	buy online at a lower price .
0	the desk ) until i 've given the room the all clear .
1	i definitely loved the exhibit and would recommend checking online for other features .
0	alexander 's offers some of the worst italian food i 've ever had .
1	he said its online for $ _num_ so that 's a deal .
0	the rose sauce was n't as flavorful as i would expect .
1	they clearly are n't concerned with customer service whatsoever given their reviews everywhere online .
0	sticky floors , bad smell , just general lack of housekeeping .
1	info online says they close at _num_ .
0	for a store the size of giant eagle , i expect more .
1	their online banking is for the birds .
0	i only give it _num_ stars because of the wait staff !
1	super fast when you order online too !
0	giving _num_ stars instead of _num_ just cause i 've had worse .
1	new springs were $ _num_ online , but probably only needed adjustment .
0	the steak was so chopped that it kept falling out of the bun .
1	i got my glasses online from another place in september _num_ , _num_ .
0	i just had the worst meal ever here .
1	this morning i literally walked out when i was online .
0	lobby bar staff was unfriendly .
1	menu was n't available online only last year 's .
0	do not get your alterations done at this location !
1	i looked for something online , the site said it was in stock here .
0	soup has no flavour and it seems to have excessive msg .
1	so i ordered and it said online it would be ready in _num_ min .
0	i 'm still trying to figure out how one manages to burn noodles .
1	i suggest going to a competitor or buying online for your pet supplies .
0	my alfredo was tasteless .
1	i saw an online offer , which was $ _num_ for the _num_ days .
0	meh , i 've experienced better is an understatement .
1	few locations and limited online ability .
0	it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
1	please check online for the numerous complaints regarding this same issue .
0	it smelled badly like wet dog .
1	great service and convenient to order online .
0	so really it was n't a terribly difficult job to be done .
1	i already has quotes from another location , as well as online prices .
0	its just sooo unprofessional and annoying .
1	great pizza , price is good ( use the coupons online !
0	that aside , the crepes are okay , nothing special .
1	i looked online and the menu had ground beef .
0	the food was uninspired , tired , and ordinary .
1	besides , one can google any recipe online for free .
0	it was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots .
1	love their pies , you can order them online .
0	last week my husband and i visited pittsburgh for a rock concert .
1	i should have just stayed at home and ordered it online .
0	the dining room was about half full .
1	photos of their food online are nothing compared to the real thing .
0	just checked it out for the first time .
1	regardless of this , the selection of movies online was extremely lacking .
0	i 've had a lot of bad experiences at this store .
1	apparently , i did n't pay enough attention to the reviews online when booking .
0	in fact , the menu is , to me , kinda boring .
1	also they have some good online banking tools .
0	horrible brunch experience .
1	i found this place online and decided to take the risk .
0	you 're paying like $ _num_ a night for no soap .
1	my husband and i decided to stop in after looking at their menu online .
0	painfully mediocre : small rolls , $ _num_ miso soup , drinks were reasonable .
1	brought it to these guys based on reviews i read online .
0	no quick and easy app or beers on the house .
1	they deliver and you can even order via online .
0	also did n't seem very nice .
1	he simply said that they probably did n't have it and to look online .
0	a voice from downstairs says `` i 'm down here . ''
1	every time i order online , they never have it ready , never correct .
0	however , if you 're looking for something specific , good luck .
1	this was the first and last time i do a transaction online with sonic .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	i even complained online on their website but i did not get any response .
0	this place is beautiful but not worth the money , stress , or headache .
1	i paid $ _num_ dollars for the room online .
0	not crowded but service was quite slow so i took off a star .
1	they randomly will update their online banking without any notice .
0	the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay .
1	i use the online ordering system , and it is simple .
0	the towel the girl put out had large brown stains on it !
1	the online menu is not current and meat pie is nowhere to be seen .
0	we did n't eat anything so i ca n't comment on the food .
1	no , look for it online .
0	i stopped by here this past thursday night with three others for dinner .
1	i ordered one pizza online with extra sauce received a pizza with no sauce ?
0	all i have to say is no thanks .
1	i looked online at the supposed wait time that said _num_ minutes .
0	then , i went to go hang out with my best friend immediately after .
1	i ordered them online and then went to pick them up _num_ hours later .
0	did n't see too much in particular that i loved about this place .
1	the company never responded to my questions in the store or online .
0	i was disappointed with the seafood salad .
1	i went online to check the balance , then called the customer service # .
0	+ _num_ star because they are finally installing air conditioning .
1	on the selection of items , might be better off checking it out online .
0	the food is not that great .
1	placed an order for delivery online for the first time tonight .
