0	like i said , i wo n't be back .
1	the orange chicken was also lacking .
0	the place was pretty dead and we were seated right away .
1	maybe the worst thing i tried was the sweet orange cranberry muffin .
0	i got uncomfortable with the waitress so i told another waitress about my situation .
1	i think their orange chicken is the best and after that honey walnut shrimp .
0	both had no flavor and the crust was chewy and lousy .
1	orange beef is great .
0	one , quite literally , threw a guy off of the bus for me .
1	i recommend the orange chicken .
0	we ordered the `` pitt burger '' and boy was it disappointing .
1	it consisted of whole apples , grapes and oranges .
0	friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
1	they have an orange colored rice that i love .
0	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
1	be sure and order the orange chicken , it was great .
0	just do n't expect fantastic korean bbq .
1	yeah la grande orange is that good .
0	i was really excited to hear that they had smoked salmon .
1	the orange chicken , beef broccoli and triple delight a very good .
0	they will ruin your car .
1	there was very little amounts of chicken in the orange chicken .
0	i would caution against this rental company .
1	the lil orange hair lady was kind and my coffee was yum !
0	ugh .
1	the food is great especially the orange chicken .
0	mama ricotta will be a better option .
1	grilled fish taco was great as was the orange shrimp salad .
0	my salad was missing _num_ items that were supposed to be on the salad .
1	house fried rice and orange chicken always hit the spot .
0	the chicken sandwich was burnt and you cook smell the burn !
1	from the egg foo young , to the orange and sesame chicken .
0	this was flat , one note .
1	$ _num_ for a small orange juice ?
0	in a very rude voice .
1	i ordered the crispy orange beef and hubby ordered the twice cooked chicken .
0	you should skip this place for sure .
1	the best orange beef on the planet .
0	had a _num_ am appointment and was told it would be a hour wait .
1	the orange juice was in buckets ready to be refilled .
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	it was pretty looking , purple flowers with bright orange roses .
0	overpriced snacks , and the sound on the movie was awful .
1	nice presentation and the orange balsamic on the salad before it was yummy !
0	this alone i would have given _num_ stars .
1	i love the way they cook their orange chicken .
0	i wo n't be coming here again .
1	the orange chicken was just ok .
0	for everything else , try the cat clinic .
1	their orange chicken is the best !
0	the entire bag was a soggy mess .
1	orange chicken was bland too .
0	did not like it .
1	the orange chicken is my favorite , ca n't go wrong .
0	i was highly disappointed .
1	got ta say that la grande orange is extremely better !
0	then the other day , we went back and i tried pizza .
1	yay for orange tree !
0	confused ?
1	the orange beef alone is good enough to earn this place _num_ stars .
0	that was $ _num_ down the drain .
1	i have eaten here for years and i love their orange chicken !
0	however , they only have two waitresses outside for about _num_ tables .
1	and why was the fried rice orange , not brown ?
0	this place went from great to horrible .
1	the orange chicken is so good !
0	the barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push .
1	la grande orange grocery has a problem .
0	the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay .
1	excellent orange chicken , plus delicious meat dumplings , plus good service .
0	this hotel is really dated , and the rooms smell funny .
1	great food , i ordered the orange chicken and white rice .
0	i ordered my spicy tuna and salmon rolls , both came within _num_ minutes .
1	egg drop soup was pretty good but the orange chicken tasted kind of different .
0	also , the home fries were just mediocre .
1	the orange chicken was horrible too .
0	then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition .
1	but the orange chicken was n't amazing like panda .
0	they charge at least $ _num_ more for bridesmaids alteration of a short dress .
1	oranges , apples , bananas .
0	they do n't c are .
1	orange chicken is sweet and tangy .
0	i am definitely going elsewhere next time .
1	their orange chicken is seriously good .
0	do n't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies .
1	orange chicken is delicious .
0	most places allow return of items within _num_ days , even if a mattress .
1	the orange chicken literally had no chicken , just the breading .
0	the salads came out and the plates were a little sloppy in appearance .
1	i love la grande orange .
0	oh and the sushi was not fresh and tasted gross .
1	now we generally always get the orange chicken combos .
0	the wedding soup was the worst i have ever had .
1	great service , had the orange fish dish .
0	then all the food was cold and hard .
1	their orange chicken is amazing .
0	i wandered in here looking for a pedicure .
1	my daughter didnt ' find the orange chicken that great either .
0	it looked like one of those service elevators that the public never sees .
1	the orange juice was fresh .
0	the technique of the haircut is so poor .
1	i left with a shitty orange bob that cost me $ _num_ .
0	he ate it and did n't complain ... .
1	_num_ orange beef : the best i 've had !
0	the overall condition of the hotel was n't promising on first entrance .
1	the food was really good and the blood orange sangria is to die for .
0	she could n't tear herself away from the movie to address me .
1	then my beer came out ... with no orange .
0	the steak was tough and tasteless .
1	the orange duck was phenomenal .
0	that he had been there _num_ months and never had a complaint ?
1	the fresh squeezed orange juice was amazing !
0	$ _num_ pedicure should have been way better than it was .
1	definitely try their prickly pear iced tea with an orange !
0	took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done .
1	also , worst orange chicken i 've ever had .
0	we wo n't be stopping back to celebrate at this location again .
1	should my beans be orange ?
0	but do n't expect that feeling here .
1	orange chicken w/ fried rice was n't to my expectations .
0	yes this is also a con because i threw it away .
1	the orange blueberry pancake is a must .
0	i just paid the bill and we left and went to eat n park .
1	the orange chicken is one of my favorite meals !
0	probably the worst value around .
1	reasonably priced and freshly squeezed orange juice .
0	he said , `` no , absolutely not .
1	i was shocked the orange was bitter and rotten .
0	now i 'm sad , real sad .
1	we got the house special and orange chicken and seriously , it was good .
0	if you sign a lease now it 's $ _num_ .
1	no , this is n't the place to satisfy your craving for orange chicken .
0	)
1	i love their spicy orange chicken !
0	was going to try the buffalo pizza .
1	the orange chicken tasted like chicken nuggets .
0	the food was bad , yo .
1	the orange martini they have is just heaven .
0	it was very crowded due to little italy days in bloomfield .
1	enjoyed some excellent orange chicken .
0	i am not interested in ever going back !
1	they make amazing shrimp fried rice and orange chicken .
0	rude , unfriendly , just a miserable male server .
1	i had my wedding at the orange tree and it was really pretty .
0	never again will i go there .
1	same with the broccoli beef and orange and sesame chicken .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	we ordered peking pork chops and it tasted like orange chicken , try figure .
0	nor has the manager ever returned my message .
1	it has such a thin coating and i love the orange sauce on it .
0	the sandwiches , although unique , were not that good .
1	my wife said the orange chicken was below average .
0	unfortunately we did not .
1	you 're paying for the modern orange walls and acrylic chairs .
0	she did n't offer any ideas for help and was quite frankly , rude .
1	um , orange chicken is not suppose to be soupy .
0	but last night it took _num_ hrs to get a burger .
1	i ordered the orange chicken and it was the best i 've ever had !
0	i do n't get this place .
1	* orange chicken - came with fried rice and an egg roll .
0	there are better places to eat for the same money .
1	the coffee tasted like instant and orange juice seemed a little sour .
0	cheese fries , burgers , some salads , mediocre pasta , etc .
1	if you order orange chicken & egg roll and complain , well fuck you .
0	he just put it on the bill .
1	only white rice was offered with the orange chicken .
0	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
1	the vegetable lo mein was delicious and the orange chicken tasted extremely fresh .
0	does n't even taste good as american style chinese food .
1	the orange chicken is the best !
0	our waitress carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude .
1	the orange chicken is pure awesomeness !
0	the spicy sausage soup she first ordered was mostly broth .
1	their orange juice is never too tart , never too sweet .
0	we will not be back .
1	the orange beef and chili chicken are both excellent dishes .
0	my companion had the salmon and said it was unremarkable .
1	i highly recommend the orange beef .
0	i looked down and saw dirty toe nails and finger nails on the floor .
1	and they have the best orange chicken .
0	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
1	the orange chicken was also prepared well .
0	i normally do n't do this but i 'm so disappointed .
1	the frozen oranges were the perfect after dinner treat !
0	_num_ strikes .
1	i keep it simple with orange chicken .
0	worst chinese food ever .
1	we love our new orange tree !
0	this is something that tram 's has gotten badly wrong every time i visited .
1	however , the orange tofu was terrible .
0	it 's bizarre .
1	best orange chicken !
0	took my friends from out of town to lidia last night , very disappointed .
1	besides , i sometimes do eat orange chicken , so i let it pass .
0	described as having crab , lobster and shrimp .
1	the chinese orange happy chicken salad had no chicken and i was not happy !
0	in addition to being condescending , they hung up on me .
1	i had fresh squeezed orange juice and pancakes the size of my face .
0	it was ok ... very mediocre .
1	my wife loves the orange beef .
0	so bad service .
1	great bagels and cream cheese and especially great fresh squeezed orange juice .
0	when i walked in the place was empty .
1	extremely low quality chicken on the orange chicken .
0	no apologies .
1	it has no flavor and the orange chicken was soggy .
0	but my recent experience there has changed my mind a bit .
1	the orange chicken was mediocre everything else was pretty bad .
0	two of my colleagues also have lost stuff in this hotel .
1	the orange chicken and honey chicken are the same thing and very very bland .
0	so i know it 's an off the shelf thing .
1	the orange chicken and house special is the best !
0	it was $ _num_ a piece for my wife and i to get in .
1	incredible orange beef .
0	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
1	the beer was papago orange blossom ( which is glorious ! )
0	worst service i 've had in a long time .
1	my crispy orange beef was not crispy but plain chewy .
0	nothing special here .
1	i got the orange chicken lunch special with a side of stuffed jalapeos .
0	down the street is a better option - wish they were open for lunch .
1	ordered orange chicken with fried rice and could hardly stomach it .
0	the bar was not to noisy and the server was very attentive .
1	waitress returned with two orange slices face down on a napkin !
0	store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair .
1	the best orange chicken for an amazing price !
0	dont get me wrong , i kinda like applebees .
1	the orange chicken is great .
0	i have been a customer of sesame inn for many , many years .
1	love the little orange boats at the end of the meal .
0	very disappointed that i can not be seen sooner .
1	i started with the fresh squeezed orange juice .
0	i 'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over _num_ years .
1	orange chicken is usually above average , all other deep fried entrees are okay .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	even the orange juice was bad .
0	horrible experience .
1	their orange chicken and egg fu young are top notch !
0	possibly the worst overpriced pizza there is .
1	i also highly recommend the mimosa with the fresh squeezed orange juice !
0	the visit i am reviewing was for take-out .
1	my wife had the duck , with orange sauce , which she totally enjoyed .
0	just clear me out and get on with the next one .
1	not sure i will be back , possibly for lunch for the orange chicken .
0	but then two waitresses kept coming and going without even looking at me .
1	the lemon and the orange are exceptional .
0	the phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me .
1	diner with overly hovering waitresses and bad orange juice .
0	the fries were ways very soggy and cold .
1	the orange chicken was bland .
0	these guys are definitely lazy !
1	and their fresh squeezed orange juice is the best .
0	i feel like i 'm in line for a bad carnival ride !
1	i love the la grand orange concept and the customer service .
0	_num_ weeks and so far no refund has hit my account .
1	i never tasted such an overwhelming orange dish in my life .
0	it is unfortunate because that blanket has been in the family for _num_ years .
1	i love their orange chicken .
0	crab cakes were awful .
1	i told her i thought it looked orange .
0	i have eaten here several times & always find it disappointing .
1	the orange chicken tasted watered down or i should say no taste to it .
0	, i would have never known .
1	la grande orange grocery is always good to me .
0	( did i mention they tasted like old fryer grease ? )
1	the only item that was passable was the orange chicken .
0	for a store the size of giant eagle , i expect more .
1	it 's breakfast time and you have no orange juice seriously !
0	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
1	i enjoyed orange slice martinis and shared several appetizers with friends .
0	however , my father and i shared the porterhouse for two .
1	i 've had orange chicken , a salad , and chicken enchiladas .
0	rude cashiers .
1	but my orange chicken was not all that great .
0	when we eventually got the appetizer the bread , there were no plates around .
1	orange sauce spilled all over the containers .
0	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
1	i eat my half sandwich , two grapes and two slices of oranges .
0	the crab cakes were also bad .
1	their orange sunshine shots are my favorite !
0	food is ok but horrible delivery service .
1	i got the orange chicken extra spicy and it was so bland .
0	there 're not much options on the menu .
1	went and got the orange chicken and chicken and broccoli .
0	send it my way , i 'll get you payment .
1	they have the best orange chicken in the area !
0	i will never go back though .
1	their orange chicken was a _num_ out of ten my sister says .
0	a number of the reviews here giving off the `` eh '' vibe ?
1	my boyfriend ordered the orange chicken and i got the sweet and sour chicken .
0	i 've given it _num_ chances , and they all sucked .
1	the orange chicken has the perfect crisp , and tasty sauce .
0	ridiculous .
1	the orange chicken was not good .
0	if it were up to me i would have never returned .
1	literally , i went orange eating it .
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	my husband and i just moved to scottsdale from orange county ca .
0	absolutely horrible service .
1	orange beef : not use to having orange beef that is breaded battered fried .
0	this stuff tasted like really cheap , bad , ranch dressing .
1	pot stickers were amazing and my orange chicken was great !
0	it 's a little annoying .
1	my first time at la grande orange and i really enjoyed it !
0	i also came in many times before and the employees never helped me .
1	i never had orange chicken and mongolian beef that tasted quite like this .
0	its easy to be dissatisfied and rant about a customer services organization .
1	the orange chicken is great !
0	i wo n't be going back to see him again .
1	it remained me of orange chicken from panda express with some spice .
0	very disappointed .
1	our family used to go there to a chinese restaurant for the orange chicken .
0	the main courses are extremely overpriced ( not unusual for walnut st. ) .
1	i settled for their ( i believe ) orange popcorn shrimp as an app .
0	that 's why i gave it two stars instead of one .
1	the orange chicken is amazing .
0	we tried to nap but simply could n't .
1	got lettuce wraps , orange chicken , and soba noodles .
0	my steak hoagie was actually two mini sandwiches .
1	i said the house special chicken meal and she ordered the orange chicken meal .
0	but they are n't reliable .
1	my kids loved the orange chicken !
0	the drive-thru is only slightly faster at 10-15 mins .
1	the orange carrot juice is my favorite .
0	at this point , one star is being generous .
1	pleasantly surprised to have actual orange bits in the orange chicken .
0	the corned beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special .
1	my margarita tasted like orange juice ... no hint of a margarita : ( .
0	take a hard right down aisle _num_ and then you hit the bakery .
1	my family took me to the la grand orange for lunch today .
0	$ _num_ a glass of garbage wine ?
1	the orange chicken my friend ordered was fine .
0	very disappointed in our delivery order this evening .
1	for a sweet treat , we ordered the orange creme french toast .
0	why did n't i go with them first ?
1	the dressing one yelper called `` amazing '' -- was a creamy orange nothing .
0	unfortunately , pamela 's is neither of these things .
1	ordered egg rolls , steamed dumplings , garlic beef and orange chicken .
0	the beer is cheap .
1	it was the best orange chicken i have ever had .
0	avoid this tourist trap !
1	the sesame chicken was just okay , as was the general and orange chicken .
0	this place was not packed .
1	the orange chicken is delicious .
0	it seems ridiculous , actually .
1	this place has amazing breakfast , good coffee , and delicous orange juice !
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	so he brought me orange juice which he chose for me .
0	we will not be coming back again .
1	love the orange chicken .
0	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
1	the orange juice is fresh squeezed and awesome .
0	zero flavor , zero filling , frozen wan tons ?
1	i ordered the orange chicken , fried rice , soup , and crab puffs .
0	i am sorry to say i did not get it .
1	the orange chicken was good .
0	and the service just was disappointing , all for take out .
1	the cilantro aioli was orange and i could n't find any cilantro .
0	i wo n't be ordering from ron 's again , despite the inexpensive menu .
1	orange chicken was bland at best .
0	we are not going back .
1	the orange beef is great and the kids love the orange chicken .
0	this is probably the worst review of a restaurant i 've ever written .
1	by the way - the orange chicken made me feel lousy .
0	great location but low on amenities .
1	the orange juice did n't taste like real juice .
0	it is cheap food , and you get what you pay for .
1	my most favorite is their orange flavored chicken .
0	there are plenty of other bridal salons that would be much nicer and accommodating .
1	today was my first visit to la grande orange , and it was wonderful .
0	not handicapped accessible .
1	go for the fresh squeezed orange juice .
0	where i am at , really there is no delivery but these guys did .
1	my son enjoyed the orange chicken .
0	the fish sandwich is bland on a generic bun .
1	the orange chicken was fresh and tender with excellent flavor .
0	nothing special on this menu ... .
1	i did not get anything like i would consider orange chicken .
0	i will never step foot in this place again .
1	not only do i have spots everywhere , i have an orange tint .
0	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
1	the orange chicken was barely warm .
0	they charge like $ _num_ for this , which is a complete ripoff .
1	i always get the orange ( sunrise i think ) and it is wonderful .
0	i do n't care how many awards they have hanging on they wall .
1	they have great freshly squeezed orange juice .
0	my hairstylist was friendly but gave me a really bad haircut .
1	the orange chicken or orange beef are the best i 've had anywhere .
0	she did n't say a word to us .
1	the orange chicken is my favorite !
0	the range itself had terrible ventilation .
1	best orange chicken i 've ever had .
0	the place was empty .
1	we ordered meat dumplings , orange chicken and garlic chicken .
0	the quality was horrible .
1	my orange chicken , however , was tough and rubbery .
0	by far the worst service we 've had in a while .
1	the orange chicken was n't the greatest i 've ever had .
0	maybe i chose poorly but i was n't impressed at all .
1	everything from the stones to the lemon , orange and palm trees look fantastic .
