0	why not ? ''
1	the fajita meat had a good grilled flavor , but dry and overcooked .
0	not good .
1	overcooked pasta , check .
0	it lacks the true flavor that pho broth should have .
1	why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked ?
0	so they lost another star for over priced for the value i received .
1	ask for crispy and get it so overcooked that it is chicken jerky .
0	we finally just walked out to go elsewhere .
1	it was overcooked , and too salty .
0	i would n't mind coming back for brunch .
1	very bland and overcooked .
0	do n't waste your time staying here if you are a business traveler .
1	the pork though , was just really bad - stringy and overcooked .
0	price does n't matter to me at all , though .
1	the outer parts were overcooked and the inside was raw !
0	Neutral
1	tough little bits of meat in the way overcooked eggs .
0	not worth the $ _num_ .
1	it was very dry and overcooked .
0	but when the bill came there was none of that .
1	sweet and sour chicken was overcooked and crunchy ... yuck .
0	they made it anyway and gave it to me .
1	the food was microwaved , and overcooked .
0	the two jumbo fried shrimp were ok.
1	the shrimp were dry and overcooked .
0	this place is empty ... .
1	they pound out the chicken so when they cook it , it becomes overcooked .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our drink order .
1	i 've had better halibut ; dry and overcooked .
0	gross .
1	the spaghetti was beyond overcooked .
0	if you have an emergency do not come here .
1	the bread was a bit stale and the fish very dry and overcooked .
0	not my cut of tea .
1	shrimp tacos : way too salty and overcooked .
0	the chicken wings tasted like fake butter and rubber .
1	the meatballs in the spaghetti were bland and overcooked .
0	we also ordered max 's famous reuben , nothing famous about it .
1	the server returned again with my same plate so hot and food all overcooked .
0	guests always mention they ca n't wait to try go here .
1	the eggplant ( one slice ) was overcooked .
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	the baked potatoes were overcooked and dry .
0	no no .
1	the rice was bland and slightly overcooked .
0	it was fixed promptly , but made a bad first impression .
1	items seem overcooked or undercooked .
0	the ricotta was dumped on top and added nothing to the dish .
1	steak overcooked .
0	very disappointed with this place .
1	the wings are tiny and completely overcooked .
0	but i 'm sure the mall 's rent killed them .
1	the fish was very dry and overcooked .
0	there was no noise control so sleep was impossible .
1	and the steaks were overcooked as well !
0	so sad .
1	had their pork fried rice but the rice was overcooked .
0	the staff completely ignored it .
1	my wife 's wings were overcooked and poor tasting .
0	they said that each vegetable would be $ _num_ each .
1	my husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked .
0	everyone else in my group was disappointed in some way with our visit .
1	the katsu was overcooked and dried out .
0	the auto show was a disappointment .
1	overcooked ?
0	down the street is a better option - wish they were open for lunch .
1	the vegetables were cut too thin and ended up overcooked .
0	i 'm always always always made to feel like i 'm stupid ( seriously ?
1	this was terribly overcooked .
0	the food was terrible & the cooks need to get it together .
1	they hardly put any fresh vegetables in it , and the vermicelli is overcooked .
0	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
1	i also ordered the chicken katsu and the chicken was dry and overcooked .
0	- none of the food was super awesome .
1	our food tasted frozen and overcooked .
0	bad service all around !
1	the carrots are overcooked .
0	there is also a _num_ inch ?
1	the interior of my salmon was undercooked while the exterior was overcooked .
0	there were _num_ of us on a beautiful sunday afternoon .
1	the shrimp skewer was overcooked .
0	yeah , do n't order from here , unless it 's for dumplings .
1	however , the food was flavorless , overcooked , and the atmosphere no better .
0	went to easter brunch , was served some coffee from a can .
1	dry , overcooked , and extremely chewy .
0	`` no i am sorry nothing we can do . ''
1	they , again , were not cooked to medium ... overcooked to medium well .
0	they did n't even cover up all of my roots !
1	the beef was a tad overcooked and the broccoli was limp from being overcooked .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	bland and overcooked .
0	these people are totally incompetent .
1	the shrimp was so dry and overcooked .
0	not my scene whatsoever !
1	-- bland , gooey , overcooked , or undercooked .
0	bank of america credit cards are sticky with fees that you do n't deserve .
1	the chicken breast was overcooked and dry .
0	we also tried the hummus which was pretty good .
1	everything is overcooked , greasy and not fresh .
0	my wife ended up going to the bathroom for paper towels .
1	it was overcooked and turned gray .
0	i stood there for a second and realized she was blatantly blowing me off .
1	when i opened the bag the wings were all overcooked and dried out .
0	the burgers were just okay .
1	the pasta is consistently overcooked .
0	most likely will not return .
1	the crust was hard and overcooked .
0	it was just so-so .
1	the vegetables were overcooked and the dishes lacked flavor overall .
0	_num_ .
1	it was overcooked by almost double .
0	unfortunately , the worst part of my meal were the steaks .
1	way overcooked .
0	not going back again .
1	in total , three steaks at our table were seriously overcooked .
0	even homemade wine and honey soaked cake wo n't bring me back again .
1	the chicken was overcooked .
0	huge portion .
1	they could not have overcooked the vegetables , shrimp , and fish more .
0	they will ruin your car .
1	the lamb burger was also overcooked .
0	i would n't recommend it .
1	the food was cold , overcooked , tasteless and a little scary .
0	had a friend who went here .
1	the food is bland , overcooked and pretty americanized .
0	rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders .
1	the eggs were overcooked , hard inside .
0	only complaint was that the cheeses were served too cold to fully appreciate them .
1	also , the rice was overcooked and mushy .
0	the cheap part is always standard .
1	started with the wings , they were overcooked and too chewy .
0	again , very bland .
1	overcooked but cold .
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
1	all the pastas were overcooked and overpriced .
0	it was a very disappointing meal .
1	my steak was less than 1/3 inch thick and severely overcooked .
0	poor service from the door .
1	the pasta was mushy -- way overcooked .
0	it really is a pittsburgh staple but come on ... .
1	overcooked , tough and tasted like it had gone bad .
0	the burger just falls apart in your hands ( or onto your lap ) .
1	there were maybe _num_ pieces of small , very dry overcooked chicken .
0	my acrylic nails are crooked and shorter than i asked .
1	the steaks are ok , but thin for the price and always overcooked .
0	as for beverages , they really skimp .
1	overcooked .
0	it was generous for the `` _num_ scoop '' order .
1	the meat was overcooked and tasteless .
0	needless to say none of us wanted to order another round of drinks .
1	the vegetables are always overcooked , mushy and taste oily .
0	the veggies were overly salty table round .
1	the bbq pork was overcooked and tough .
0	i am paying almost _num_ bucks for this sub .
1	very lousy customer service and the cookies and donuts were overcooked .
0	poor customer service when trying to use reward from app .
1	my fianc 's potatoes were overcooked and really dry .
0	if i asked the price , she did n't know and did n't look .
1	from the attitude of the hostess to the overcooked cheese fries twice .
0	the only part of our day that really irritated me was our checkout .
1	nasty overcooked cardboard and the crazy bread was burned yet chewy .
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	seared ahi tuna salad overcooked with tons of onions .
0	service is incredibly slow .
1	the bread is cardboard , the chicken is overcooked and very dry .
0	meat was dry under seasoned and luke warm .
1	the prime rib was overcooked and dry .
0	had a _num_ am appointment and was told it would be a hour wait .
1	sit down and the sandwich is overcooked to the point of being rubber .
0	if i could give them zero stars , i would .
1	did they have only two burgers on the grill ( and overcooked ) ?
0	this store is terrible .
1	beans overcooked .
0	i am not impressed .
1	it was lobster fest so i ordered the seafood feast , everything was overcooked .
0	the worst bar and the worst service in the area .
1	the burger was not great -- reminded me of overcooked backyard bbq .
0	they should be serving free meals to anyone they stick at that table .
1	prime rib was bland and overcooked .
0	tried their philly cheese steak .
1	but , very disappointed in the quality of the steaks and they were overcooked .
0	it 's not like they were busy .
1	the meat was also dry overcooked .
0	we feel completely cheated .
1	the pasta was way overcooked although the sauce was good .
0	owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal .
1	burgers were dry , overcooked , and tasteless .
0	i should n't have to look for something , it should obviously be there .
1	i brought my order home , found three pieces of chicken , overcooked .
0	bland is the best description .
1	my fish was overcooked and no apology made when i had it sent back .
0	i would n't recommend this place .
1	companion ordered a burger and it was overcooked and lukewarm at best .
0	sorry buds !
1	the pasta was overcooked and the sauce was not enjoyable in the least .
0	it 's bizarre .
1	the pad that had no flavor and the meat was way overcooked .
0	another waste of time , wait until people my age get old .
1	this burger was overcooked and subpar .
0	i had the singapore rice noodles .
1	the omelet was not under or overcooked - but it was just bland .
0	she took me into the room of dresses and said to look around .
1	couple of years ago more orders were found to be overcooked and less meaty .
0	my boyfriend 's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back .
1	the pasta was also overcooked .
0	they are soggy and tasteless , maybe the worst i 've ever had .
1	carrots were overcooked ; mashed potatoes were ordinary .
0	i have been a customer of sesame inn for many , many years .
1	it was overcooked .
0	the bartender never came back to me to take my drink order .
1	they are overcooked .
0	so go there instead is the best advice i can give .
1	the veggies were a bit soggy like it was overcooked a bit .
0	but for a few seconds , water completely stops .
1	it was way overcooked , hard and tasted like tuna fish .
0	pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
1	the broccoli , although was not overcooked , was tasteless - tasted boiled .
0	the first visit took almost seven hours , not _num_ .
1	the chicken was cut into medallions , which were seriously overcooked .
0	worst customer service of any business i 've ever dealt with .
1	it was dry and overcooked ; only the sauce made it at all edible .
0	the place is crowded and cramped too , but not unpleasant .
1	overcooked and dry , dry , dry .
0	i 've been here twice and i 'm just not crazy about it .
1	the steaks came and were both overcooked .
0	the cheesy jalapeno dip it was served with was good .
1	went to mimi 's again steak and shrimp overcooked and bread was hard .
0	i had to walk inside to get my check and then pay it .
1	food came out , cold and or overcooked .
0	plus , the staff is rude .
1	the rice the was dry and the loco moco meat was overcooked .
0	then the bill came to over $ _num_ .
1	the broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked .
0	for the most part they were rude and inattentive .
1	the veggies were overcooked and the chicken was slimy .
0	clearly , i was never meant to know the price of this ring .
1	sized shrimp only slightly overcooked .
0	so gross .
1	the beef was overcooked and there was not enough sauce .
0	apparently with this kind of reception , no one wants to pay full price .
1	the lobster stuffed clams appetizer was pretty awful - firstly is was severely overcooked .
0	the food was terrible !
1	the egg rolls were overcooked and the filling was not tasty .
0	poor excuse for seafood !
1	the noodles were overcooked and stuck together in our pad thai .
0	normally , i have had the best experiences there .
1	the short rib is salty and overcooked .
0	then refused to call m & p to talk to the manager .
1	also , burgers came out overcooked .
0	if you really hate someone , you should take them to this restaurant .
1	the crab rangoon was overcooked and eggrolls were mushy inside also .
0	plus i think i found a fry or two with the vegetables .
1	the rice was overcooked .
0	the waitress the first time i went was a little short , not personable .
1	the egg rolls were overcooked and almost burnt .
0	not exciting .
1	overcooked and cold .
0	but the overall vibe is weird and the service sucks .
1	the seafood was overcooked and some tasted less than fresh but not spoiled yet .
0	otherwise , negative stars would be in effect .
1	they were overcooked and oddly spiced .
0	_num_ .
1	the chicken was overcooked , served with bland rice and potatoes .
0	it was just a bad scene .
1	like way overcooked .
0	i think i 'll find a place that 's a little more ... me .
1	both times , the meat was overcooked and dry .
0	i spent $ _num_ for only one edible thing worth $ _num_ .
1	poor service and overcooked bland food .
0	wake up or you are going to lose your business .
1	the rice can not be overcooked or undercooked .
0	pirates , steelers , penguins etc ?
1	companion 's chicken was overcooked and dry .
0	mediocre and poorly made !
1	crust tends to be overcooked so if like that , this is the place .
0	way too expensive if you ask me .
1	the vegetables that were served were overcooked and pretty tasteless .
0	this is the worst chinese food i 've had .
1	overcooked cold large prawns were so bad i had to return the item .
0	they are a hot mess .
1	the fried pork chops were way overcooked and dry .
0	they will not get another dime of mine .
1	way overcooked , rubbery nuggets of chewy dried out chicken .
0	it has gone downhill badly .
1	my burger was overcooked and the bun was hard .
0	you practically have to beg the waitresses to pay any attention to you .
1	my salmon was overcooked and very dry , with veggies cold .
0	did n't get all of the items i ordered and paid for !
1	half rack of ribs were old and dry , sirloin overcooked .
0	this is the worst .
1	the steaks had no flavor and the lobster was overcooked .
0	dirty and old looking bakery .
1	the salmon which we ordered medium rare was overcooked and not all that fresh .
0	disgusting & totally unsanitary imo .
1	noodles are overcooked , almost mushy .
0	they were overpriced , and not worth it .
1	the pot roast was chewy and the broccoli overcooked .
0	my food was terrible .
1	even the beef skewer was dry and overcooked .
0	not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff .
1	and my chicken was burnt and dry and overcooked .
0	linda b august _num_ will never stay again !
1	swordfish was overcooked , lamb was bland and the lemon cake was dry .
0	_num_ per person not worth it .
1	overcooked , like we got the bottom of the kettle !
0	he told me i had about _num_ minutes to get it .
1	waiter came to check and knew before i told him that steak was overcooked .
0	our server was attentive , almost to a fault .
1	blooming onion was overcooked to the point of tasting burnt .
0	apparently old cookies are standard here .
1	the fries themselves were overcooked and tasted like jack in the box fries .
0	my cat is not eating .
1	bland , overcooked food with food servers being totally ignorant of customer service .
0	i went here after a car accident that was not my fault .
1	the baked ziti was overcooked and lacked flavor .
0	she did n't listen at all .
1	wings were overcooked and dry .
0	as late as it was , there was no offer to comp the pizza .
1	a lot of the meat was brown from being overcooked .
0	first sign i chose to ignore .
1	the baked potato was overcooked and the beans super sweet with no smoke .
0	i expected bland sushi .
1	the re fried beans were overcooked and were simply bad .
0	baked ziti average .
1	it was extremely dry and overcooked !
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	food looked old , overcooked , dry , disgusting !
0	unfortunately , they were very disappointing .
1	the chicken was tasty , although slightly overcooked .
0	he put the tv in my truck turned around and walked away .
1	the steak was overcooked .
0	our chicken was flavorless and rubbery .
1	they were inedible - overcooked to death and hard as a rock .
0	she returned not long after and said she was alright .
1	the shrimp lo mein was ok but the shrimp was overcooked .
0	this location is terrible .
1	the bottom was completely black - way overcooked .
0	throughout the entire order , we got nothing but attitude .
1	my chicken was overcooked .
0	both salad looked like they been sitting out for awhile .
1	the pancakes were overcooked .
0	some of the staff has been friendly in providing things , including shuttle rides .
1	they were completely overcooked and tough .
0	got ta say , i 'm not a fan of this place .
1	food was overcooked .
0	rather , they were extremely rude and defensive .
1	sausage tasted very old and overcooked .
0	my biggest complaint , however , is what happened with our meals .
1	the fried duck was overcooked and dry .
0	the whole call took _num_ minutes most of it on hold .
1	it was way overcooked therefore chewy and tough .
0	very disappointed .
1	they overcooked my wife 's steak .
0	( i believe it was $ _num_ total . )
1	their meat was overcooked and flavorless .
0	i will likely not give them my business again .
1	maybe it was overcooked or bottom of the barrel for my dish ?
0	if not , oops !
1	most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless .
0	when i told people i was going to pittsburgh , everyone recommended primanti bros .
1	the red sauce was also just plain and the side of pasta was overcooked .
0	papa j 's is expensive and inconsistent .
1	the tortilla was overcooked as well as everything else inside .
0	half of the floors do n't have vending machines .
1	the sundae was completely melted and my fried were overcooked .
0	what was originally an average lowe 's has turned into lowe 's hell .
1	the vegetable serving was completely overcooked .
0	this is not an exaggeration .
1	tough , clearly overcooked , and just downright horrible .
0	do not stay here .
1	the egg rolls were overcooked but were otherwise pretty standard .
0	it 's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store .
1	i had the prime rib au jus sandwich and it was tough and overcooked .
0	very disappointing to me .
1	the butter was too salty and the potato was overcooked .
0	the food was bad , yo .
1	the chicken was old and smelled and the shrimp was overcooked and not cleaned .
0	first bite the crust was almost raw , dense , and way too chewy .
1	pasta was overcooked .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	egg was overcooked .
0	thinking back and forth on it did n't seem right .
1	everything was overcooked .
0	the district manager of this bakery to make sure it does not happen again .
1	he ended up getting bulgogi which was very dry and overcooked .
0	terrible service .
1	the fish was bland and overcooked , and the fries were pretty terrible .
0	why would i spend hundreds of dollars on more suits ?
1	bread was old , pasta overcooked , chicken was way over seasoned .
0	done in less than _num_ hours .
1	overcooked food , pre made drinks , and underwhelming service .
0	watch out when it looks like something is on sale .
1	it was overcooked , like rubber , and served on plain white beans .
0	_num_ . )
1	unfortunately , it too was way overcooked with the noodles being just mush .
0	because i really want to like harris grill .
1	meh , my filet was overcooked , service was slow .
0	they ended up calling two more over , but it took way too long .
1	boba was overcooked .
