0	another couple ordered the cajun pasta and brewery beef tips .
1	as well as an excellent mattress pad with a _num_ year warranty .
0	and the last were absolutely awful .
1	i ordered chicken pad thai .
0	i was n't standing behind the people 's sitting at the bar .
1	the pad thai is amazing , the soups are all very good .
0	that has no chicken .
1	the pad thai tasted very americanized .
0	weird experience .
1	chicken ( and shrimp , apparently ) pad thai was very bland and dry .
0	it was a weird experience .
1	the pad tai is amazing as well !
0	everything else is a joke .
1	the pad thai was yummy and beautifully plated .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	ok are these brake pads made of gold ?
0	you should skip this place for sure .
1	the thai fried rice , drunken noodles and pad thai are all very good .
0	not really .
1	pad thai was great .
0	waitresses do not make much of an effort .
1	the pad thai tofu with vegetables was so delicious and generous in portion size .
0	is this what italian food in pittsburgh has come too ?
1	good pad thai .
0	times , and it still is not resolved .
1	best pad thai around .
0	however , i knew my husband wanted to use the gift card .
1	the pad thai was not that good .
0	now i am forced to put in another quarter to finish my load .
1	pad thai with chicken - spicy was amazing !
0	then i tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	i ordered the pad thai with chicken .
0	i 'll be sure to spend my money elsewhere next time .
1	i ordered the chicken pad thai and it was excellent .
0	for starters , the food is always served cold .
1	pad thai was really weird and oddly sour .
0	_num_ .
1	the pad thai was not very good .
0	these guys are definitely lazy !
1	i ordered the chicken pad tai - thinking it would be a safe bet .
0	they are open late hours , so sometimes that can be handy .
1	love the papaya pad thai ... .
0	crispy on the outside , creamy and cheesy on the inside .
1	my colleague ordered the pad thai and the balance of flavors were completely off .
0	something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad .
1	my pad thai was delivered without the peanuts .
0	could n't even call me to let me know .
1	really good tofu pad thai .
0	we can not , therefore , understand the rave reviews .
1	worst chicken pad thai i 've ever had .
0	i hardly ever send food back or complain but this was really bad .
1	that waitress needs _num_ things : some training and an order pad .
0	it 's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable .
1	i had the beef pad thai which was watery and bland .
0	it 's not hard .
1	the pad thai was not as good .
0	this is supposed to be the best burgers in the 'burgh .
1	ca n't complain about the chicken pad thai because it was great .
0	overall not impressed .
1	we normally share the wraps and an order of the pad thai .
0	he pushed me and took all the chairs .
1	treadmills with torn pads or that literally stop moving at speed randomly in workout .
0	`` ok , sir .
1	the pad thai is a favorite of mine .
0	my boyfriend 's dinner was a real disappointment , however .
1	the cheap pads just brakes installed are junk and do n't last .
0	in fact i was quite disappointed .
1	ordered shrimp pad thai for lunch cost me $ _num_ .
0	okay , i 'm not from pittsburgh .
1	they easily have the best pad thai i 've ever had .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	from the jungle themed splash pad to the children 's park and petting zoo .
0	i doubt that i 'll ever go back to this location again .
1	some of the best pad thai i 've ever had in my life !
0	how the heck do you get that order wrong ?
1	had their fried rice and my boyfriend let me try his pad thai .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	great pad thai !
0	once seated , service was extremely slow .
1	got the pad thai and added chicken .
0	go to meat & potatoes instead , and order a sandwich there .
1	i ordered the pad thai which was the perfect amount of spice .
0	we did not feel any of these things .
1	the pad that had no flavor and the meat was way overcooked .
0	they would n't look at me .
1	some of their equipment is busted and needs pads replaced , etc .
0	it is definitely not _num_ days free with no questioned asked .
1	the pad tai noodles were very tasty and i even enjoyed the tofu .
0	no big deal .
1	they have the best pad thai !
0	so disappointed .
1	the pad thai and lettuce wraps are the best .
0	i will never place an order for me & my coworkers again .
1	a couple months later i went elsewhere to replace my brake pads .
0	the food is n't terrible , but not impressive .
1	i enjoyed their vegetarian options especially the pad thai .
0	the entire restaurant could use a thorough cleaning .
1	the pad thai is amazing .
0	in short , i do not believe we will be dining here again .
1	take your camera and maybe a note pad and pen .
0	unfortunately i do n't know what happened ?
1	takeout for $ _num_ for pad thai and green curry dish .
0	do n't waste your time or money !
1	it was honestly the worst pad see ew i 've ever had .
0	there are much better italian restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	my friend had pad cha seafood , which also burned beautifully .
0	_num_ .
1	pad thai = chow mein , the chicken dishes are bland .
0	make sure no flies land on your food .
1	i really enjoyed my pad thai and pineapple fried rice .
0	really disappointing .
1	easily the best i 've ever had and my wife loved the pad thai .
0	clearly , i must not love myself or something .
1	i had pad thai and crab puffs ... both amazing .
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	the pad thai , being so common , was not better than somewhere cheaper .
0	( _num_ ) left messages and no one called me back .
1	i got honey walnut shrimp and shrimp pad thai !
0	this was more than _num_ hours after i had placed the order .
1	when we came back to pick them up the pads were nowhere in site .
0	there was also no pineapple chutney .
1	pad thai : average ( at best ) flavor .
0	but good lord , they 're just so loud !
1	pad thai sounded yummy and ordered chicken added to the dish .
0	i just do n't understand the appeal .
1	i ordered chicken pad thai at a _num_ , my usual order .
0	horrible !
1	the pad thai was not good and that 's what it should be !
0	i have not a single good thing to say about this restaurant .
1	pad thai here is the best .
0	yes , but only if it is convenient .
1	the pad thai did n't have that distinct flavor , it lacked flavor .
0	the older man that took us to the table could have done nicer .
1	pad thai is mediocre at best .
0	my aunt picked up lunch , and left the tip .
1	unfortunately , a charlotte main stay has worn out the welcome pad .
0	the aisles feel more narrow than they should be for a store this size .
1	the pad thai was more like greasy chow mein .
0	none of them responded to me .
1	the pad thai is not good here .
0	everyone else at the table hated their food .
1	none of that stalls have sanitary pads for the toilet seats either .
0	it 's dirty and weird .
1	even still though , the pad thai tasted way better than my red curry .
0	waitress wiped off table and pushed crumbs into my lap .
1	but to be clear this place is not for a pad thai lover .
0	no way would i ever stay at this motel again .
1	i really enjoyed the pad thai from this place .
0	we were ignored until i grabbed a table in the back .
1	the pad thai was delicious and i loved the vegetarian spring rolls .
0	will probably never go here again because the person servicing me was rude .
1	they hand wrote the _num_ codes on a sticky pad .
0	i had the kelly burger and it was just extremely massive and greasy .
1	pad se ew is so good here !
0	boring .
1	my date had their pad thai and it looked great .
0	there was no internet at the time .
1	the pad thai i ha was outstanding !
0	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
1	last time i ordered vegetarian pad si ew ( normally my favorite thai dish .
0	the bones are small and barely have any meat on them at all .
1	oh joey love the splash pad too !
0	the food went from amazing to mediocre without missing a beat .
1	they have the best spring rolls and the best pad thai .
0	no one came or even looked at us .
1	the pad thai had no flavor .
0	since we were staying one night , this was a major disappointment .
1	my sister and i had the pad thai and it was plentiful and tasty .
0	it just is n't for me .
1	it did n't even taste like pad thai .
0	her reply `` no .
1	my pad thai was dry : - ( .
0	worst .
1	this guy tells me i need my rotors turned and a brake pad replacement .
0	the food , however , was disappointing .
1	my husband also likes the pad thai here .
0	did n't even enjoy the pizza crust .
1	the green curry & pad thai are also a couple of my favorites .
0	the food was terrible and way overpriced .
1	amazing vegetarian pad thai ; truly my favorite food .
0	it should have been a clue when they were soggy .
1	the pad thai and yellow curry here are both amazing dishes .
0	while we are talking about the meat - why use this garbage ?
1	the pad thai sauce tasted like it came from a box .
0	horrible !
1	the chicken pad thai is pretty decent , but i have had better .
0	the noodles were very bland and almost chewy .
1	the pad thai and curry - excellent !
0	he said , oh about $ _num_ or $ _num_ .
1	pad thai was good .
0	why would you not just get our drinks ?
1	i 'm in love with their pad thai !
0	he refuses .
1	the pad thai and bamboo shoot curry are both amazing !
0	i did n't see a piece of lump crab anywhere .
1	in my experience , pad see ew is n't supposed to be spicy .
0	not cool .
1	the pad thai was really good as well .
0	she did not greet me as i opened the door .
1	the pad thai was bland and seemed to lack ingredients .
0	first off , i can not comment on the food .
1	my partner order pad thai with chicken .
0	stomach hurts all night .
1	the pad thai was n't bad ... not great , but not bad .
0	look on his face - totally rude and completely inept .
1	shrimp pad thai was the best .
0	well money talks so they talked me into giving them another try .
1	pad se ew had alright flavor but a little on the dry side .
0	the only thing i liked was their ranch sauce .
1	$ _num_ for brake pads .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	i appreciate their honesty and showing me the pads and rotors etc .
0	friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
1	the break pads woman left after _num_ hours .
0	and this was an early lunch with very few customers around .
1	the pad thai was well , pitiful .
0	was n't impressed by their sunday brunch .
1	my wife and i both got the pad thai with beef .
0	there is no lobby .
1	that 's where i discovered the pads were _num_ '' x _num_ '' .
0	5:30 on a saturday and only two other tables were occupied .
1	i absolutely love their lettuce wraps , pad thai , and/or singapore noodles .
0	this was explained to us before we ordered .
1	the pad thai was very much lacking .
0	the pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a _num_ year old .
1	fortunately , they have pad thai noodles that tastes great !
0	apparently the guy was the owner , but he was beyond rude .
1	do n't waste your money here , and get a better quality pad thai .
0	- this really was the standout .
1	( although not as memorable as the pad thai . )
0	_num_ .
1	also , the few bites of pad thai that i did have were awful .
0	i may try the pizza but other reviews noted it was pricy .
1	my chicken pad thai tasted too sweet .
0	... can you call back later , i 'm really busy . ''
1	pad thai noodles , fried wontons and mayonnaise shrimp were excellent !
0	for the most part they were rude and inattentive .
1	like ordering pad thai at a thai restaurant .
0	what an awful experience .
1	we ordered the spring rolls , the pad thai and the ny charm .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	the pad thai my wife ordered was also a little off .
0	there is nothing chinese about the food !
1	excellent pad thai , and their house soups are pretty great too !
0	anybody that is not would be totally screwed by these people .
1	i tried the pan fried crispy noodles with chicken and the pad thai .
0	i 've eaten here several times and they are not very flexible .
1	pad thai was terrible ... very salty , not sweet at all .
0	it was n't good at all .
1	in fact the pad thai was so good , we ordered some to go .
0	but the rest of the place , not so much .
1	still my favorite pad thai in arizona .
0	the food is not incredible and the service is always mediocre at best .
1	the pad thai was decent , not the best i 've had .
0	bottom line : horrid service , mediocre food .
1	literally the worst pad thai ever .
0	otherwise , it would have been pretty good .
1	pad thai is delicious , so is the pineapple fried rice .
0	hmm a bit misleading .
1	the pad thai was delicious and amazing .
0	he also went on to give me the fastest haircut i 've ever had .
1	i love the pad thai .
0	the almond torte used to be the best , hands down .
1	my boyfriend ordered the yellow curry and i ordered the pad thai .
0	this has never happened before and it took me off guard .
1	i 've always ordered pad thai , and i like it .
0	_num_ minutes later , she finally brought it back for me to sign .
1	their pad thai is so good .
0	other times , it does n't seem so busy .
1	we got pad thai which was good but nothing special .
0	hot & sour soup was highly americanized , not very hot or very sour .
1	the noodles were overcooked and stuck together in our pad thai .
0	i can understand a delay during rush hour , but this was not .
1	i ordered the pad thai with chicken and shrimp .
0	it was decently greasy and the crust was n't all that special .
1	i recommend the pad thai !
0	`` again i ask oh really is there nothing you can do ? ''
1	also they also use this creepy mattress pad as a comforter .
0	fairly average italian food other than the meatballs .
1	the pad thai was bland and generic , and tasted almost gummy .
0	he cried constantly when i left his sight .
1	she came back with freshly cooked pad thai which was perfect !
0	the sales lady made an annoying appearance every ten minutes .
1	awful pad thai , below average customer service .
0	the cheese ruined this pie .
1	the pad thai and the ginger shrimp broccoli .
0	she failed to follow-up when she promised .
1	we almost always order the pad thai , it 's glorious .
0	does n't seem like they keep up with it .
1	pad thai look like it was food colored and the noodle stick together .
0	take a hard right down aisle _num_ and then you hit the bakery .
1	pad thai was horrible .
0	if you are going to order something , i would go with the pizza .
1	it 's definitely the best pad thai i 've ever had .
0	glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its _num_ degrees outside .
1	i just experienced the best pad thai of my life !
0	small , overcrowded , unfriendly staff .
1	there was nothing overly special about the pad thai or yellow curry .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the salad with the lobster roll , hold the bread .
1	best pad thai and thai beef salad !
0	even adding salt and pepper did not help it .
1	i love their pad thai and they serve boba !
0	water pressure in the shower was also horrible .
1	shrimp fried rice and pad thai was tasty and good .
0	otherwise it was _num_ miles .
1	i recommend coming during lunch and getting the yellow curry or pad thai .
0	and , most sadly , the cup of coffee was weak .
1	the worst pad thai noodles ever !
0	bland food and poor service .
1	pad thai at a fusion place ?
0	_num_ .
1	pad thai should not be sweet .
0	avoid .
1	i had the pad thai which i really enjoyed .
0	the steaks came and were both overcooked .
1	i got the pad thai and it was dry .
0	waitress was rude to them and the manager never came to address the issue .
1	we got the take out pad see ew tonight .
0	i do n't even care about the decor or seating etc .
1	i love the pad thai !
0	the toppings on my salad were barely there .
1	their pad thai is tasty and i love the udon .
0	my appointment was at 8:30 am , i was on time .
1	by the way , the regular pad thai is also wonderful .
0	white slim fit shirt looked ridiculous .
1	i love their pad thai and they have a good selection for vegetarians .
0	decor and service were just fine , no issues there .
1	the pad thai was the worst we have ever had .
0	the elevator moved really slow .
1	love the staff and love the thai pad .
0	i wo n't go back .
1	not a traditional pad thai flavor but even more delicious .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	after cream cheese wontons , pad thai is one of my favorite asian entrees .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	firstly , it was really nothing like real pad thai .
0	chef 's special was penne in a light alfredo sauce with crab and shrimp .
1	the pad thai was not great , the noodles was too chewy .
0	the main courses are very low quality .
1	the ginger chicken is delicious , as is the pad thai .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	they have the best pad thai in town .
0	my sister for a deal for _num_ and day in the _num_ season .
1	ordered chicken pad thai and the thai wonton soup .
0	i wish someone had informed the port authority of this .
1	let me tell you the chicken pad thai was very good and flavorful .
0	this was sorely lacking .
1	i ordered chicken pad thai and wanted to replace the shrimp with veggies .
0	the management at this restaurant is horrendous .
1	my son loves the splash pad !
0	my noodles were cold ... like really cold .
1	i absolutely loved the ny charm , and the pad thai was ok .
0	how utterly disgusted i was with it .
1	so far , this is my favorite pad thai in the valley .
0	world .
1	delicious except that the pad thai was too spicy even though i requested mild .
0	got _num_ bites for one night .
1	excellent pad thai .
0	the bar area felt cramped and made me uncomfortable .
1	pad thai is great , yellow curry better .
0	if i wanted a microwave omelet i would have gone to burger king .
1	finally , an amazing pad thai , made with chicken and shrimp !
0	this was my first and last time at this restaurant .
1	they insisted the pads was low .
0	i probably wo n't be returning for a hair appointment .
1	the pad thai was dry and tasteless .
0	delivery was good for a salad but for everything else i was sadly disappointed .
1	i liked the flavor of the pad thai and the spring roll .
0	so i would n't go back .
1	probably the best vegan pad thai i 've ever had .
0	giant eagle should be ashamed of this establishment .
1	seriously the best pad thai i have ever had !
0	they also did away with the _num_ cent wing night .
1	pad thai doesnt even taste like pad thai .
0	unless you sit at the bar , the service is poor .
1	so , i ordered the pad thai with chicken .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	i order pad thai every chance i get and this was not good .
0	lobster roll was dry and salty .
1	pot stickers and pad thai noodles .
0	it 's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store .
1	the brake pads perhaps , they were different , but the tube ?
0	it was also virtually tasteless .
1	ordered an order of egg rolls , crispy beef and chicken pad thai .
0	chili 's can cook a better steak than them .
1	the pad thai was flavorful , the noodles were a tasty pile of mush .
0	but it was seriously bad .
1	went tonight and ordered pad thai .
0	we lucked out and go on the shuttle over without waiting in the cold .
1	the pad thai here is n't bad .
0	i was seated and served a complimentary salad .
1	it instead looked like a hospital blue pad that is placed under sheets .
0	breaking off buttons then charging to put back on .
1	the food was mediocre , i ordered the pad thai spicy .
0	done in less than _num_ hours .
1	one of my friends told that the pad thai here is her absolute favorite .
0	the food was terrible !
1	the driver even stopped at autozone for me to buy some pads .
0	in all , it 's really nothing special , just very basic .
1	their pad thai with chicken is very good .
