0	i however , ordered the steak and cheese pita and was extremely disappointed .
1	still charging $ _num_ plus $ _num_ for parking .
0	their shopping carts are all rusty and broken .
1	oh , and the parking is atrocious .
0	if you can help it , do n't get cable from this cable company .
1	parking lot is pathetic and they do n't care about their customers !
0	my friend lives near here so i came to satisfy my deli sandwich craving .
1	parking is atrocious .
0	disappointing .
1	one fell out in a parking lot and was luckily found .
0	so disappointed !
1	imagine _num_ chinese food menus blowing through the parking lot , not cool .
0	terrible .
1	had to go to tempe where their office parking situation is a complete nightmare .
0	i have had better seafood elsewhere .
1	i later noticed that money i had in my car for parking was missing .
0	so , i 've tried this place _num_ times and that was enough .
1	made a reservation thru priceline on the parking shuttle and got there around 1am .
0	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
1	upsetting bc of the drive to get down here and paid for parking .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	we 've passed by several times and always saw an empty parking lot .
0	trying to get something healthy , i ordered the apple pecan salad .
1	parking was confusing .
0	it is my worst fear .
1	parking was very limited due to the construction .
0	maybe , to try the breakfast everyone seems to enjoy so much .
1	the parking lot is easy to get in and out of though .
0	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
1	i wasted a half tank of gas just trying to find parking .
0	_num_ stars .
1	parking is $ _num_ !
0	if not , then go .
1	unless you walk here , forget finding a parking space .
0	i stopped by to see them , asking them to give me a price .
1	should have went to get burgers at five guys in the same parking lot .
0	she said she did n't care and her manager did n't care .
1	consider yourself lucky if you happen to find parking .
0	it was about _num_ inches off the ground !
1	this parking lot sucks .
0	again , the food was mediocre but the staff was extremely friendly .
1	for one , the parking is awful .
0	overall , my experience eating here has been inconsistent .
1	you can smell the second hand cigarette from the elevators to the parking garage .
0	bad service , bland food .
1	long term parking lot was way over crowded .
0	it was decently greasy and the crust was n't all that special .
1	if the parking lot is packed service always seems to suffer .
0	jiffy lube sucked .
1	theres one across the parking lot that at least doesnt change prices on you .
0	so , i kept quiet against my better judgement .
1	it is older , dingy looking & parking is a challenge .
0	i stood there for approx 5-7 mins before i was even acknowledged .
1	the parking is terrible and very busy .
0	it 's really sad actually .
1	no parking , a little dirty .
0	my first impression was the outdated decor .
1	parking is a real problem .
0	if your not a chain smoker , opt for takeout .
1	parking is indeed a nightmare so just forget about having anyone over ... ever .
0	this is probably the worst business in carnegie .
1	place is kind of dirty and parking is a nightmare .
0	this appetizer reminded me of my mother 's irish cooking : tasteless .
1	parking is a nightmare .
0	either way , i am not going back to find out .
1	there is no security cameras in the parking lot .
0	_num_ . )
1	parking is weird .
0	we also had a masala and that too was not great .
1	the parking lot is indeed dangerous with holes , the other reviews are correct .
0	vietnamese beef noodles were bland and flavorless .
1	valet parking at this store , really ?
0	a complete lack of work ethic , it 's disgusting .
1	we thought they were closed because the parking lot was rather empty .
0	bad service and mediocre food served cold .
1	the parking lot is a bit weird to access .
0	a number of the reviews here giving off the `` eh '' vibe ?
1	wan 's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with _num_ other friends .
0	order : big mac , large fries , diet coke .
1	we drove from our hotel , found some parking and started our night .
0	with _num_ waitresses .
1	the exterior of the building and parking lot needs a little touch up paint .
0	rude service , and pizza was subpar .
1	the parking lot is miserable .
0	we had dinner tonight and were so disappointed .
1	so far i have witnessed _num_ drug deals in the parking lot .
0	terrible service that night from an otherwise reputable place .
1	and they raised the parking to $ _num_ , which is ridiculous .
0	i ai n't going back where they treat customers like that .
1	someone stole gas out of our truck while it sat in the parking lot .
0	come for the food and not the atmosphere or service .
1	not enough parking , the place is unsafe and customers should be treated better .
0	very dim lighting somewhere between romantic and creepy .
1	i walk out to the parking lot , no cab .
0	poor customer service .
1	the parking lot is run down and disgusting .
0	the sauce that was served with it did n't do much to save it .
1	first parking was a real issue and i hate having to valet my car .
0	service is lacking and food is mediocre .
1	unless your car breaks down in the parking lot , i would n't recommend .
0	not a medium .
1	i should have known from the parking lot this was gon na be bad .
0	this place is terrible !
1	center caps from my wheels were stolen from the crappy parking lot .
0	i 'd stay away from this garden like the plague , though .
1	my parking spot is no where near my apartment .
0	just called to get information for my son 's birthday cake .
1	the front entrance is not where the parking lot is .
0	do not get your alterations done at this location !
1	parking is easy and the wait is n't long .
0	not crispy at all assuming thats why it was so fast .
1	parking was $ _num_ .
0	however , the food and service is sub par .
1	i dont think id stay here again bc of the parking .
0	the fitness center lacks a fan , so working out gets too hot .
1	we booked a covered parking spot online and printed our reservation .
0	you do not deserve this job and should be fired .
1	the parking lot here has had zero maintenance performed on it .
0	the restaurant never called us , so we ended up eating elsewhere .
1	parking is horrific and appliances are old .
0	why is it so hard to find a good chinese restaurant in pittsburgh ?
1	upon going in , the parking lot was trashy .
0	out of _num_ reviews , i 've written only _num_ _num_ star reviews .
1	parking was $ _num_ coming in .
0	our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations .
1	there are only about _num_ cars in the parking lot .
0	all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
1	parking was okay , never had an issue finding a spot .
0	pretty disappointed in my service here the other day .
1	abandoned old cars left in the parking lots .
0	not bad after hours but those hours are pretty narrow .
1	parking was easy , but the lot was not well lit .
0	self check out usually broken .
1	since this is on state street , the parking options are obviously terrible .
0	i 'm certain they notice , they just do n't care .
1	and despite their lack of business , the parking is terrible .
0	just all around terrible .
1	first off , the parking situation is ridiculous .
0	they are apparently saying i cant cancel a custom order .
1	the parking situation is weird so make sure you valet .
0	the vegetables were n't even cooked .
1	get your own cart from the parking lot .
0	but no .
1	i blame the ridiculous payment required parking structure .
0	giving _num_ stars instead of _num_ just cause i 've had worse .
1	parking is frustrating .
0	rude , crowded , and most importantly not that great !
1	so i went # _num_ in the parking lot .
0	_num_ .
1	dirty , so-so deals , rude employees , bad parking , so-so produce .
0	so on to the sushi , oh yeah , it 's gross too !
1	the parking situation also sucks .
0	terrible place and i would not recommend this facility to anyone .
1	the parking lot ... is super tight to get in and out of .
0	however , check the price of a beer before you buy it .
1	i 'm rating only their parking service .
0	no problem , we were seated right away .
1	and the parking lot is almost empty during the summer .
0	they lost my clothes and charged me for stuff i never sent .
1	the parking was a little weird .
0	the meat was so tough , i gave up after a few pieces .
1	sounds bad but i was thankful for my mom 's disabled parking tag .
0	i was too drunk and full of pita donuts to eat my dinner .
1	parking is very limited .
0	the head massage was painful and rough .
1	we pull up to the parking lot which looks empty .
0	the service was mediocre .
1	otherwise use the ulta in chandler for better parking .
0	no more .
1	the parking is ridiculous .
0	as for the food and drink , it was just fine .
1	people were taking up _num_ parking spaces .
0	i will not be a repeat patron .
1	i was skeptical pulling into the parking lot because it looked like a carnival .
0	so bad service .
1	every other parking facilities shuttle has been by 2-3 times .
0	not really .
1	to further add to the drama , the parking garage has virtually no signage !
0	what a disappointment .
1	parking , no time for this place .
0	horrible .
1	no thank you , especially since there is no togo parking !
0	so gross .
1	parking is difficult to come by , and you have to pay .
0	the good : the ladies who run the registers are personable and helpful .
1	yes the parking is atrocious !
0	great shrimp cocktail but i wish i had my fish sandwich across the street .
1	the parking is also awful .
0	i asked about late hours but the latest appointment is at _num_ pm .
1	the place was packed and it was somewhat challenging to find parking .
0	i spent almost _num_ minutes for some nachos .
1	they charge for parking .
0	the fries were fairly soggy and otherwise par for the course .
1	we did find parking on a side street , but not real convenient .
0	the sauce was to sweet and the cheese was not right to me .
1	parking in the mall is horrible .
0	i thought the selection on the menu was pretty poor .
1	also , the parking lot is weird .
0	i stayed three nights at the westin with a group for a conference .
1	no parking near this place , pay lot on shiloh .
0	they put oil on the sandwich , but no other dressing .
1	besides the limited parking , i would not want to leave my car here .
0	the food was gross , greasy and very bad .
1	long term parking at clt is dreadful .
0	this was after waiting 20+ minutes at the register with cash in hand .
1	overpriced and grocery carts are in the parking lot if you need one .
0	very disappointed .
1	parking was n't a bother though , and they were on time .
0	$ _num_ credit card minimum .
1	far cry from the awesome steaks just across the parking lot at firebirds .
0	if i was n't vegan , i 'd eat the dish .
1	it was a black hole in the parking lot .
0	this is about _num_ minutes after i arrived .
1	each time i go , i can never find parking .
0	maybe part of the problem was expectations ?
1	gross food horrible parking .
0	bland food .
1	parking is free which is a plus .
0	ashley furniture will get my business from now on .
1	parking is awful too !
0	it 's been a tremendous ordeal to get it fixed .
1	the parking lot is empty for reason ... enough said !
0	i was exceptionally disappointed .
1	since this year started , it is next to impossible to find parking .
0	food takes forever and it does n't come out right .
1	located at the biltmore fashion park , parking is usually an issue .
0	this was done _num_ years ago .
1	parking is a nightmare as we only have one assigned spot .
0	there was no noise control so sleep was impossible .
1	it is located at the end of the strip and parking is free .
0	the staff 's attitude is straight out of the big apple .
1	parking -- absolutely sucks .
0	ate at this resturant while on a business trip .
1	the parking is terrible like everyone says .
0	the noodles were very bland and almost chewy .
1	not very noticeable from the parking lot .
0	they have the worst transportation service ever in pittsburgh .
1	parking is a nightmare as well .
0	woman takes off my toe nail polish .
1	finally got to a hotel parking structure and was ready to feast !
0	do not stay here .
1	you might even be asked for money in the parking lot .
0	they tried to charge me $ _num_ for _num_ hours of labor .
1	if you 're handicapped you are screwed one parking space for the whole building .
0	two and a half stars , neither a-ok nor real bad .
1	i 'm currently cooling my heels in the parking lot at the store .
0	by far the worst service we 've had in a while .
1	you ca n't sit here anymore i need the parking lot clear for customers !
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	horrible parking .
0	my salad was missing _num_ items that were supposed to be on the salad .
1	_num_ ) the parking garage looks like and smells like a dump .
0	terrible service .
1	i allowed extra time for parking since its off street parking .
0	loud is an understatement .
1	parking is an absolute nightmare and the management will do nothing about it .
0	another sour note , they dropped off some spring rolls at our table .
1	the parking lot was n't full so we thought great ... no long wait .
0	completely bitter and disgusting !
1	its no wonder the parking lot was pretty much empty !
0	does that make you a little worried ?
1	breakfast was crappy and there are always shady people in the parking lot .
0	did n't get our food until after _num_ .
1	the store was worse then the parking lot , people everywhere .
0	remember , the call was on speaker so i overheard both sides .
1	- parking will cost you .
0	if zero was an option that is what i would rate them !
1	if the stench in the parking lot does n't turn your stomach first !
0	so this past friday i held a birthday dinner for my mother here .
1	maybe that 's why the parking lot was empty ... .
0	really disappointing .
1	parking was fairly easy , and only $ _num_ .
0	i called restaurant.com for a refund , and told them what he said .
1	i had n't been in since they moved across the parking lot .
0	the free breakfast is as bad as it gets .
1	also most hotels offer no free parking , shadyside suites did .
0	ordered _num_ dishes , all pretty average .
1	more than once i have been approached in the parking lot for spare change .
0	wo n't be back .
1	y'all ca n't even spring for free parking for your patrons ?
0	the clientele , for some reason , really made for a loud dining experience .
1	parking lot sucks to get out of though .
0	very slow and boring .
1	the parking lot is also a joke like a previous person had reviewed .
0	overall it was just ok food served by an incompetent waiter .
1	parking is not included in ur room .
0	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
1	tenants get a covered parking space and there is guest parking .
0	poor excuse for a gentleman 's store .
1	parking garage is just filthy .
0	does chicken salad hold a week in your fridge ?
1	he also went to an extra hotel to just drive around the parking lot .
0	tried their philly cheese steak .
1	sometimes there is zero parking available .
0	the room i had was bland , one piece of ugly artwork .
1	no wonder there were very few cars in the parking lot .
0	the bread pudding was ice cold and hard as a rock .
1	empty parking lot .
0	most of our bill was the wine .
1	first parking is a nightmare .
0	that 's about as far as it goes though .
1	the parking garage was horrible .
0	the preparation instructions seem questionable ( microwave in a plastic bag ?
1	the parking lot was full which made us regret choosing this place to eat .
0	unless you have no other choice do not shop here .
1	also parking is _num_ per room .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	we had no problems using our admission ticket or parking ticket .
0	i doubt we will go back , too many other choices .
1	the parking lot is large but it 's a mess .
0	but the clams casino were inedible .
1	terrible parking !
0	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
1	the parking lot disaster strikes again !
0	there was a ton of thai basil in the dish which was quite overwhelming .
1	neighborhood parking was hit or miss .
0	i will tell people not to go there and i will never go back .
1	the parking lot is small , barely wide enough to get your care into .
0	quickly losing stars .
1	called for parking directions and the girl that answered was really rude .
0	worst dry cleaners ever .
1	- parking leaves much to be desired .
0	he said , `` no , absolutely not .
1	one was the parking or should i say lack there of .
0	too bad .
1	maybe this is why the parking lot is empty .
0	my stomach was in knots for hours .
1	parking is horrible .
0	only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it !
1	there we 're zero people in the lobby and one car in parking lot .
0	it was n't bad , just nothing great .
1	i went to a chiropractor in the same parking lot as home depot .
0	i 'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant .
1	they were gracious to direct us to signs that got us out of parking .
0	however , if you 're looking for something specific , good luck .
1	its owner , gary , enjoys parking in handicapped parking spaces .
0	last week , i got a large and went back for more .
1	finally , the parking here sucks .
0	i was embarrassed because he was my guest and it was my idea .
1	i drove around for an hour to avoid valet parking still nothing .
0	my co-worker 's chicken was n't cooked right .
1	drove here , paid for parking , this place does n't exist anymore .
0	i wo n't be ordering from ron 's again , despite the inexpensive menu .
1	parking is always a nightmare .
0	he just put it on the bill .
1	so we 're talking _num_ parking spaces dedicated to handicapped parking .
0	no such luck : it came on her sandwich just like everyone else .
1	the parking situation is horrible .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	we spent $ _num_ on admission & parking for _num_ adults and _num_ kids .
0	so gross .
1	they refuse to put a camera in the package room , parking lot too .
0	all i have to say is no thanks .
1	the parking lot is worse .
0	but these corporate suits refused .
1	hard to find parking at this mall .
0	what a nightmare !
1	the parking lot was packed , there were grumpy folks looking for spots .
0	i was really excited to hear that they had smoked salmon .
1	there were _num_ cars in the very dark parking lot .
0	_num_ .
1	bad : the parking and the crowd .
0	try $ _num_ , for real .
1	getting in and out of their parking lot can be a test to patience .
0	it 's a tiny long bar just like the old irish pubs .
1	the parking situation sucks , but what can you do about it ?
0	horrible communication skills and customer service .
1	and there was zero parking .
0	this is the worst line i have ever seen in my life .
1	not to mention , there is never open parking !
0	the did n't look or taste like pretzels , rather like breadsticks .
1	trying to book _num_ days of parking .
0	the pizza was n't terrible but it certainly was n't good in my opinion .
1	-- parking was crowded ( maybe due to baseball games ) .
0	never again will i deal with these useless morons .
1	i hate the parking structure .
0	so i contacted this bakery for a wedding cake approximately _num_ months in advance .
1	parking was horrible .
0	receptionists were beyond awful .
1	first parking is a joke and a crime .
0	makes me glad i live in new york city .
1	firstly , parking is a mess .
0	the waitstaff are very unprofessional all standing around and talking loud near your table .
1	there was only one car in the parking lot .
0	so completely frustrating .
1	parking : rarely will you find a parking spot .
0	the worst best buy i have ever visited .
1	the parking in this place is ridiculous .
0	in my opinion , sing sing is really not worth it .
1	parking was a disaster .
0	the service is snotty and slow .
1	i mean , the parking lot was pretty much empty .
0	not crowded but service was quite slow so i took off a star .
1	the parking complex also sucked .
0	the price was fair and the delivery driver was nice .
1	and parking is a disaster !
0	essentially , the entire sandwich was inedible and i settled for five guys instead .
1	no wonder their parking lot was not full .
0	there is no lobby .
1	_num_ ) the parking is not great .
