0	extremely disappointed .
1	the only reason they got two stars was my pedicure .
0	the food handling left much to be desired .
1	literally , the worst pedicure and customer service i have experienced .
0	however , i had the absolute worst hotel experience at the pittsburgh westin .
1	my pedicure consisted of foot soak and scrub then polish .
0	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
1	worst pedicure i 've had .
0	i also had a few bites of the chicken marsala .
1	on top of that , the pedicure sucks !
0	overall , i 've got no complaints about the food .
1	the pedicure was painful and there was no massage .
0	he said , `` no , absolutely not .
1	worst pedicure i 've ever gotten .
0	thai tea was no bueno .
1	again pedicure was horrible and expensive .
0	ca n't wait to cancel service .
1	that 's the only enjoyable thing about this pedicure .
0	she kept answering the phone even though others were there .
1	her spa pedicure was $ _num_ , and the color was the same price .
0	my other issue is their restaurants are all filthy .
1	worst manicure of my life , and the pedicure was n't much better .
0	walking into the hotel , it smelled stale .
1	went in for a pedicure today was treated very rudely .
0	i could n't even pick them up .
1	this pedicure is a basic one , nothing special .
0	it took _num_ minutes just to get our waters .
1	also , is n't a pedicure about your feet ?
0	went to getaway last night for famous fajitas .
1	pedicure turned out good , but manicure not so much .
0	it was not superior by any means but very nice for the average express .
1	i want to say that pedicure was not _num_ try _num_ min .
0	parking at the hotel is expensive .
1	i love this place for my nails and pedicure !
0	my girlfriend ordered sesame chicken and it tasted like fish .
1	i just had one of the best pedicures i 've ever had .
0	i showed the lady the picture of my desired bang .
1	the worst pedicure ever !
0	i 've visited this store _num_ times .
1	not a thorough pedicure what 's so ever .
0	well , it does get one from point a to point b in pittsburgh .
1	it started off a little rocky with one of the pedicure chairs being broken .
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	i stopped there the friday before easter to get a pedicure .
0	but , hey , i can always catch up on my sleep tomorrow night .
1	the pedicure was below average .
0	Neutral
1	it was only that one nail so my overall pedicure is inconsistent .
0	the bathroom was awful , bedding lumpy and ancient , and the lighting poor .
1	i was a regular until they just rushed me out of the pedicure chair .
0	rude .
1	terrible experience and terrible pedicures .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our drink order .
1	very unprofessional my pedicure was was worst !
0	after reading reviews i was afraid of what kind of service we would encounter .
1	went to this salon in october for a pedicure .
0	soup not hot , waitress and cook fighting loudly .
1	nail tech was very attentive to me and has a very good pedicure technique .
0	i started with a cup of their wonton soup .
1	the pedicure and gel nail polish was $ _num_ dollars .
0	never been before and went on a thursday night at 6pm before a show .
1	the pedicure took forever !
0	bland .
1	after a few weeks i did , this time i want a pedicure spa .
0	they do not cook directly on the brick though , they use pizza screens .
1	i wish i had looked at the reviews before going there for pedicure .
0	there was a long line and only one employee at the checkout .
1	best pedicures and pink and white nails around .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	he was apologetic and did an alright job on my pedicure .
0	booked an appointment , and they fixed the issue .
1	the nails should be bad enough , but the pedicure is worse .
0	the food was also not too good .
1	terrible pedicures .
0	when the tech returned with my dog she did n't say a word .
1	my wife did not enjoy the manicure or the `` spa pedicure '' .
0	it 's not going to happen .
1	i had the deluxe pedicure ( $ _num_ ) as i had gift certificate .
0	the wine list is lacking .
1	saw someone sit in the pedicure chair for over an hour waiting for service .
0	the waitress was slow getting around to us .
1	i got a gel manicure and a pedicure last friday .
0	the whole burger just tasted like nothing .
1	the pedicure was painful .
0	are these the same people running this restaurant ?
1	rude dirty and the worst manicure pedicure i 've ever gotten .
0	bad food - ordered a bagel sandwich - yuck !
1	last time i went , i made an appointment for two pedicures .
0	i ordered the lemon grass soup with shrimp and the papaya salad .
1	my pedicure left me with skin hanging off two toes - not trimmed well .
0	at $ _num_ each this falls clearly into the ripoff category .
1	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
0	no way .
1	absolutely wonderful pedicure and i am picky .
0	an adult area would change all this .
1	starting right off they were rude talking about us while doing our pedicures .
0	the steak was tough and tasteless .
1	which in pedicure language is not a good thing .
0	i felt bad just ordering free beer so i ordered a sandwich .
1	she rushed through the entire pedicure like you would not believe .
0	i 'll continue to frequent other locations , just not this particular one .
1	pedicure lasted _num_ week .
0	the menu is blah and the food is also .
1	the pedicure at most lasted _num_ mins .
0	boring and expensive .
1	i have also had a pedicure and found it to be perfectly fine .
0	just not going back there .
1	_num_ minute wait for a rushed _num_ minute pedicure .
0	it 's my fault , i guess .
1	the women doing my nails was extremely rough and just rushed through the pedicure .
0	szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
1	no pedicure , manicure , cabana , pool chair , etc .
0	i could not believe how filthy this store was .
1	they 're pedicures are amazing .
0	this is on a weekend ( saturday night - sunday morning ) .
1	i am very disappointed in the pedicure i received today .
0	if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating .
1	the first time there , i went for a pedicure based on reviews .
0	not good .
1	we got pedicures and there was a big variety of colors to choose from .
0	i ca n't believe all the high reviews .
1	the deluxe was the best pedicure i 've ever had !
0	the place was empty when we got there and when we left .
1	i usually get pedicures once a month .
0	the sauce is very forgettable and watery .
1	worst worst pedicure ever !
0	i am not changing my review nor am i removing it .
1	crappy pedicures and poor customer service , but cute designs !
0	and questioned why it was cold .
1	the pedicure was n't bad , but it was n't good either .
0	absolutely a waste of time and money .
1	terrible pedicure !
0	in the mean time my sales rep was fired apparently .
1	i went in to get a pedicure for myself .
0	do not waste your money at this restaurant .
1	in the end this full set acrylic with classic pedicure was $ _num_ !
0	severely disappointed .
1	worst pedicure of my life .
0	based on this experience , i would most definitely not recommend this to others .
1	save your $ _num_ and get a pedicure instead .
0	well , this too was a massive disappointment .
1	even though i opted for the $ _num_ spa pedicure .
0	when the food finally came it was bad .
1	called and asked if they had availability to do _num_ pedicures together .
0	not a lot of fat on them .
1	i was there to get pedicure and manicure .
0	i did like the home fries , very yummy !
1	the sign on their window states `` $ _num_ pedicure '' .
0	so not cool steelers !
1	their $ _num_ pedicure is merely a polish change and hot water soak .
0	first thing i noticed is the place was an absolute sauna .
1	horrible pedicure !
0	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
1	she came back and said `` pedicure is _num_ min '' .
0	i finally had the chance last week and was surprisingly disappointed .
1	pedicure chairs have massage features that put me to sleep .
0	long time customer and disappointed to say will not buy from them again .
1	_num_ pedicures .
0	i stopped by to see them , asking them to give me a price .
1	worst manicure and pedicure experience i have ever had .
0	no pasta was served with the chicken .
1	$ _num_ pedicure should have been way better than it was .
0	please do not give them business .
1	i went in today to get a pedicure and gel manicure .
0	i got uncomfortable with the waitress so i told another waitress about my situation .
1	bad service , bad pedicure .
0	decor and service were just fine , no issues there .
1	i just left there w/ the worst pedicure of my life .
0	_num_ min from when seated . )
1	this was my second time to this nail salon for a pedicure .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ '' italian and $ _num_ for _num_ '' mushroom steak .
1	walked in for a pedicure .
0	but she said no , we absolutely could not order ice cream separately .
1	not only that but the worst pedicure experience .
0	this is not an acceptable response for management .
1	the pedicure was nothing special , not great not bad .
0	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
1	omg i could have gotten a total pedicure for that .
0	waited _num_ minutes for two glasses of wine .
1	i ultimately did not get the pedicure .
0	our greeting at the front desk was awful .
1	it costs $ _num_ for a manicure and $ _num_ for a pedicure .
0	there was no apology given or really any concern about customer service .
1	i feel like i need a pedicure after the crap they gave me .
0	why were n't their any ice in the glass ?
1	$ _num_ for a pedicure and fill !
0	but it was seriously bad .
1	she did n't even bother with a top coat on my pedicure .
0	i usually do not like posting negative reviews .
1	for a $ _num_ ( overpriced ) pedicure i expected way more .
0	bland .
1	this is absolutely the worst pedicure i have ever had .
0	Neutral
1	worst pedicure and customer service .
0	my simple question was : do you price match to you own website ?
1	first of all though , they did my pedicure .
0	there were also plenty of empty tables .
1	pedicure 's are overpriced and they do basically nothing .
0	it 's just rolls off the tongue , does n't it ?
1	it actually costs $ _num_ for a basic pedicure .
0	i said to myself , this is unsanitary practices being used here .
1	i purchased a groupon for a shellac manicure & pedicure .
0	i found little bugs crawling around the seeds and nuts in my little bags .
1	to be smooth after only one pedicure . ''
0	the food , on the other hand , is not good .
1	and i was n't happy with the manicure or pedicure .
0	it 's og though , so neither were anything spectacular .
1	$ _num_ for a _num_ minute pedicure was enough .
0	i have an awful experience .
1	worst pedicure and gel manicure ever !
0	i was originally told it would take _num_ mins .
1	amazing pedicure .
0	food was mediocre .
1	when i stated a pedicure i was told they did n't have any appointments .
0	what the hell ?
1	i came for a gel pedicure , manicure , and eyebrow waxing .
0	nothing special about this place .
1	they did a terrible job on my pedicure .
0	also questionable tofu in the vegetarian spring rolls .
1	best place i 've been to get my nails and pedicures .
0	it was a huge pile of spaghetti in a bowl .
1	i loved , loved the manicure and pedicure they gave me .
0	just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off .
1	should n't that be included in a pedicure ?
0	six days and it cost _num_ dollars .
1	sorry to say , i 've had better pedicures .
0	bad decision .
1	they have spa chairs for pedicures .
0	gross !
1	i got the worst manicure and pedicure i 've ever had there .
0	seafood noodle soup had slices of pork .
1	i told them _num_ pedicures and _num_ manicure .
0	too many good italian places in pittsburgh to choose here .
1	sub par manicure and pedicure is being nice .
0	my new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank .
1	she did the pedicure in under _num_ minutes .
0	my chicken sandwhich was also made with rubber chicken .
1	they probably only have about _num_ spa chairs for pedicures .
0	terribly ran !
1	and the pedicure was really really painful !
0	do not eat here .
1	then the owner came over to finish my pedicure .
0	i really could n't believe this .
1	i could n't believe the attitude of the woman doing the pedicure .
0	she over charged us for her very badly made drinks .
1	i was rushed to the pedicure chair .
0	coming here you get the feeling they have n't changed much .
1	my pedicure was $ _num_ .
0	too many fries on the sandwich .
1	i 'll still go there for pedicures .
0	for appetizer , we had the kimchi pancakes , which were not fully cooked .
1	the girl doing my pedicure looked like she was high on something .
0	i could n't eat it .
1	my pedicure , however , turned out okay with minimal polish on the skin .
0	fuck that i do n't need to be disrespected like that .
1	and $ _num_ for a freakin pedicure ?
0	annoying waiter .
1	the `` spa '' part of my pedicure was n't good .
0	the last _num_ hoagies i 've gotten here is again only mediocre .
1	the pedicure chairs arms are cracking .
0	fridays seems to have gone down hill .
1	got a pedicure and left extremely unhappy .
0	please ... take your hard earned money elsewhere .
1	$ _num_ for a pedicure .
0	it does n't say cash only anywhere inside or on the menu either .
1	value of the spa pedicure is awful .
0	that 's not how it 's done in philly .
1	massage was very good and pedicure was done really well !
0	paid for the lousy $ _num_ beer and got up .
1	i would never go to this place for a pedicure again .
0	walking on it with shoes on disgusted me .
1	also a heads up - only _num_ pedicure chairs in the place .
0	the sandwiches , although unique , were not that good .
1	my pedicure was horrible and expensive .
0	this is something that tram 's has gotten badly wrong every time i visited .
1	got a pedicure and had it take _num_ minutes .
0	pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best .
1	i waited more than _num_ minutes before getting my scheduled pedicure .
0	do n't believe me ?
1	and rushed through my pedicure and did n't do a good job .
0	it was also barely cooked , not crispy at all .
1	pedicure was a rush .
0	nothing special here .
1	pedicure : this on the other hand was painfully long .
0	maybe the waitress was having a bad day .
1	she sits me in a pedicure chair , with the water in it .
0	hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway .
1	this is not really the best place to get a pedicure .
0	it begins with no signs saying where the hotel is at .
1	i got a pedicure from here yesterday .
0	only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it !
1	i 'm not sure i 've ever seen such a lazy pedicure ... .
0	i thought this was way too much .
1	the pedicure was done within _num_ mins .
0	the better restaurant is the little cafe across the street owned by same owner .
1	i sat down in the chair for pedicure .
0	the bed was dirty too .
1	my boyfriend and i went in for pedicures today around _num_ pm .
0	we were disappointed .
1	the tools they use for pedicure is a bit odd .
0	i would n't use their services again if you paid me to .
1	did a great job on my pedicure and french manicure .
0	the place is dated and could use updating .
1	needed a relaxing pedicure after a hard move !
0	not so much at uptown charlotte .
1	but to be charged $ _num_ for a half butt pedicure was insane .
0	not good .
1	i have been here a handful of times for gel manicure and pedicure .
0	terrible .
1	i left very unhappy with my pedicure .
0	i do n't want to be too mean .
1	that was one of the worst pedicures ever .
0	why does pittsburgh have to be so weird ?
1	_num_ minutes later no one had come over to start my pedicure .
0	it was kind of uncomfortable .
1	turned out to be a very expensive , painful , and inconvenient pedicure .
0	the apps were good but do n't eat dinner you 'll regret it .
1	worst pedicure ever !
0	wild dogs could n't drag me back .
1	this was the worst pedicure i have ever had !
0	the pizza was just ok .
1	we had _num_ pedicures and _num_ full sets .
0	the first time we were there almost _num_ hours .
1	my friends were going to get pedicures and they were $ _num_ !
0	too late to back out .
1	i have never had this done before and i get very regular pedicures .
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	worst pedicure ever .
0	fortunately , i 'd gotten that info when i ordered .
1	i always go for acrylic nails , pedicures and brow waxing .
0	nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls .
1	i went with my friend here to get a basic pedicure and gel manicure .
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	magazine papers below your feet if you 're getting a special pedicure .
0	- none of the food was super awesome .
1	there was one other customer getting a pedicure when i arrived .
0	but we did n't have that problem until we left their lot !
1	i was a walk-in for a pedicure and was treated well .
0	linda did not call .
1	went in for a pedicure and was disappointed .
0	fine , i had a sushi craving and could n't care less .
1	i did not like the pedicure chairs at all .
0	i would not bring a spider there .
1	i have had far , far , far superior pedicures for $ _num_ .
0	it was nasty .
1	my pedicure is done in about _num_ minutes .
0	prices too high for strip district beer .
1	terrible pedicure and terrible gel nails .
0	but the reason i went was to try the lobster raviolis .
1	best pedicure and massage i 've had ( & i travel a lot ) .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	i do n't pay for a pedicure just i get nail polish put on .
0	they were very flat ... thinner than your typical frozen chicken nugget .
1	- i spent more time under the dryer than in the pedicure chair .
0	things have really slipped since then though .
1	my daughter & i went in for a pedicure .
0	waitresses do not make much of an effort .
1	i wandered in here looking for a pedicure .
0	the service , however , was terrible .
1	do n't get a pedicure .
0	they all looked at me , none greeted or walked toward me .
1	we went for pedicures and they rushed us !
0	this place is just a flat out joke .
1	i scheduled and had a pedicure here april _num_ .
0	okay , i know what you 're thinking why not just leave ?
1	i got the deluxe pedicure cuz my feet really needed it .
0	no beer either .
1	it 's the worse pedicure i have ever had !
0	why did n't they do that in the first place .
1	did n't do a good job with my pedicure .
0	if i could give less than one star , i would .
1	for pedicure 's , i would give this place _num_ stars .
0	i ca n't believe this place has n't been reviewed .
1	they did a great job with my pedicure and gel manicure .
0	most fast food places fall in the the meh category for me .
1	as for the pedicure and fill , i just was n't impressed .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	the pedicure spa was very clean but the quality was very bad .
0	everybody told me i had to try and their pancakes .
1	got a pedicure here today and it was a good experience .
0	did n't matter that our food was n't correct and our drinks were empty .
1	she was then handed off to another tech to do her pedicure .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	i 'm used to a standard pedicure lasting about _num_ minutes to an hour .
0	slow .
1	i wo n't get a pedicure here again .
0	the garbage and mail are very inconvenient .
1	i also got a pedicure and brow wax here .
0	it did n't look appetizing , nor did it actually taste appetizing .
1	best pedicures ever .
0	worse customer service ever .
1	my pedicure was amazing for just a basic pedicure .
0	none of the pastas had any flavor .
1	their pedicures are decent , nothing special but appropriately priced .
0	their prices are cheap , and our food was just ok .
1	they give the best pedicure !
0	i was hard put to give _num_ % tip to be honest .
1	to top it off , the pedicure was rushed .
0	worst steakhouse experience i have had to date !
1	she rushed through my pedicure and was looking away most of the time .
