0	your menu is n't that big !
1	he employees walk by dirty tables then people sit at them .
0	that should have been my first clue to walk away .
1	you do n't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that .
0	the hype surrounding this place will probably lead to your great disappointment .
1	i , like most people , do not answer `` unknown '' phone numbers .
0	there seems to be no consideration for customers at all .
1	when there were _num_ other counters that people could have been working .
0	kind of gross if you ask me .
1	since they apparently hire good people , hire more !
0	kind of disappointed but it was five dollars for the shrimp basket i got .
1	go to a bathroom that 's not serviced by these greedy people .
0	waitress did apologize for cup but it was too late - chose to leave .
1	many people told me to go here and i was totally disappointed !
0	went for brunch and spent $ _num_ .
1	over _num_ % of the restaurant was filled with people from our convention .
0	he tried to `` screw '' me over .
1	the joint seems to bring out a giant stack of stupid in people .
0	that reminds me - the slices are huge , and are $ _num_ .
1	these people are unbelievable !
0	when to pay is confusing .
1	went with a group of about _num_ - _num_ people on a thursday night .
0	i was not even acknowledged .
1	they need to get some help in here or people will stop coming !
0	the `` customer '' service and pharmacy are terrible at this location !
1	i prefer a crisp cold salad like most people .
0	i see the server standing right there with no response .
1	i know some people have off days but this was bad .
0	i could taste absolutely nothing from her veal .
1	there were about _num_ people crammed into the main room , paying .
0	extremely slow service !
1	think twice people before going here .
0	both were so bland i could have prepared a better version at home .
1	i will tell people not to go there and i will never go back .
0	but the situation inside is fairly ridiculous .
1	the people are rude !
0	overall not impressed .
1	they did n't let people in because they claimed the room was not ready .
0	good cheap food .
1	awful place with rude people .
0	and that its all the owners fault about the price .
1	i do n't really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother .
0	the fried chicken was pretty bland .
1	there were nine people in the bar section .
0	do not go for the pumpkin patch !
1	the restaurant was clean and the people working were friendly .
0	they tried to fix the broken telephone but were n't really successful .
1	i could n't understand why people raving about it too much .
0	pay more elsewhere for better quality .
1	it was like getting waited on by 1st job people .
0	this is a neighborhood denny 's with a bar .
1	american airlines did n't tell people that .
0	the fried chicken was straight forward .
1	breakfast was crappy and there are always shady people in the parking lot .
0	spicy crab soup did not have crab meant in it .
1	people walked in after us and were seated .
0	Neutral
1	i could feel people staring at the backs of our heads as we left .
0	going through aaa is a bit worse than your average dmv .
1	only people in the place and the waitress messed up a simple order .
0	avoid this place at all costs .
1	i ca n't believe people like this food .
0	tried to buy a book and have it shipped as a christmas present .
1	who are you people giving these stupid reviews ?
0	baked ziti is supposed to have a lot of cheese and sauce .
1	very slow night only _num_ people there .
0	seating is first come , first served .
1	do n't understand why people are obsessed with nasty fried chicken .
0	i live _num_ minutes from their location .
1	people are rude there as well .
0	the store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere .
1	i do n't think i 've ever encountered such a miserable bunch of people .
0	my other issue is their restaurants are all filthy .
1	multiple people acted really rude .
0	if you want rock bottom food , head to rock bottom .
1	just want people to understand truth in advertising .
0	i think we waited about _num_ mins , which was n't bad .
1	i will not be back to see year people again !
0	we stayed at the shadyside inn for months and spent thousands of dollars .
1	i really think people buy these cakes because they do n't know any better .
0	our waitress was very polite , though .
1	these people do not return your calls and they dont want to help you .
0	because i really want to like harris grill .
1	all the white people get to eat , we do not ?
0	why could n't they take a couple minutes and wrap our gift for us ?
1	i would not entertain having an event for any more than _num_ people .
0	owners , please stick to your business hours .
1	after $ _num_ for _num_ people , i was not impressed .
0	it costs $ _num_ for a manicure and $ _num_ for a pedicure .
1	never , ever use these incompetent people for property management .
0	that 's just nasty !
1	he knew he had issues , bad people and a huge problem .
0	it was nasty .
1	somebody teach these people some customer service .
0	the food was gross and i usually would n't say that about a place .
1	it was pretty busy and there were people everywhere .
0	am i the only one ?
1	not sure what people see here but it 's a never again .
0	hands down , this was the worst we 've ever had .
1	another mistake was sitting outside when they are trying to bring people in .
0	no additional fans , nothing .
1	the people are quite possibly the rudest i have ever met .
0	no he did n't !
1	one of the people working said that was probably because of `` renovations . ''
0	but it 's not good for longer stays or repeat visits .
1	not many people in there tonight so the selection of pizza seemed minimal tonight .
0	ugh .
1	good for kids , bad for people who appreciate good japanese food .
0	i was excited about dining at this place before _num_ minutes of frustration .
1	_num_ dollars for _num_ people .
0	the downtown office has ruined america 's best for me forever .
1	people were not kidding when they said hertz are terrible .
0	the moo shu pork was forgettable .
1	yuk , i said that 's disgusting people have to eat that .
0	we woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place .
1	the people all look like they hate their jobs and treat the customers accordingly .
0	second , the steak hoagie , it is atrocious .
1	i ca n't believe people rate this four stars on average .
0	my return is questionable .
1	people just seemed to be standing around this whole place for no reason .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	very sad that there are people out there taking advantage of per owners .
0	his poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday .
1	the wrong people are running it .
0	zero flavor , zero filling , frozen wan tons ?
1	we ended up paying $ _num_ for _num_ people without any drinks .
0	shady and terribly run nail salon .
1	i do n't understand why people love this place .
0	she never even looked at me .
1	do not use these people for your dry cleaning needs !
0	learn from my mistake .
1	how were _num_ people in the _num_ seat restaurant and one small takeout order .
0	not very tasty .
1	i could n't hear the people at my own table it was so loud .
0	but this was not what i had in mind .
1	i do n't know why people are giving it such rave reviews .
0	maybe i just had a bad day .
1	they squeezed _num_ people into _num_ small tables given the restaurant was fairly empty .
0	not going back again .
1	often see people sitting on the floor at some gates .
0	i do n't care for primanti brothers .
1	i will never order pizza from this store nor any people i know !
0	if there was a way to give no stars i would .
1	$ _num_ mistake ( _num_ people ) .
0	he make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly .
1	seared ahi tuna sandwich - _num_ people in our group got this .
0	their orange juice is never too tart , never too sweet .
1	these people are clueless .
0	yes this is also a con because i threw it away .
1	lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people !
0	i only eat the hot and sour the night we ordered our take out .
1	ok , you people need to get out of central illinois more ... .
0	too bad .
1	i do n't see why people really like this place .
0	same guy , same attitude .
1	there were maybe _num_ people there , all sitting at the bar .
0	my friend got an italian sub that was ok .
1	_num_ people behind counter but i couldnt get waited on .
0	the pot roast by comparison had no flavor whatsoever .
1	the people working there also do n't seem like they want to be there .
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	the _num_ people at the front desk ignored us when we first came in .
0	the shrimp were dry and overcooked .
1	could n't have happened to a more deserving group of people .
0	it was pasta , after all , one small serving of each .
1	honestly , there were _num_ people in the restaurant .
0	there was a list of _num_ or so entrees we could choose from .
1	on top of that these people are condescending assholes .
0	it was very , very bad .
1	_num_ people ordered wine , and the first _num_ got it in wine glasses .
0	will not be returning .
1	my husband and i are pretty patient people , but this was ridiculous .
0	it was clear servicing customers was an inconvenience to him .
1	the only people getting help in there tonight were two other guys .
0	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
1	i usually give people the benefit of the doubt but it was pretty bad .
0	the fish sandwich is bland on a generic bun .
1	it is only for people sitting at the bar .
0	rather disappointed .
1	first and far most people , i never write a bad review .
0	the bones are small and barely have any meat on them at all .
1	these people are the worst .
0	unfortunately , it appears to be very poorly managed .
1	this is the kind of coffee you serve to people you hate .
0	sure , it 's friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable .
1	rude people overall .
0	we lucked out and go on the shuttle over without waiting in the cold .
1	two different people in my office were reduced to tears .
0	this is the strip district after all with many stores for crying out loud .
1	there were maybe _num_ people around the bar .
0	i mean , empty .
1	uninspired chinese food from very nice people .
0	ca n't believe a place in _num_ does n't take cards .
1	people seem to like their pizza , so maybe go with that .
0	my friend was not rude , not disrespectful , just looking to order food .
1	i do n't even know why people like this place .
0	update - went back another time and the pizza was mediocre at best .
1	only _num_ towels for _num_ people !
0	the cab was taking forever , so we called a different company .
1	this `` chef '' is blatantly trying to rip people off .
0	i paid _num_ at my local giant eagle .
1	do not use these people , they are terrible .
0	they are not very through .
1	total of _num_ people together .
0	would not go back .
1	service was n't too bad - nice people .
0	the worst part of it all .
1	i was n't standing behind the people 's sitting at the bar .
0	go to the original pancake house about _num_ minutes away for a better breakfast .
1	seriously , all the people here have major attitude problems and need an adjustment .
0	this place makes you feel unwelcome and dumb .
1	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
0	obviously , if you choose to patronize this establishment , pay cash .
1	these people could not care less .
0	ugh .
1	do not do business with these people .
0	he said , `` no , absolutely not .
1	the food was very meh ... _num_ people dined .
0	it was my anniversary tonight , a tuesday .
1	very condescending people .
0	waiter was not thrilled to be at work on a wednesday at 5pm .
1	this is not the way to treat potential customers and just people in general .
0	they are in terrible shape .
1	no wonder it is _num_ % empty but still makes people wait .
0	at that point , i had n't put two and two together yet .
1	i would never give these people my money again .
0	this trip has no internet .
1	however , the people who run this location are entirely incompetent .
0	i would never stay in this hotel again .
1	blew my mind away , but than again i will never get people .
0	otherwise , food and prices are not worth a stop .
1	people would probably tell me that i 'm expecting too much .
0	never ever whatsoever !
1	i think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside .
0	the food just is n't that great .
1	he was very busy working on multiple people at the same time .
0	the tv was definitely a _num_ 's model .
1	the only plus , not many people showed up and good sound .
0	i guess i expected fabulous -- but everything was just good , nothing spectacular .
1	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
0	it 's disgusting .
1	_num_ stars for plate glass window people watching !
0	no desk , no real work surface but an oversized tv tray .
1	you people never fail to simply make an order correct !
0	this rink just did n't blow my mind .
1	hire _num_ more people .
0	i wish someone had informed the port authority of this .
1	what the hell is going on people ?
0	yet again , not one courtesy call , nothing resolved .
1	five people could n't see an opened table clearly behind them ?
0	no fish .
1	i do n't get why people go here just for the wings .
0	a native all my life and never been , finally went last summer .
1	i am from chicago and the people there are nicer than they were here .
0	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
1	i ca n't even understand how people came to that conclusion .
0	pancakes were not very good .
1	the worst people i have seen in the business .
0	find a better management who does n't take your money and piss on you .
1	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
0	what a disappointing easter dinner .
1	there were _num_ people total sitting at the bar including our party .
0	i was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant .
1	every interaction seems designed to make people feel awkward .
0	the fish itself was bland .
1	these people do not know what they 're doing .
0	wow ... we 're we disappointed .
1	i 'm not sure why people like this place so much .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	these people are very difficult to do business with .
0	oh , but wait until i got my bill !
1	just spent $ _num_ for two people at lunch .
0	i hate that place and everyone in it .
1	we walked in and there were already some people waiting for a table .
0	worst .
1	assistant manager says he had no way to contact delivery people for assistance .
0	the pasta is consistently overcooked .
1	i was horrified to see people in formal wear .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	the people who work here are very rude .
0	there are plenty of other bridal salons that would be much nicer and accommodating .
1	i am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort .
0	they are soggy and tasteless , maybe the worst i 've ever had .
1	dont hire these people .
0	awful service , overpriced food .
1	needless to say , we warned the next people who attempted to sit there .
0	the bed was dirty too .
1	the restaurant was probably half full of people .
0	so the max you could eat is _num_ wings .
1	horrible people .
0	but sadly , i do n't see you at all in my future .
1	the only thing that saved this store were the nice people that worked there .
0	despite the size , the flavor was lacking as well as texture .
1	there were zero other people here aside from my friend and i .
0	absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vets !
1	as though _num_ people was not enough .
0	our server was nice but rushed .
1	the people were n't friendly or helpful .
0	why did n't i have to show some email to get the free treatment ?
1	they hired people that had to be required to do certain areas correctly .
0	sucked .
1	by the time we ordered , there were _num_ other people behind us .
0	the corn bread was the only good thing in the restaurant .
1	otherwise , i really would n't recommend this place to other people .
0	pros : never a dull moment .
1	why not seat people at those tables ?
0	she stated that she would go ask to see if something could be done .
1	they get _num_ star because of all the adorable old people there .
0	customer service was a joke .
1	so disappointing that 's how people think a business should be run .
0	it should have been a clue when they were soggy .
1	the three people i dealt with were all rude and careless .
0	four star _num_ diamond yea right .
1	empty restaurant , and they would not let _num_ people sit and eat .
0	not to mention they do n't fill your drink !
1	do n't count on the people in this store to give you complete information .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	people are crazy about it but that thing tastes extremely ridiculous .
0	the total was $ _num_ and change .
1	different people wash and dry your hair .
0	_num_ stars ?
1	fish tacos - _num_ people in our party got these .
0	do yourself a favor and avoid the original fish market .
1	this company and leasing managers are racist and treat people like they are nothing .
0	i just did n't want to create a scene in front of my guest .
1	i was meeting up with _num_ other people there .
0	very rude staff .
1	needs more books and homeless people .
0	i just had such a bad experience here .
1	it tends to bring in the worst of people .
0	what a wreck .
1	we had reservations for _num_ people at 7pm this past saturday .
0	poor service .
1	the bar was two people deep so that was nearly impossible .
0	worst thai restaurant in pittsburgh .
1	there is no lobby to hold people before a show .
0	i did not receive water or any service for _num_ minutes .
1	on another note , the people at fedex were pretty nice .
0	ashley furniture will get my business from now on .
1	anybody that is not would be totally screwed by these people .
0	i do n't understand why this place think 's it has famous corned beef .
1	overall , i was not impressed with the food but liked the people .
0	asked for a manager , she never came to the table .
1	lots of angry people were getting out of their cars to investigate .
0	the variety of sauces is what gets me to come back .
1	these people are very unprofessional and rude .
0	it literally sounds like there is a major concert going on .
1	then it was loud , due to people , and the bartenders .
0	the wait for _num_ rolls and _num_ pieces of sashimi took over _num_ minutes .
1	get over yourselves people .
0	the lack of empathy was even more disturbing .
1	_num_ people in lobby waiting while wait staff stand around .
0	we ate about a quarter of the food & could n't even finish it .
1	why people go here i ca n't understand .
0	i signed up as they knocked at my door .
1	the deal is kind of fake to bring people here !
0	no taste at all .
1	always seem to be people going in and out .
0	the red sauce tasted like it was ketchup with sugar added .
1	please people do n't waste your time or money here !
0	they were also playing _num_ year old pop music really loud .
1	another waste of time , wait until people my age get old .
0	the fries were fairly soggy and otherwise par for the course .
1	there were people at one other table and i believe _num_ people on staff .
0	it was not crowded and we were seated and served promptly .
1	we were there with six people and the entire meal was a disaster .
0	over all this meal was a wash .
1	other people have arrived and walked out as well .
0	worst wait times ever , staff is inefficient .
1	maybe it 's because people have never had real cajun cuisine before .
0	_num_ .
1	i looked around and there were only _num_ other people in the entire restaurant .
0	* wasting over an hour of my time .
1	that 's not how you treat people .
0	it was god awful .
1	when i told people i was going to pittsburgh , everyone recommended primanti bros .
0	the drinks were all ice and refills were not timely .
1	nothing special - have no idea why people would rave about this .
0	they serve beer and wine !
1	needless to say some people do n't think outside the box .
0	no way .
1	everyone was working hard , they just need more people !
0	it was very cold inside the restaurant .
1	it 's like mexican food for people who do n't like mexican food .
0	eventually , i had to get my project manager to resolve this issue .
1	the small staff could just not get people to tables quickly enough !
0	i ordered a drink _num_ times and never got it .
1	- the usual crap they sell to people because they think they are idiots .
0	she was having a hard time finding my order .
1	the owner refuses to take care of black people .
0	_num_ mins .
1	two people in our party ordered chicken broccoli with fried rice and egg rolls .
0	terrible customer service and it was my birthday .
1	these people are totally incompetent .
0	giant eagle should be ashamed of this establishment .
1	are these the same people running this restaurant ?
0	it is definitely not for me .
1	just my experience , but come on people , really ?
0	it was thick and gooey and the flavor did n't wow .
1	i do n't know how people keep coming here .
