0	but quality steaks can be eaten at much better priced establishments .
1	the park is very pro smoking and pets .
0	it was n't even crowded .
1	would not ever bring my pet back at such a disorganized place .
0	no appointments available for tomorrow .
1	always a great hostess gift when you know your friends have pets .
0	went once , only due to bad weather , and would never go again .
1	this is a huge pet peeve for me .
0	tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
1	the staff is extremely friendly and gentle with your pets .
0	then all the food was cold and hard .
1	i always feel that my pets and i are treated like family .
0	no one else in the same dining room .
1	pets welcome too !
0	going downhill ... ... man , what happened to this place ?
1	i love taking my pets here .
0	he said that he could not take it and referred me to the manager .
1	horrible pet care .
0	the produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good .
1	they do n't care about you or your pet .
0	ordered a gyro and the meat was cold .
1	i recommend this wonderful clinic to anyone with a beloved pet .
0	service , small selection and mediocre food .
1	my # _num_ pet peeve in the sports bar world .
0	worst service .
1	the only good thing is they allow `` pets '' .
0	bland and overcooked .
1	the absolute best pet groomers !
0	neither of us were n't very happy about this .
1	i would not recommend taking your pet to this hospital .
0	even the orange juice was bad .
1	i got my pet 's shots here and it was kind of a nightmare .
0	he pushed me and took all the chairs .
1	come and check this place out ... your pets will thank you for it !
0	left with : big mac , medium fries , no coke .
1	pets are welcomed too !
0	we sat outside and the service was very slow .
1	from the jungle themed splash pad to the children 's park and petting zoo .
0	service was rough .
1	pet friendly patio !
0	the caesar salad was fine , but not inspiring .
1	i almost lost my life along with my beloved pets .
0	for something that took so long to get it should have been hot .
1	i highly recommend southside animal hospital for your pet needs .
0	it does nothing to support the brand of lidia .
1	if you love your pets do not take your dogs here !
0	it 's unacceptable .
1	they treat your pet and you like you really matter .
0	_num_ minutes later we were sat .
1	however , i will no longer be bringing my pets to alta vista .
0	for dinner , not that great .
1	highly recommend for any pet !
0	my night was ruined thanks to this pizza hut .
1	always take my pets here they seem to love it .
0	they then brought out two manicotti dinners which were fine .
1	recently i was having to take my pet in every week .
0	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
1	they are friendly and kind with all the pets .
0	_num_ .
1	outdoor seating , pet friendly , and the best fried chicken in charlotte !
0	was n't great .
1	great place for pets - my dog loves it .
0	if i wanted a microwave omelet i would have gone to burger king .
1	i will definitely continue to bring all my pets here .
0	just get fries and coleslaw and put it in your sandwich .
1	i really love this pet clinic .
0	the bathrooms were gross and probably never clean .
1	good pet owners do n't take their dogs to this vet !
0	_num_ .
1	the next pet we brought there didnt seem like she cared .
0	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
1	horrible place , do not take your pets .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	pet food depot is great !
0	maybe i just ate the box ?
1	they have no respect for you or your pet .
0	presentation was so so and the taste of the food was mediocre .
1	a word too the wise do n't take your pets here !
0	if you do n't have the time just go next door to the subway .
1	1st pet in mesa does !
0	)
1	would recommend to anyone with pets !
0	could have been a fluke , but i am guessing msg ?
1	charge you a pet fee when in fact you have no pets .
0	i have an awful experience .
1	if your pet is a patient , get your records and find another vet .
0	the worst dental office i ever been .
1	my pet peeve is taking _num_ minutes to pay the bill after dinner .
0	there 's no smoking inside , of course , but it always happened .
1	i have severe allergies to pets .
0	tons of garbage and food under these carts .
1	pet owners beware .
0	this place is a disaster .
1	my pet 's annual visit was over well $ _num_ .
0	not a big deal just thought it odd .
1	we really appreciated their care towards our pets .
0	the corn lacked butter .
1	pet owners do n't really clean up after their pets .
0	unacceptable .
1	this is a wonderful , full service pet salon .
0	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
1	rest assured you pet will be treated as you would treat them at home .
0	days passed and no call .
1	he was a bad pet owner so they were better off with me .
0	possibly the worst overpriced pizza there is .
1	he even talks about his own pets with you and makes the visit personable .
0	i 'm not holding up a line .
1	i highly recommend this place to any pet owners in scottsdale .
0	this would n't even qualify as pizza in north jersey .
1	i had not been back for years because we had no pets .
0	but the positives stop there .
1	best pet store ive been too .
0	do not use , awful experience !
1	i do n't even own a pet .
0	when it did , it looked ok .
1	they really understand pets and work with you and your pet .
0	i gave the management a heads up , and it was not fixed .
1	i 've been really happy with all pets .
0	i would not suggest bringing a baby here .
1	never going back , save your pet the shitty treatment .
0	terribly overrated .
1	they truly care about our pets .
0	i miss the old garden ridge .
1	they stated pet stains on the carpet .
0	thumbs down !
1	while their prices are good , i have a warning for all pet owners .
0	so no , no thank you .
1	there were _num_ other pets waiting in a fairly small waiting room .
0	i really hate this place .
1	thank you pet smart !
0	sorry , i gotten very used to no smoking i public places in pittsburgh .
1	excellent stay ... pet friendly clean hotel .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	you can tell they truly care about your pet .
0	it was n't even super busy .
1	i 'm just trying to help other pet owners with this review .
0	i sent that back , and ordered the sea bass .
1	the vets and staff have always been great in providing services for our pets .
0	main dish : long island duck - too salty .
1	do not bring your pet to this facility .
0	$ _num_ corkage fee for _num_ bottle of wine .
1	worst place to take a pet .
0	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
1	from now on my pet will see only dr. james or will go elsewhere .
0	literally they kept their heads down and refused to make eye contact .
1	ryan 's pet supplies is definitely the place to be !
0	wrong it was smaller portions at a higher price .
1	i absolutely recommend this hospital for your pets !
0	i 'm nothing if not organized .
1	highly recommend to anyone who loves their pet !
0	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
1	they are amazing and even sent me flowers after my pet passed away .
0	the team went out of their way to get us in quickly and efficiently .
1	never bring your pet to this place .
0	do not go here for waxing !
1	in an emergency you can not get your pet seen .
0	i am so disappointed .
1	do not take your beloved pet here .
0	i wasted $ _num_ for nothing because they did n't do a through job .
1	if you want to lose a pet , this is the place to call .
0	she simply said `` ok '' and walked out of the room .
1	vca is a great place to bring your pets !
0	five guy burgers much better .
1	two months later my pet died .
0	the food was absolutely gross !
1	this place does not care about your pet .
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
1	but i am only writing you to warn other pet owners .
0	as much as i hate olive garden ... i would preferred that .
1	i would definitely not take my pet there !
0	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
1	great place to take your pet !
0	refused all of those .
1	most importantly they take very good care of your pet .
0	the little bit of bacon it did have was burnt .
1	do not trust your beloved pet to this place !
0	i feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole .
1	great prices on the room & small charge for my pet .
0	its just sooo unprofessional and annoying .
1	there were no pets there but with her holding my cat i said nothing .
0	do not get married here !
1	but if you care for your pets like family , you want the best .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in ages .
1	you and your pet will love this place .
0	been here a few times now , food is mediocre at best .
1	if you have a pet , do n't live here .
0	delivery time was unimpressive .
1	do n't bring your pets here for grooming .
0	for $ _num_ plus delivery ?
1	they are the last stop if your pet has been refused everywhere else .
0	the crepe pancakes were ok , but nothing to write home about .
1	ca n't believe what we put ourselves thru for our pets .
0	the worst american version of italian food .
1	they are kind to my pets and i recommend them to others often .
0	the stylist did n't come back after a couple minutes .
1	stay far away from any of the pet stores .
0	at eat n ' park , free cookies are a staple .
1	it smells like a pet store that is n't cleaned regularly .
0	_num_ to _num_ minutes .
1	this is the best place to get anything for your pet .
0	if anyone 's had theft problems , this may be why .
1	well for this being my first stay here with my family and pet .
0	this is the worst place i 've maybe ever been to .
1	your pets are in the best of hands here !
0	and this was an early lunch with very few customers around .
1	the worst pet store in the valley .
0	there is nothing worse than someone else 's hair in your food .
1	would highly recommend this airport to anyone with pets !
0	horrible .
1	the fair has a by far better petting zoo and many areas smelled horrible .
0	the people who work here are very rude .
1	they are all so caring and love the pets .
0	absolutely a waste of time and money .
1	if we take a pet in - - it 's family !
0	i could taste absolutely nothing from her veal .
1	i 've been taking my senior dog to island pet for years .
0	i ca n't hold it against them though .
1	for years we have left our beloved pets here when we go on vacation .
0	never had problem at other locations .
1	i do not recommend that anyone leave their pet in this company 's hands .
0	waitress was ok in attitude .
1	they were friendly and had a genuine interest in our pet and his condition .
0	the main ingredients just seem to be lacking in quality .
1	the entire story has a huge selection of different pet products .
0	firstly , this place used to be free to the public .
1	do n't take your pets here .
0	please save your money and visit another store or company .
1	scam and neglected my pet .
0	if i could give it _num_ stars i would .
1	there is no care or compassion given to the pets at all !
0	so fool me once , shame on me .
1	( see photos ) they also occasionally let people in with their pets .
0	we just turned around and walked out at that point .
1	they are kind and genuinely care about the pets they treat .
0	we will never return to a ruth 's chris steakhouse .
1	they take great care of our pets here .
0	burnt chicken in the burrito .
1	you and your pet will love virginia !
0	update ... shadyside inn refunded the charges from our stay .
1	i 'd recommend him to any exotic pet parents !
0	oh , pat buses , why ca n't i quit you ?
1	fancy pets is great !
0	_num_ cents .
1	pet friendly .
0	sorry , but our pizza was cold .
1	sherry 's pampered pets should be shut down .
0	probably not .
1	they do not have separate hotel rooms for people with pets .
0	so i was appalled by a lousy not fresh dirty salad !
1	please do not adopt any pets from here until they update their standards .
0	_num_ stars .
1	fancy pets is very reliable and friendly pet groomer .
0	the other food was decent , but as i said before was cold .
1	they kill more pets for space than any other pittsburgh shelter .
0	made a one night stay $ _num_ .
1	great place for pet supplies .
0	big corporate america places only get one shot w us .
1	overall , it was a good day at the pet store .
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	if you have a pet , go stay at a super _num_ .
0	the pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though .
1	awful place , do n't take your pet there .
0	what kind of italian food has no garlic ?
1	hope your pets are happy and shiny !
0	we walked out and still nobody noticed .
1	does n't care at all about your pet .
0	it was annoying fighting the crowds to look at the certain cars .
1	they take the best care of you and your pet .
0	$ _num_ for a banana split cocktail ?
1	i would n't trust this place with any pet for any reason .
0	no host and the bartender asked if we were going to eat .
1	i will continue to bring my pet here for all his health care needs !
0	so when i got back to the office , i went online and checked .
1	what owner would be excited to know their pet was not eating .
0	a cup given with no ice and a bottle of soda ?
1	`` the staff take time to `` know '' us and our pets .
0	i chose poorly .
1	i would definitely recommend fancy pets .
0	i love bbb ; however , this location is terrible .
1	they have a huge selection and it is definatly cheaper then pet smart .
0	this hotel is a complete ripoff !
1	my major major pet peeve : _num_ for take out on the bill .
0	my biggest gripe , though , would be the overcooked scallops .
1	one said i needed a picture of my pet , the next did n't .
0	i was encouraged when we walked in and saw individual tvs on each table .
1	it is a wonderful place to take your pet .
0	the food was uninspired , tired , and ordinary .
1	definitely bringing in our other doggie thank you fancy pets !
0	[ the bad . ]
1	do not take your pets to banfield !
0	my new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank .
1	they are extremely friendly and show genuine concern for the care of your pet .
0	i will not be back to see year people again !
1	please do n't take your pet to this place .
0	it was n't even that she said it .
1	ranging from no napkins at the drive-thru ( a big pet peeve of mine !
0	the chicken was like tasteless rubber .
1	nice people , pet friendly , safe .
0	the prices are cheap , but it 's not worth it .
1	i recommend ryan 's to anyone who loves well priced pet supplies .
0	everything else was yucky .
1	petco is not where the pets go .
0	i could not even finish half of mine .
1	upon checkout the bath was not checked off on either pet .
0	not crowded but service was quite slow so i took off a star .
1	if you take your pet to blue cross you 'll be in good hands .
0	`` every christmas story ever told '' was slow and not that funny .
1	pet smart is a great store to get all your pet needs covered !
0	why in _num_ are hotels still doing this ?
1	awesome place to bring your pet in need .
0	no reply .
1	he 's truly blessed and gifted in caring for your pets .
0	the restaurant has carpet which i find off putting .
1	this is the most disgusting mobile pet grooming company in the valley .
0	unfortunately that burger was `` _num_ 'd '' ... as was her second choice .
1	our ( _num_ ) small dogs , one service and one regular pet .
0	i 've included this very depressing looking `` steak hoagie '' .
1	we used to love coming on the weekends but , no pets allowed ?
0	sadly this one did n't do that for me .
1	he cut us a deal and helped our pet chickens .
0	been here twice ; both times it was an awful experience .
1	honestly who could hate a pet friendly establishment ?
0	do not take your dog there to be groomed !
1	i will not trust this place for pet boarding .
0	why the hell are you in such a hurry '' .
1	he is very patient with the pets and people !
0	and once again , pretty nasty .
1	luckily all the pets were friendly with each other .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	i feel very comfortable taking my pets here and recommend them to others .
0	terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
1	please do not take your pets here .
0	try not to come here unless it 's for emergency .
1	you owe it to your pet , to get a second opinion .
0	_num_ . )
1	please do yourself a favor and keep your pets away from this awful man .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	excellent ice cream and great patio for pets !
0	i wo n't go back to this location .
1	my number one pet peeve is hot food coming out cold .
0	the bread was thick and doughy ( clearly a filler ) .
1	rides , games , food and animals you can feed and pet !
0	never again ... .
1	whatever you do , do n't board your pet here !
0	she just disappeared again .
1	you 've seen all my pets and i 've spent thousands over the years .
0	i 'd hate to be there when they are `` busy '' .
1	pet friendly and low cost .
0	the food on the buffet was cold and tasted old .
1	i was really impressed with the quality of care we received at 1st pet .
0	yes bread , this is not your best .
1	there were many customer dogs in the store , and nobody was petting them !
0	the meatballs were greasy and very bland .
1	they treat your pet as if it was their own .
0	a place i would go back to but not regularly .
1	a huge asset to the world of pets and their owners .
0	nothing special .
1	my wife is allergic to pets .
0	that 's an automatic star in this dead city .
1	this is a major pet peeve !
0	mine were n't made because they had the wrong size lens .
1	petco is probably my least favorite pet store to go to .
0	i would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat .
1	she is very caring and all our pets have loved her .
0	i just felt i was rushed out of there .
1	pets welcome and that was a bonus .
0	i have been there _num_ times .
1	totally amazing pet supply !
0	!
1	dr bracken genuinely cares about the health and well being of your pet .
0	i hate that place and everyone in it .
1	i would not recommend taking your pet to this office .
0	this was n't the cleanest place .
1	i genuinely feel as if they care about my pet .
0	worst customer service ever !
1	bottom line , if you love your pet , take them elsewhere .
0	i will say i still ate them so shame on me .
1	most pet owners are responsible and pic up after there pet right then .
0	delivered our desert in a to go container without us even asking !
1	i 'm sorry but that is a personal pet peeve .
0	had to send steak back twice before i just said to hell with it .
1	and it 's illegal to leave your pet in your car !
0	it 's hard to get a good chinese restaurant around pittsburgh .
1	highly recommended this place for taking your pets .
0	i agree _num_ % on maggie g 's review .
1	if you do , they will remove your pet from the property .
0	it 's not .
1	i highly recommend this clinic for all of your pets needs .
0	they were served with a side of bland , instant rice and black beans .
1	also pet friendly on the patio !
0	just saying - check your food before the waiter walks off .
1	i would n't even trust them to care for a pet rock .
0	with ron 's , you are better off considering fast food .
1	never again will i take our pets to this place .
0	the service was awful .
1	this is the place for happy pets make !
0	ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired .
1	appreciate great customer service and kindness to my pet !
0	the following week , they would call me back .
1	they are not trustworthy or loving to pets at all .
