0	highly disappointing .
1	met friends from out of state that we wanted to please .
0	the sauce tasted like sugar and the crust was bland .
1	please do n't stay this resort .
0	most indoor ranges charge by lane , not person .
1	sigh '' and her friends just walk through the kitchen as they please .
0	very very slow service and no authenticity in the meals .
1	please get your restaurant better organized .
0	there is _num_ minutes left to pick and try on dresses !
1	please someone just put them out of service already .
0	the food is n't terrible , but not impressive .
1	oh dear god , please do n't get me started on the billing issues .
0	i quickly devoured the tiny appetizer in _num_ bites .
1	please do not support a place that sells puppy mill dogs .
0	however , the sucker that i am for a deal , i got it .
1	the food quality is so bad , please avoid it at all costs .
0	disappointed .
1	please head this warning and do not take your car here !
0	not terrible .
1	we were not pleased at all .
0	as for me , i do n't think i 'll be back .
1	if anyone has any suggestions please let me know .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	someone please teach the employees here how to better scrub the toilets .
0	i ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker .
1	not pleased with the rooms .
0	but also way over prices .
1	please let me know your thoughts i am very interested to know .
0	_num_ .
1	please save yourself the aggravation and find someone else .
0	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
1	please avoid this place .
0	no way .
1	please avoid buying tickets from them if you see this post .
0	breaking off buttons then charging to put back on .
1	please do n't stay here .
0	tonight , however , was just awful .
1	please chipotle on thomas , your customers are begging you to make changes here .
0	the bill .
1	owners , please stick to your business hours .
0	they both looked old and one of them smelled old .
1	go to bbb report before go to him please .
0	rude , disrespectful jerks who should not be dealing with the public .
1	said no , table for _num_ please .
0	not clean , either .
1	me : ok , can you substitute noodles for rice , please ?
0	it just looked really sparse .
1	please do not take your pets here .
0	i felt like i spent $ _num_ for absolutely nothing .
1	please consider my story in your decision .
0	she did n't refill drinks .
1	save your money please do n't make my mistake .
0	did n't she have my slip with the card number ?
1	not to mention anyone can come and go as they please .
0	she was as useless as a tsa agent .
1	please avoid just brakes .
0	awful place , to bad i was looking forward .
1	please do n't let this great establishment go to the dogs .
0	i was disappointed .
1	please do not try to make an appointment at this office .
0	the chilli they use is worse than that mystery meat texas pete canned chilli .
1	please dont waste your money , there are better options .
0	the cheese is almost too much .
1	please check your order before you leave the driver through window .
0	it is a little overpriced even with coupons for the quality of food .
1	please consider any other company to finance a new home .
0	the pizza was simply ok .
1	please change to someone else !
0	it was not superior by any means but very nice for the average express .
1	stopped in since i was in the area not pleased at all .
0	i was sick to my stomach when i left .
1	friendly staff , just clueless on policies and pleasing the customer .
0	so far i have not found a good chinese food place here in charlotte .
1	plain dont mean please put tomatoes and bacon , onions in it .
0	this was done _num_ years ago .
1	please do not take your vehicle to them .
0	selection of veggies are ok .
1	i asked them three times to please try and they refused all three times .
0	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
1	please avoid this company at all costs .
0	tried thin man , closed .
1	out of my face please i am trying to eat here .
0	disappointed in that .
1	please try not to take your stress on other people .
0	the _num_ of us got to bar louie at 8:30 .
1	just a lost opportunity to please the customer !
0	first - the water at this establishment is disgusting .
1	please spend your money elsewhere .
0	the horrible location ?
1	please get me out of here .
0	the check-in desk was super slow during my stay there .
1	please do not waste your time , gas or money .
0	did i mention the service was bad ?
1	please do n't waste you time .
0	i made a reservation on monday to pick up some equipment on saturday .
1	to any new potential new customer out there , please be warned .
0	the food is n't terrible , either , but it 's not great .
1	please temp the food please !
0	the worst salon experience of my life .
1	me : `` please may i just have my beer ? ''
0	this place had horrible service .
1	please do not adopt any pets from here until they update their standards .
0	only _num_ people in line when arrived .
1	they would fill the water up with _num_ percent ice , refill again please .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	can we please have a new grocery store already ?
0	grilled octopus : where 's the octopus ?
1	please consider our experience with this dealership prior to your visit .
0	i also ordered provolone sticks which also did not taste good .
1	please , do not waste your time and money .
0	hostess was extremely unprofessional and rude !
1	please think twice before you waste your time here .
0	it was around 11:30 and the restaurant was mostly empty .
1	please , save yourself money and time .
0	they kill more pets for space than any other pittsburgh shelter .
1	please do n't waste money here.
0	egg rolls , wonton soup were not good .
1	please avoid at all costs and spread the word .
0	we ordered the `` pitt burger '' and boy was it disappointing .
1	i 'm not difficult to please .
0	i have had better seafood elsewhere .
1	please do not give them business .
0	after sitting there and being ignored for _num_ minutes we just left !
1	do n't go there , and please tell all your friends .
0	_num_ weeks later , no title ?
1	i beg you please do n't move here !
0	_num_ more minutes for drinks , and to order .
1	i said no , please , no tomatoes .
0	it 's bad .
1	said not interested , please put it back on .
0	there was no attendant at the booth when we left .
1	please do not use this company .
0	omg , the cheese cake ( at $ _num_ ) was very dry .
1	i rate denny 's a _num_ out of _num_ and please read why .
0	the service , in my opinion , is often quite rude .
1	please skip this place ... ... .
0	really do n't get the high praise for their pizza .
1	please do me favor do not go there for an oil change .
0	unfortunately for olive or twist , the visit would probably be our last .
1	if you do n't know about the car , please just wash it only .
0	very disappointed that this is the only photo store in the city .
1	please , do n't stay here .
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	please avoid this place at all costs .
0	i think i chose wrong .
1	please accept it as a zero !
0	what was originally an average lowe 's has turned into lowe 's hell .
1	and please tell me why the hell i 'm paying for your football stadium .
0	however , each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller .
1	his look made it obvious that my waiting did not please him .
0	everything else , avoid .
1	please reset the times that the fries sit out .
0	there were five very small shrimp on the plate .
1	please do n't take your pet to this place .
0	sorry that i did n't feel like waiting for three other customers .
1	please do n't burn the burgers .
0	i can guarantee you we will not be wasting our time in this theater .
1	called to complain and kept getting the ' hold please , so sorry routine .
0	but i really would n't recommend going there .
1	please save your self time and pain and just do n't go here .
0	the bread is the best part , which is really sad .
1	not pleased at all .
0	i was seated and served a complimentary salad .
1	if you want loud , ask for lindsay she will be sure to please !
0	my co-worker 's chicken was n't cooked right .
1	please do not eat there .
0	_num_ sides came out late .
1	please do n't take this cab co. it really is that bad .
0	the steak was ice cold .
1	no fake long conversations please .
0	waited _num_ minutes before someone asked if we needed something .
1	please be advised that the bad reviews are indeed true .
0	at that point , i had n't put two and two together yet .
1	do n't support this business please .
0	trust the reviews , it 's not worth the wait or the money !
1	please tell your employees they are not actually doing the guest any favors .
0	slow service , horrible , horrible food .
1	please go else where for your sushi and japanese needs .
0	a simple `` sorry for the wait '' would have been nice .
1	please take all of these negative reviews seriously because they are valid .
0	my new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank .
1	please do n't make the same mistake we did .
0	i 'm very disappointed to say this place has gone down hill .
1	please beware and do n't ignore these complaints like i did .
0	plus the bread was poor quality .
1	please hire a waitress that has a brain and is n't slow !
0	how the heck do you get that order wrong ?
1	please be warned , before eating here .
0	otherwise , you are better off skipping it .
1	please stay away from this place .
0	i went here after a car accident that was not my fault .
1	please avoid at all costs !
0	they just lost a loyal customer ... never again .
1	please do n't forget , service starts within your restaurant .
0	never had problem at other locations .
1	an employee greeted me and i said , `` just one , please '' .
0	but for those considering a long distance purchase , just beware a bit .
1	i frequently visit ulta for all my hair products and have always been pleased .
0	she then disappeared for _num_ minutes before coming back to take a food order .
1	please save your money and your taste buds !
0	we ordered wings and pierogies for appetizers , for which we waited _num_ minutes .
1	please if you come in a group avoid this place .
0	getting on and off is confusing .
1	worst place ever please read .
0	* no shopping carts .
1	for all of you , please be warned .
0	the thing is the fish does not taste fresh at all !
1	do n't make my mistake , please stay away from this place .
0	is n't that what baked ziti is ?
1	please do not waste your time or your hard earned money with these people .
0	i do n't need to receive attitude from a receptionist .
1	so disappointed because of the great reviews given on check please az .
0	in all , it 's really nothing special , just very basic .
1	not please back later but `` no ! ''
0	staff is rude .
1	please believe me when i say this place servers the worst crappy food .
0	and sure enough , cue tuesday -- no call .
1	please do n't make the same mistake i did .
0	they even screwed my order .
1	please be warned before coming here .
0	we were willing to try again , so we went for dinner tonight .
1	no vegan desert option for me ( fresh fruit option , please ?
0	my husband and i went to buffalo blues last night .
1	clean when your customers are gone please ... my final star off for that .
0	needless to say i have n't been back but would recommend in a jam .
1	please stay away and spend your money somewhere else !
0	the pizza was bland , tasteless .
1	please do not give them your business .
0	the service was okay , they were really nice and never rude .
1	please ensure drinks are n't sitting for close to ten minutes .
0	but then i had to wait more than _num_ minutes to get my food .
1	i said oil change please , he said where 's you car ?
0	this place is not worth the price !
1	please go somewhere else do n't waste your time .
0	not worth the time and money to go here .
1	please stay away from # _num_ under appetizers .
0	but this location puts the name to shame .
1	please if you are in charge there please fire her she is horrible !
0	it made me kind of sad .
1	no beans , just rice please .
0	the red sauce tasted like it was ketchup with sugar added .
1	please do n't waste your time .
0	the food was lousy .
1	please save yourself a trip and get a wax service done elsewhere !
0	no one came or even looked at us .
1	whatever you do please do not buy a puppy from here !
0	that was not a real latte .
1	please fix this , its seriously annoying .
0	unless she is really trying to take over the olive garden market .
1	i repeated again no and to please get away from my car .
0	apparently old cookies are standard here .
1	_num_ stars please .
0	but the worse is the pasta trio .
1	please save yourself some money and do n't eat there .
0	my salad came out shortly after the appetizer sliders .
1	please do n't waste your money !
0	does n't seem like good customer service .
1	the last take-out pie we got was less than pleasing to the eye .
0	they completely ignored us so we got up and left .
1	please do n't waste your money here !
0	the manager claims he is very helpful ?
1	please do not go to see this doctor .
0	i hate this place .
1	please people do n't waste your time or money here !
0	unfortunately the worst possible thing has happened .
1	please stay away from this place they are very dishonest and rude .
0	this is a neighborhood denny 's with a bar .
1	please pay attention to the negative reviews before you experience carmel family physicians .
0	could n't do that !
1	please feel free to contact me before you consider renting here .
0	not at this location .
1	please do n't spend your money here .
0	i would not recommend this company to anyone ever .
1	please , if nothing else , clean that place before someone really gets sick !
0	i hate to rate a local shop down , but man my toes hurt .
1	please tell me how i am supposed to know where take out is .
0	my experience here was not great at all .
1	please do n't waste time or money .
0	_num_ per person not worth it .
1	please , i repeat please do not bring your child here .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	please do n't bring business to this terrible woman you will thank me later !
0	the downside : the alterations were very expensive and very poorly done .
1	was not pleased at all .
0	we were seated , and had to wait awhile for service .
1	please do n't waste your time or money !
0	owners should know how they are being represented at the front register .
1	please do not go to this salon .
0	they are not very through .
1	pinnacle please let me break my lease .
0	did n't get any refills .
1	please , i would like to know .
0	the crab cakes were definitely frozen , and not made from blue crab .
1	please do not patronize this business .
0	it tasted like nothing .
1	before renting an apartment here , please check it out for yourself .
0	the only thing that saved this store were the nice people that worked there .
1	please please do n't waste your money here .
0	lo and behold at _num_ minutes it comes out .
1	please do not use this location .
0	i was wrong .
1	please people , do not purchase your vehicle from carmax west sahara or henderson .
0	i would n't recommend them to anyone .
1	overall , the experience was not very pleasing .
0	everything was just bland and disappointing .
1	please do not support this shady ass place the will rip you off .
0	this place went from awesome to worst after it changed owners .
1	please do not stay here .
0	i 'm not a beer drinking novice .
1	please do not make the same mistake i made .
0	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
1	not pleased with all the hidden costs behind my hair color service .
0	very hit or miss place .
1	to which the guy said , oh please , you 'll be back .
0	however , i 'm mainly rating their food and service .
1	please tell me the owners are not really greek .
0	the coffee 's terrible .
1	so avoid her please .
0	i would highly encourage others to go elsewhere .
1	please do n't waste your money .
0	no way .
1	please save your money and visit another store or company .
0	it was terrible waiting in line , but it moved quickly .
1	please that is bad business practices .
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	to anyone who reads this , please read the ten filtered post .
0	no thanks .
1	i am begging anyone considering this place please please run away !
0	if your seeking genuine medical attention i would strongly suggest another facility .
1	please ... .
0	i again had offended by my request .
1	please know that i hate leaving bad reviews .
0	the walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass .
1	please avoid this microwave italian food !
0	just got back from dinner which took over _num_ hrs .
1	please be aware do not do business with this company after _num_ pm .
0	i poured my own wine refills .
1	please avoid this restaurant !
0	one star because zero was n't an option .
1	its _num_ , please stop being cheap and have paper towels in the bathroom .
0	i wo n't be coming here again .
1	i warn anyone who wants to eat here , please stay away .
0	_num_ .
1	what a mistake , please do not make this one when you remodel .
0	this apple is too green to eat much less pay for .
1	please do not buy fish from this store they will rip you off .
0	upon arriving i immediately did n't feel welcome .
1	not pleased at all with their professionalism .
0	the specials and menu prices are apparently wrong .
1	please start cleaning the bathrooms and take out the trash !
0	when the oysters came out , they did n't even look like oysters .
1	please do n't try going here , because it 's not there .
0	the only thing this place has going for itself is the decor .
1	no carrying in shooting range , please !
0	i am sad to report that this too was tasteless .
1	please , do n't bring your car here .
0	a number of the reviews here giving off the `` eh '' vibe ?
1	please , do not give these people your business !
0	_num_ .
1	again , please yelp i do n't want to leave a star !
0	now i 'm sad , real sad .
1	warning : please do not get your nails done here .
0	came in for a quick bite to eat on a sunday for lunch .
1	please avoid it at all costs .
0	where do you find apples and feta cheese with no taste ?
1	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
0	another disappointment .
1	target , please get self checkout .
0	what a joke of a company .
1	please comment and follow me for more reviews !
0	lidia should spend more time in her restaurants to see first hand .
1	please dont waste your money .
0	my eyebrow still has n't grown back to its normal shape .
1	if you are selling a car please check around to get a better deal .
0	first of all , the pie had almost no real flavor .
1	please do n't ever come this hospital it sucks .
0	the drinks and salads are also soooo pricey .
1	they were all edible but not very pleasing to the palate .
0	our entrees , dessert and coffee all came out at different times .
1	yep they really know how to please a costumer of _num_ years .
0	so - they 've lost a customer - a platinum customer .
1	please do n't waste your money here .
0	waited _num_ minutes for two glasses of wine .
1	please do not see this vet .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the lobster roll sandwich .
1	please do yourself a favor and avoid this airport .
0	do n't try to stay when the experience is that bad .
1	please dont waste your time or money going here !
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	sure , i would like _num_ slices with sausage to go please .
0	gross !
1	i expressed my disappointment and said please do what you need to do .
0	waste of time .
1	please do not support dragon bowl and take your business elsewhere .
0	then i tasted it and knew it went bad and they cooked it anyway .
1	please ... take your hard earned money elsewhere .
0	apparently it 's supposed to be `` loaded '' with roasted chicken .
1	please ... that is a lie it is not .
0	things have really slipped since then though .
1	please do n't waste your money as it was extremely disappointing .
