0	zero stars for price .
1	at this point i was really annoyed .
0	we were seated quickly for a friday night and the server was fine .
1	at this point , unfortunately , it does not get any better .
0	for the entree , i ordered rigatoni and my fiance had baked ziti .
1	by this point we 've been waiting for _num_ minutes .
0	i 'm not holding up a line .
1	i could say lot more , but you get the point .
0	therefore they installer never made it to my apartment .
1	never getting out of their seats at any point of our visit .
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	at this point i ca n't even get a return call .
0	we quickly found out why .
1	at this point , offering a drink or dessert would have been thoughtful .
0	the food was very poor .
1	the flight was leaving in _num_ minutes at this point .
0	zero stars .
1	there were signs at the entry pointing wedding guests where they should go .
0	grilled cheese , salad and a quesadilla should n't take that long .
1	cool , no biggie , but no points for hospitality there .
0	terrible tuxedo rentals !
1	one of the times , they went right past me at the meeting point .
0	and it seems like everybody that goes in there are trashy and rude .
1	granted , she was a bitch , but a bitch with a valid point .
0	they place no value on customer satisfaction .
1	at this point , my patience are very thin .
0	was there for over _num_ hours because service was so incredibly slow .
1	i do n't care what happened we just needed the dresses at this point .
0	anything to acknowledge an unacceptable wait time .
1	at this point i 'd rather pay more at whole foods .
0	i am so disappointed .
1	i was quite turned off to the whole experience at this point .
0	this visit was n't horrible , but definitely kinda unpleasant .
1	it sure ai n't money baby any more or on point .
0	i am definitely disappointed .
1	( at this point i was n't mad , just wanted to leave ) .
0	my husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked .
1	i really was sold at one point .
0	in my opinion , the is a prime example of a bad shadyside bar .
1	at no point did anyone contact me and tell me if i even qualified .
0	the only reason i gave it a _num_ is because the steak was good .
1	the low point lately has been the food .
0	i pretty much hate this hotel .
1	you get the point - do n't wait , buy now at any cost !
0	i only gave them _num_ stars because the pizza itself was pretty good .
1	i paid $ _num_ for two bottles of pbr at this point .
0	i had to pay $ _num_ to add cheese to the hoagie .
1	at this point , it becomes pretty apparent we 've been lied to .
0	good place _num_ a large group to drink get apps tho .
1	i do n't care about the price at this point .
0	she did n't massage anything .
1	security check point is also slow .
0	my friends had left this woman at least a _num_ % tip .
1	despite that being pointed out by several people , nothing changes .
0	in addition , one server working there was really rude and had bad attitude .
1	i could 've made my own chicken dinner at that point .
0	it ruined our first visit in charlotte .
1	probably all americanized chinese food is an embarrassment , but you get my point .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	the points are a waste .
0	i needed a cut so i went for it anyway .
1	we were so hungry by that point , we just ate whatever we could .
0	not good .
1	chicken was grilled at some point ( grill marks ) and was very dry .
0	nothing special .
1	this has gone to the point of absurd .
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	the price point was ridiculous as well .
0	you also used pay phones because you did n't have a cell phone .
1	at this price point , i can think of several much better steak houses !
0	too bad after all these prior good reviews .
1	it 's come to the point that i avoid this place if i can .
0	oh wait though .
1	another patron complimented me on the points i made to tom , the manager .
0	but i already had a bad taste in my mouth .
1	at this point , i do n't even expect to get my deposit back .
0	so we called back and asked for our money back .
1	at that point , my wife flagged down the host who took our order .
0	when i walked in i gave them my name and paid for my order .
1	a sentence that feels like a lie at this point .
0	i never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be .
1	at this point i was so annoyed and tired and wanted to leave .
0	i was quoted $ _num_ for them to get it off .
1	at this point , it 's just overpriced greasy food .
0	i have never been treated that way with any owner of a business .
1	but we never let the house get to a point of disaster .
0	the pasta a bit dry and bland as well .
1	it did n't taste fresh , almost frozen at one point and microwaved .
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	i should n't have to ask for napkins at the point of need .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	at this point i am so frustrated !
0	both were crappy , at best .
1	at _num_ minutes we complained and at that point we were served drinks .
0	there are just too many misses in my book though .
1	when i pointed out the dirt the attendant handed me a rag .
0	had to wait _num_ minutes before our waiter to even acknowledge us .
1	well , it does get one from point a to point b in pittsburgh .
0	i 'd give it zero stars if i could .
1	drink , but whats the point if it sucks .
0	furthermore , the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par .
1	it 's just a numbers thing at this point .
0	i get it , you wan na have a mom and pop shop .
1	go in summer or no point in going .
0	they said they had an appointment to taste wedding cakes .
1	i just was speechless at this point .
0	we usually have _num_ but we ran out of _num_ today . ''
1	not really in a rush to go back ever at this point .
0	it should n't be this way .
1	at no point does the manager come by to check on us .
0	this is a depressing coffee shop .
1	at that point , i paid for my box of chocolates .
0	my date ordered a hot sausage hoagie .
1	i reached my breaking point and called asking to speak with a manager .
0	never going back .
1	this is the point where i should have ran for the exit .
0	and i do n't even mean refilling your drink .
1	i pointed out that she stopped me as i was walking out the door .
0	nothing tasted bad but it was way too expensive .
1	at this point i was angry .
0	the bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time .
1	at which point we left & drove through in n out .
0	the outside was filthy with trash all over .
1	i would never ever let my restaurant get to that point .
0	stopped by sunday morning .
1	so what was the point in an app ?
0	and i hate wasting food !
1	since i was pretty hungry at that point , the appetizer disappeared quickly .
0	so , why such a low score ?
1	the lighting on the restaurant side is poor , so they lose points there .
0	do n't believe the hype .
1	unfortunately , it was downhill from the point we got our food .
0	our food was just average , nothing special .
1	( at this point , i was slightly annoyed ) .
0	absolutely no problems .
1	at this point , i am so angry i can barely see straight .
0	ordered the lobster mac n cheese as an appetizer .
1	at this point , i should of left .
0	stay far away from this place .
1	minus a point for his lame joke about it costing $ _num_ .
0	for my car the average oil change runs about $ _num_ .
1	they should close it down at this point .
0	finally , we just said thanks , but no thanks and left .
1	the seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible .
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	at this point i shrugged and took out some cash .
0	while we are talking about the meat - why use this garbage ?
1	at this point , the damage was already done .
0	i order the jack daniel 's chicken and shrimp with just fries .
1	and points off for cutting out indoor smoking .
0	`` hello , sir .
1	so at this point i did n't even want to be there .
0	maybe the hot dog is cold , but the chili is hot .
1	i thought at one point i may have gotten duck or something .
0	unfortunately we did not .
1	despite pointing out the problem , she never did do anything about that .
0	and they got my order wrong .
1	at that point our drinks were empty .
0	she then told me it only comes with cheese .
1	the construction is getting ridiculous at this point .
0	there is no grass on the range .
1	salsa was soo small there was no point .
0	do n't take it out on the person they are incorrectly calling .
1	so while standing outside the door and rather upset at this point .
0	to compare this place to the famous sandwich places is nyc is a joke .
1	i 'm more of a bagel guy myself but that was n't the point .
0	but , our waitress was helpful , and our food came out pretty quickly .
1	property seems extremely understaffed for this price point .
0	no .
1	extremely dissapointed does n't begin to describe my feelings at this point .
0	i 'm still trying to figure out how one manages to burn noodles .
1	the last person i 'll point out is , i think , larry .
0	well they delayed the change for _num_ weeks so they could collect more longer .
1	by that point i was already over my _num_ minute lunch break .
0	where do you find apples and feta cheese with no taste ?
1	until then , there is no point in shopping here .
0	we stopped going after we got some serious attitude from our waiter .
1	he was very friendly but it was to the point of intrusive .
0	completely unprofessional and ridiculous .
1	at this point i really had to use the restroom .
0	but this place is downright disgusting .
1	at that point they lost me and it only got worse .
0	the food just is n't that great .
1	in fact , i had to point out that the pants were not lined .
0	and there was no alcohol in it .
1	it was unacceptable , almost to the point of making me sick !
0	booked an appointment , and they fixed the issue .
1	at this point , i was beyond pissed by this dishonest act .
0	she served us our drinks then immediately left for another table .
1	the saving grace for blue fin are the portions and price point .
0	there did n't seem to be any seasoning of the meat whatsoever .
1	unfortunately , that was the high point of this service .
0	the food is poor .
1	the really really low point of the meal was the desert .
0	certainly , this was not worth the $ _num_ price .
1	at that point they refused to serve us alcohol .
0	interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already .
1	is n't the point of your establishment is to enjoy food and drinks ?
0	extremely rude lady works there on sundays .
1	but just continued to argue the point but would not try it .
0	i wish i could give this place no stars !
1	the two stars are bonus points , but it gets the basics wrong .
0	this place is awful .
1	at this point we still had not seen our server .
0	further , there did n't seem to be any seasoning on the steak .
1	sunday afternoon and they only had _num_ check points open in terminal four .
0	just do n't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds .
1	at this point they were open and would be for another hour .
0	store is open until 2:00 .
1	almost to the point of being too much .
0	annoying ?
1	if your a non smoker , it could also be a selling point .
0	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
1	needless to say at this point i am extremely frustrated and getting mad .
0	such a shame about this place .
1	at this point , we both lost our appetite .
0	i ordered the chicken parm pasta and got it to go to my room .
1	which brings me to my third point , the service was pretty bad .
0	the buses smell like urine .
1	at this point we still had not ordered out entrees .
0	no waitress no one else walking around .
1	it 's to the point where we wo n't even go in there anymore .
0	also , the toppings were not greatly blended , just rather sprinkled .
1	he was the worst person i could have spoken to at this point .
0	the remaining slices got tossed in the garbage .
1	at this point i did n't know that it was the wrong player .
0	this stuff tasted like really cheap , bad , ranch dressing .
1	i pointed out that my fries were cold .
0	it 's noisy , crowded , disorganized , and there are not enough waiters .
1	pointed out the problem and asked them if they would eat something like that .
0	went with _num_ others for a weeknight dinner .
1	at one point i was switching the dresses out myself .
0	nothing updated , nothing new , nothing fresh .
1	at this point we had n't complained .
0	the soup was steaming hot and its primary flavor was salt .
1	at that point i 'm never coming back .
0	i ate at this restaurant last night with three dining companions .
1	here 's the bad points .
0	the food at thai cuisine is more pitiful than my sense of direction .
1	at this point i am mad and it takes alot to make me mad .
0	overcooked and dry , dry , dry .
1	however , the sound was ridiculously loud to the point of hurting your ears .
0	the bed was comfortable enough and the room was mostly clean .
1	at this point i was frustrated and ready to walk out .
0	nothing changes even when they are n't busy .
1	so it lost a cleanliness point for me .
0	if you use a teller you get charged $ _num_ for the month .
1	i was so pissed at this point i just left .
0	service is not friendly .
1	that is just poor taste from a service stand point .
0	we did n't see him again until after our food was brought to us .
1	at this point i knew that something was n't right .
0	( _num_ minutes of this ) .
1	when i pointed it out to the waitress , she just shrugged .
0	i only went here because i had a groupon .
1	at one point , the bartender went from merely okay to completely unprofessional .
0	my biggest complaint is that our shower was n't clean .
1	i was extremely upset at this point and just left .
0	thai corn soup jumbo crab ?
1	we just turned around and walked out at that point .
0	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
1	at that point i was ready to leave .
0	Negative
1	i point out that there 's no info on that sheet either .
0	i ordered the turkey blt with lemon aioli and arugula salad .
1	it was _num_ at that point .
0	if you are going to order something , i would go with the pizza .
1	i was starving so at this point i just made do .
0	awful customer service , rude and poorly managed .
1	did n't touch the inside of the windshield until i pointed it out .
0	i threw my mean in the garbage .
1	the point is , that when i went there , they started from scratch .
0	i would gladly give less than one star , alas , not possible !
1	at that point , she said i 'll grab you water and bread .
0	the only waitress i 've had there is pretty rude .
1	as others have pointed out , the salsa is terrible .
0	i assumed it was leaking and brushed it off .
1	i pointed out that there is a grocery store within walking distance .
0	pretty obvious the waitress did n't know the table numbers .
1	at this point , i am super hungry and getting a little frustrated .
0	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a lot more flavor .
1	i dread it at this point .
0	when the bill comes , it is _num_ dollars .
1	it 's come to the point that urgent care has become her primary place .
0	plus , cold rude staff .
1	but getting to that point was one disaster after another .
0	nothing more , and nothing less .
1	at this point i was so over the experience entirely .
0	no drafts or specials on a friday when we got there at _num_ .
1	at this point i 'm done .
0	the beer was pretty good , but the food was a real disappointment .
1	was too tired to care at that point so we stayed .
0	while it was ok , it was n't great .
1	at this point i 'm tired of hearing that .
0	horrible !
1	at this point , i drove to my local ford dealership .
0	they were not fresh , or cleaned very well .
1	from that point on , our experience was unbelievably bad .
0	we also ordered max 's famous reuben , nothing famous about it .
1	she was very rude and quick to the point .
0	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
1	at this point about _num_ % of the work was done .
0	this was one of the most disgusting restaurants ive ever been in .
1	my wife pointed out a dead cockroach as we were about to leave .
0	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
1	no do n't care about points , no !
0	it really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients .
1	it was over cooked to the point of a leather consistency .
0	the potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall .
1	the staff however , exceptionally rude to the point i called corporate .
0	now i 'm sad , real sad .
1	and weather was not a problem at that point .
0	so incompetent i did not even get a chance to rate the actual service .
1	it 's a shame , too because the ingredients were on point .
0	would never consider going back .
1	a number of points during the experience rubbed me the wrong way .
0	ate at this resturant while on a business trip .
1	closed to the point of even the outside lights being off .
0	wo n't be going back even though the bagels are okay .
1	at that point , i had n't put two and two together yet .
0	prices too high for strip district beer .
1	sit down and the sandwich is overcooked to the point of being rubber .
0	the olives were even disgusting -- how do you mess up olives ?
1	it has been _num_ months at this point .
0	they drowned my salad in ranch dressing and cheese ... .
1	my stomach had turned at this point so i said `` no . ''
0	i will not be coming back .
1	at this point we are more then ready to leave and never come back .
0	almost three days later , i had n't heard back from them .
1	when i pointed out to him on this , he got mad at me .
0	the meat was so tough , i gave up after a few pieces .
1	at that point i carried our menus in and explained why we were leaving .
0	owner is a terrible terrible person .
1	for a slow period , communication should be on point .
0	i 've had the fried oysters before , and they were pretty good .
1	i rented a car with this location as the drop off point .
0	our chicken was flavorless and rubbery .
1	( of course my hubby would point out they had old tvs too . )
0	terrible .
1	at this point , one star is being generous .
0	however , the last few times we have been there it has been terrible .
1	and why was that girl at the security check point such a miserable bitch ?
0	i could n't taste salt , pepper , garlic , anything .
1	food was good , not the service i expect at its price point .
0	it does n't even have to be memorable ... just not offensive .
1	by this point i was so over it i just wanted to leave .
0	bathrooms way too small i had to dry off outside the bathroom .
1	i was so mad at that point .
0	checkin was seamless as it should be .
1	there 's no way of knowing you really checked everyone at this point .
0	the service was not that professional !
1	at that point he was offered several tee times by courtney .
0	actually just had an awful experience with a manager named chris .
1	as for the food the chips and salsa were on point .
0	no offer of water , or a drink .
1	but my low point is for the service .
0	the pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible .
1	we used our reward points to get $ _num_ off .
0	way too much hype for such underwhelming food .
1	we had n't even explained our issue by that point .
0	they were sold out at 2:00 pm on a thursday .
1	they push drinks and deserts to the point of being obnoxious .
0	very dim lighting somewhere between romantic and creepy .
1	but again , i was starving at this point so i took it down .
0	neither of us touched our dinner , we were afraid to eat it .
1	i wasnt expecting whole foods , but really , whats the point ?
0	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
1	at this point , we just want to pick it up .
0	the restaurant was worse for breakfast .
1	the chimichangas were on point though .
0	omg what a nightmare .
1	at one point she actually yelled at me for having my hand too stiff .
0	rude .
1	i knew i was wasting my time at this point .
0	Neutral
1	at this point myself , and a few other people got refunds and left .
0	after standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check .
1	at this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter .
0	unfortunately the food was not .
1	i pointed out the mistake and she apologized and took it back .
0	the only good thing is that the drinks are cheap .
1	my overall point is just be careful working with them .
0	the food was not bad but it was not good .
1	now i 'm unable to get the points on my reservation .
0	they can not even cook edamame , it was undercooked and cold .
1	by this point i 'm drenched in sweat and need a drink .
0	it was bad in every way it could be bad .
1	i think i 'm probably done with the chain at this point .
0	i dunno .
1	this used to be my regular drop off point after work .
0	see pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry .
1	however , it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool .
0	the main courses are extremely overpriced ( not unusual for walnut st. ) .
1	at one point , we had a roach problem .
0	service and products are lackluster .
1	he 's super pissed at this point .
0	they also rushed me during my final fitting .
1	my point is , they have _num_ drink craftsmanship .
0	the lamb burger was also overcooked .
1	the motel is old point blank .
