0	terrible .
1	much better burgers and sandwiches in madison for a much more reasonable price .
0	but the positives stop there .
1	however , the crepes are extremely over price .
0	so we called back and asked for our money back .
1	add that to the place , the staff , the price - go elsewhere .
0	it is cheap food , and you get what you pay for .
1	get your wallet ready , the prices are crazy high !
0	sunday went by then monday went by .
1	i would not pay full price , and i would not return .
0	_num_ cents per slice for every topping ?
1	i really hate the selection here and the prices are higher than other 's .
0	the frozen carmel coffee drink was much better than fruit smoothie .
1	same sandwhich never costs the same price .
0	both the waitress and the bartender were extremely rude .
1	... hey , how about you just lower your frickin ' prices ?
0	plus they have the worst presentation ever !
1	very low quality food for the price .
0	i ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard .
1	food is over priced and not very good .
0	then all the food was cold and hard .
1	and the food was not worth the price i paid for it .
0	we just turned around and walked out at that point .
1	i know chains tend to be more expensive but this price difference was unreal .
0	i 've eaten here several times and they are not very flexible .
1	probably give it another shot but not my first choice considering the prices .
0	this was such an absolutely horribly disappointment of a restaurant .
1	my issue was the price , $ _num_ .
0	it was just as lousy as the lunch .
1	but quality steaks can be eaten at much better priced establishments .
0	i 'm _num_ .
1	drink specials are a scam , no price listed on their specialty drinks .
0	i was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat .
1	too over priced for mani and pedi .
0	the golden palace buffet is bad , but at least edible .
1	this trip was bad , even for the price .
0	this is not a really cool hang out .
1	not even worth the price !
0	overall just a really bad experience .
1	if i asked the price , she did n't know and did n't look .
0	unacceptable .
1	it is now grossly over priced .
0	place sucks .
1	prices too high for strip district beer .
0	so far really slow food service .
1	it restaurants are over prices for a state that ends in carolina .
0	fuck that i do n't need to be disrespected like that .
1	the prices are cheap , but it 's not worth it .
0	ok , i 'm in !
1	needless to say , that price is ridiculous !
0	but there was no one there .
1	first time great and reasonably priced for fries , boneless buffalo wings and dips .
0	i do not like this company !
1	i ended up buying american tires for the same price elsewhere .
0	i 'd go back for bottled beer , that 's about it .
1	fyi - prices are scheduled to go up jan _num_ _num_ .
0	however , i 'm mainly rating their food and service .
1	not to mention the price was about $ _num_ .
0	all noodle , no filler .
1	overall the portion to price ratio is poor .
0	too bad the food was n't good .
1	everything is basic with a large price tag .
0	it was a total disappointment for me .
1	i then recieved the bill the next month and the price had no change .
0	hostess was extremely unprofessional and rude !
1	i was n't too bothered , as it rang up clearance price .
0	food is mediocre service is lousy .
1	the high prices and poor treatment do n't add up .
0	she claimed they did n't deliver to his address which was _num_ mile away .
1	prices are n't great for what you 're getting .
0	description said grain mustard cole slaw and pickles .
1	the prices on the menu do n't seem that bad .
0	she did n't listen at all .
1	the price was extremely high for food that was bland and not impressive .
0	grilled cheese , salad and a quesadilla should n't take that long .
1	they have minimal selection and the prices are nothing to get excited about .
0	not one said i will be your server i will be with you shortly .
1	the food was not great and not worth the price at all .
0	outside of that bar louie leaves a lot to be desired .
1	the prices here can be ridiculous .
0	what a disappointment !
1	nothing really special & not worthy of the $ _num_ price tag .
0	in addition , they offered me tea , coffee , or water .
1	as for the food , price does not fit the quality or size .
0	my daughter ordered the fettuccine alfredo and it was quite bland .
1	wrong it was smaller portions at a higher price .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	i do n't know prices .
0	the bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion .
1	for an annual , the price was outrageous .
0	then there 's the main restaurant that i really was n't that impressed with .
1	needless to say , very disappointing , not worth the hefty price tag .
0	my eyebrow still has n't grown back to its normal shape .
1	and beware of the prices : what 's on the website is wrong .
0	_num_ hours to find the cold remedy i wanted .
1	is it me or have the prices at garden ridge gotten ridiculously high ?
0	know your customers , bring back the stew .
1	it 's pricing itself out of madison .
0	there was no mole sauce as described in the dish .
1	prices were inflated for a limited valentines day menu .
0	it 's now 8:30 and still not even close to dessert .
1	items do n't have price tags .
0	come now , i barely drink alcohol .
1	the specials and menu prices are apparently wrong .
0	customer service was poor and unfriendly .
1	the meals are over priced and just ok in terms of quality .
0	i pushed it away ugh !
1	i mean thats absurd to charge these prices !
0	i will not go again .
1	at $ _num_ for a taco , the price was awesome .
0	we finally got our money back , we did n't even eat the food .
1	and be sure to check the prices at the register !
0	the bloody mary was completely disgusting .
1	prices were okay , but no great bargain .
0	bartender came back quickly with what looked like watered down lemonade .
1	high prices , horrible service !
0	_num_ .
1	prices were not listed on that daily special menu sheet either .
0	i left , and do n't intend to return .
1	quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price .
0	finally , we felt like the whole restaurant clientele has declined .
1	this place is way over priced .
0	unbelievable .
1	i do n't pay such a high price for ambiance .
0	i do n't have time for this , i 'm very busy '' .
1	receive my check to find out it was all full price .
0	nails looked nice but only lasted about _num_ and a half days .
1	over priced for average , below average food .
0	it 's not much of a cheesesteak .
1	tiffany prices with kay jewelers selection .
0	it did n't taste fresh at all .
1	price does n't matter to me at all , though .
0	Neutral
1	if it was n't for the price , then i would not even bother .
0	wo n't be back .
1	same price and so much better .
0	if you 're not getting that , do n't bother .
1	oh , and the grocery store wine was way over priced .
0	for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags !
1	found a _num_ star one _num_ minutes away for just about the same price .
0	i literally walk past this subway _num_ times a week .
1	they do not have 1/2 price apps !
0	do not get your alterations done at this location !
1	i also thought it was extremely over priced .
0	last week i went in with a busted window screen frame .
1	but also way over prices .
0	it was average , but not restaurant quality .
1	for the price of everything , it was not worth it all .
0	unfortunately , that was the high point of this service .
1	slow , over priced , i 'll go elsewhere next time .
0	terrible customer service .
1	drink prices are n't anything special and cocktails are n't that strong .
0	i did n't even eat all of it .
1	food was only ok , but good portions for the price .
0	he also went on to give me the fastest haircut i 've ever had .
1	they are incredibly slow and ridiculously over priced .
0	we paid for drinks and left our sever a gracious tip .
1	for the prices at this place , i had hoped for so much more .
0	the last _num_ times getting it , i have had issues .
1	the food here is ok but not worth the price .
0	he barely let me talk and continuously spoke over me .
1	the store is horribly dirty and the prices are higher then harris teeter .
0	for the main course , i selected the gnocchi and grilled sausage .
1	i felt extremely uncomfortable there , and the buffet was not worth its price .
0	they went home hungry and very unhappy .
1	the service was slow and prices were way too high for this place !
0	and _num_ bbq dishes .
1	i 'm sure you can find better accommodations in this price range and location .
0	no thanks .
1	this place is not worth the price !
0	it took forever to get our drinks of simply water and soda .
1	way too over priced .
0	sadly , they just are n't .
1	atmosphere was casual but prices were upscale .
0	mine was just disappointing .
1	i 've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced .
0	wrong .
1	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
0	the bed was comfortable enough and the room was mostly clean .
1	their prices are cheap , and our food was just ok .
0	_num_ .
1	prices were n't bad either .
0	you will leave smelling like cooking oil .
1	service good prices cheap but food very bland and pre made .
0	breadsticks and salad came out like expected .
1	and the foods were not the best they could be consider the price .
0	slow .
1	the price is appealing but not worth it .
0	i 'll stick with trader joe 's for my alternative market , thank you !
1	inside is just average quality , equally average priced produce .
0	i could n't believe they tried to pass that off as a steak .
1	first , i feel like they pull the prices out of thin air .
0	terrible service , rude staff .
1	the service is bad , the food is bad and the prices are high !
0	the steak consisted of three small thinly sliced pieces of ... .
1	the prices are too high for the quality .
0	ended up just getting plain strips with honey mustard on the side .
1	not worth the price .
0	i threw the whole meal in the garbage .
1	the portions are not worth the price .
0	it did n't look appetizing , nor did it actually taste appetizing .
1	even at the discounted price we paid for queens feast we felt robbed .
0	overall , the experience was horrible .
1	but the quality just does n't match the price .
0	i drink this beer regularly , and something was wrong with the beer .
1	they were frozen and certainly not worth the price .
0	she was having a hard time finding my order .
1	not worth the price for the lousy service we received .
0	i ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu .
1	clearly , i was never meant to know the price of this ring .
0	atmosphere is awesome ... food is terrible .
1	all _num_ over prices and all _num_ just okay .
0	i spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza .
1	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
0	_num_ stars might be too generous !
1	we got this hotel room via hotwire at a great price .
0	service was absolutely dismal for no good reason .
1	they should have been included in the price of the brunch .
0	it should n't have take an hour to do it anyway .
1	my simple question was : do you price match to you own website ?
0	_num_ .
1	i 've never been a big drinker ; over priced beer and soda .
0	i said no , not yet which was probably a mistake .
1	price was as i expected for a nice looking salon .
0	avoid eating or drinking anything here .
1	overall terrible over priced food experience .
0	do n't waste your money !
1	i get the same meal constantly and pay different prices everytime .
0	disgusting phone etiquette and completely appalling .
1	drinks way over priced !
0	the outside was filthy with trash all over .
1	prices too high and service very slow .
0	avoid if you want anything but americanized junk food .
1	he gave them a quick polish and took $ _num_ off the price .
0	the food was all bland and tasteless .
1	did n't honor online prices from their own website .
0	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
1	an average price , i 'm ok with that .
0	other than that , it needed hemmed and taken out just a touch .
1	high prices , watered down drinks , impersonal management .
0	their shopping carts are all rusty and broken .
1	otherwise , food and prices are not worth a stop .
0	they did not acknowledge me .
1	price : tasty is cheap .
0	this place is terrible !
1	my total bill does n't reflect the price of the dishes i ordered .
0	this was my first and last time at this restaurant .
1	food is a bit over priced and nothing to write home about .
0	it 's horrible .
1	the desert had no prices .
0	honesty today must have been forgotten .
1	so in short the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down .
0	i guess i expected fabulous -- but everything was just good , nothing spectacular .
1	and the prices too high .
0	if you are going to order something , i would go with the pizza .
1	so over price that i can not afford a drink .
0	worst fast food i 've ever been to .
1	if they did n't have half price groupons , i would never eat here .
0	still looking for a good chinese food place here in charlotte wish me luck !
1	the price is n't even right , at $ _num_ .
0	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
1	the prices , however , are my biggest beef .
0	i would not order this again .
1	the product is over priced .
0	the pricing is ridiculous .
1	portion was fine for the price , but was the salad ever bland .
0	every time , we have a worse experience with customer service .
1	i could have saved _num_ % off the price of my food .
0	a shame , really , for my once favorite bar in charlotte .
1	i 'm giving it a _num_ star for the food and price .
0	this restaurant has really gone downhill over the last few years .
1	quality has went down as the price went up .
0	nothing tasted bad but it was way too expensive .
1	my dinner there was a substantial miss for a pretty substantial price .
0	_num_ .
1	fortunately it was only half price because of the groupon that i used .
0	our waitress carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude .
1	the quality is completely gone , portions are smaller , prices higher .
0	find someplace else in bloomfield .
1	wine prices even higher than paris or london .
0	this fast food place almost always gets my order wrong .
1	the clothes are priced far higher than other such shops .
0	asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one .
1	also very over priced .
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	i then asked to see what they had in the price they offered me .
0	no ... these bagels are about the same you would get anywhere .
1	they gave me a discount price of $ _num_ .
0	guests always mention they ca n't wait to try go here .
1	my wife said her 's was priced decently but had no flavor .
0	not a _num_ star .
1	for the price , the food was awful .
0	my boyfriend and i went to dinner here last saturday .
1	bathroom was not up to par to the price of the room .
0	needless to say , this completely ruined my meal .
1	consider where this place is , the prices are really really high .
0	the deal also comes with either a small app or a dessert to share .
1	it just wasnt enough food for the price .
0	so sad .
1	and that its all the owners fault about the price .
0	delivery : horrible experience .
1	not same price .
0	well , this place is beyond horrible .
1	also , the prices are too high .
0	she was sick six ways to sunday .
1	the lady almost asked for the double price after doing the job .
0	the hilton would probably have been better or perhaps any of the other hotels .
1	apparently they do n't have a lot of confidence that their prices are competitive .
0	the crab stuffing was mostly stuffing .
1	so i expected a discounted price given the shared nature .
0	not the best dinner they have eaten .
1	zero stars for price .
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	drinks are reasonably priced too .
0	next time your country ass needs to stay home from work .
1	i would recommend others to check the price when you drop off your clothes .
0	$ _num_ for a banana split cocktail ?
1	certainly , this was not worth the $ _num_ price .
0	i 've found the service here to be pretty terrible .
1	apparently with this kind of reception , no one wants to pay full price .
0	i 'm too annoyed right now to make any funny comments .
1	not a lot of character , but cheap prices .
0	menu is very basic .
1	the price was fair and the delivery driver was nice .
0	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
1	some of the staff barely knows english past the menu items and prices .
0	went in to meet some friends who 'd come in from out of town .
1	drink price : $ _num_ for a beer .
0	bacon does n't take that long to cook .
1	same price by the airport and your in a luxury .
0	the dress comes in _num_ months later and is the wrong color .
1	not all the prices are on the website , which makes for difficult planning .
0	listen folks , it 's cold when the sun goes down .
1	as dinner was my treat , i felt very awkward asking for prices .
0	_num_ minutes later my date had finished his meal and my fries were gone .
1	they have better service and half lower price for the better food .
0	the food was terrible .
1	price was not counted correctly .
0	it 's never open ... not even at 6:30 pm on a thursday .
1	the advertised prices were _num_ .
0	it is just disgusting .
1	the portions are large and the prices are very inexpensive .
0	continuing on , check out was a nightmare !
1	poor service , high prices , crappy selection .
0	way too much coleslaw .
1	price is not bad .
0	next week i happily tried to repeat the last order i got .
1	my biggest complaint is the drink prices .
0	even homemade wine and honey soaked cake wo n't bring me back again .
1	finally , overall the prices were way too high .
0	ugh .
1	_num_ - a lot of the drinks did n't have prices on them .
0	the head massage was painful and rough .
1	the menu states there are _num_ market priced items .
0	a native sent me here , an apparent pittsburgh landmark .
1	the food is moderately priced , but is too much for what you get .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	you charge ridiculous prices on your desserts that are made just not right .
0	there 's no pride in the service or the food at all .
1	she took my bottle of wine and did not mention the price or anything .
0	as soon as i hung up the phone , the food was delivered .
1	so after explaining the situation they lower the price to $ _num_ .
0	they seem overpriced , too .
1	i do n't think the price worth the food .
0	linda b august _num_ will never stay again !
1	terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
0	sorry , i gotten very used to no smoking i public places in pittsburgh .
1	the price is right - but i 'm just not into bland food .
0	do n't bother .
1	this place is not worth the price .
0	my experience did not live up to my expectations at all .
1	just about half the price of the `` promotion '' the representative offered me .
0	too bad even then the orders are not right .
1	my biggest complaint is pricing .
0	it was all mushy breading and very little chicken .
1	the prices are downright insulting .
0	never going back .
1	good location , low prices , below par rooms .
0	two seconds later , they come to want to clean ?
1	the food and drinks are very over priced for what it is .
0	eventually , i found bland tomatoes and shredded iceberg lettuce hidden far below .
1	he gave me a more reasonable price .
0	nah ... why bother when there are so many other options around .
1	the selection here is stellar , but the prices are ridiculously high .
0	i think the food is boring .
1	_num_ - put the drink prices on the website too .
0	so disappointed .
1	over priced , over hyped but a hell of a time regardless .
0	it was horrible .
1	so they lost another star for over priced for the value i received .
0	the waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves .
1	but the food was not outstanding for the price or the ambiance .
0	maybe i just ate the box ?
1	if this is their generic price for _num_ hour of labor it is ridiculous .
0	$ _num_ pedicure should have been way better than it was .
1	online , their women 's haircut price is quoted at $ 30+ .
0	i have never dealt with such poor management in my life .
1	it was dry and well done plus it was small for the price .
0	this is the worst line i have ever seen in my life .
1	smells gross all the time , small portions for a hella large price tag .
