0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	i purchased my phone october _num_ and have been completely frustrated since .
0	i stopped in on a whim alone and sat at the counter .
1	i had to take my car to service as i purchased an extended warranty .
0	he had my money and had no more use for me .
1	by far the worse carwash i have ever purchased .
0	it was _num_ of us and _num_ ppl got their checks .
1	i went back in and purchased a _num_ '' box mesquite .
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	i purchased some today and they are n't good enough for hungry dogs .
0	it was that bad .
1	i recently purchased some candy here and both types i got were completely stale .
0	it really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients .
1	the tree had been there for over two months prior to my purchase .
0	in fact , the menu is , to me , kinda boring .
1	we will never purchase pie here again .
0	please save your money and visit another store or company .
1	never again will i purchase from cactus flower .
0	it was a weird experience .
1	here 's a warning about purchasing major appliances through this store .
0	kmart is doing okay as is the giant eagle .
1	my mistake i purchased the wrong # .
0	the chicken breast was so small .
1	purchased a computer - spent extra money to have dropped shipped in two days .
0	the food is crap .
1	i purchased shampoo and conditioner from them and all told i spent $ _num_ .
0	they get two for the great service but everything else was not so good .
1	glad i did n't purchase from here .
0	plus i think i found a fry or two with the vegetables .
1	i was so disappointed when i got home and realized what i had purchased .
0	we just received the worst service ever i will never come back .
1	i also purchased a small jar of pesto recommended by the owner .
0	you 'll have a much nicer experience .
1	needless to say , i purchased my tires elsewhere .
0	always seem to be people going in and out .
1	i suggest albertsons for all meat purchases .
0	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
1	so consider my advice if you decide to purchase here .
0	seemed cranky and overworked and ruined the experience completely .
1	do not purchase any kind of voucher or gift certificate from them .
0	did n't get any refills .
1	there were no shoes we could purchase .
0	_num_ ) they did not return my $ _num_ security deposit .
1	in recent purchases , tried some of their iced coffee and a mocha latte .
0	it was all bread and coleslaw .
1	tried to purchase some dj equipment from this company .
0	)
1	less than _num_ years later , the pump i purchased is broken .
0	the mashed potatoes were great , everyone agreed on that .
1	the same sales representative that i purchased my products from earlier .
0	i am completely disappointed .
1	i do not recommend purchasing these tickets online .
0	we were seated quickly for a friday night and the server was fine .
1	very bad purchase experience .
0	you could n't at lease have made it look like you did your jobs ?
1	recently purchased a car here .
0	completely worthless wifi .
1	they really just do n't care about customers after you purchase a car .
0	the room i had was bland , one piece of ugly artwork .
1	inspect your purchase while you are still on site .
0	very sad to find that donuts are made the day before .
1	i purchased a complete interior detail awhile ago after being pressured by the salesman .
0	being next door to corporate you would have higher expectations .
1	had an issue purchasing a vw back in _num_ .
0	also , the service was not that good .
1	i walked out without making a purchase .
0	they are not very through .
1	i wish they would go back and purchase quality wings .
0	this place sucks the cashiers are either very rude , slow and incompetent .
1	there was no merchandise to purchase , no glasses , no shirts , etc .
0	for real , wasting money for wrong order !
1	not surprisingly , we left without purchasing anything .
0	avoid .
1	for this i will never purchase anything unless it 's directly from verizon .
0	a round of patron margaritas were horrible .
1	i have a coupon for free _num_ inch pizza when purchasing _num_ inch pizza .
0	i was very excited to try this place .
1	only one of the five items i purchased was edible .
0	the portions are way too small and not good at all .
1	purchased new a/c unit from them _num_ years ago .
0	just so rude .
1	i refuse to make a purchase here .
0	the coleslaw lacked flavor and the bun was simple white bread .
1	went to purchase a beer brewing kit that he tried to overcharge me on .
0	they just do n't run a very professional operation .
1	purchased over _num_ laptop out of state .
0	sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick .
1	i did not make a purchase , nor will i ever .
0	no salad .
1	i drove up the street to albertsons right after and purchased the same groceries .
0	the noodles were very bland and almost chewy .
1	should have purchased elsewhere and i wont be going back .
0	it is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well .
1	the waiter also tried desperately to get us to purchase wine and sides .
0	btw , we did n't have an inexpensive lunch .
1	so i purchase another kit for the installation .
0	very bad food and overpriced .
1	_num_ % off any purchase over $ _num_ .
0	worst wait times ever , staff is inefficient .
1	instead , the house salad is offered at $ _num_ with the entree purchase .
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	i left my intended purchases and walked out without buying .
0	there was no background music .
1	first time i purchased the $ _num_ basic wash .
0	2nd time service was extremely slow .
1	i purchased a few items and went to checkout .
0	to be fair there was n't anything particularly wrong with the food or service .
1	please people , do not purchase your vehicle from carmax west sahara or henderson .
0	ill pass i 've had better thai for less .
1	my car seat was never fully repaired on my purchase date as promised .
0	they 're banking on this lack of competition .
1	i also purchased the service plan which has been a nightmare .
0	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
1	my wife purchased the chicken chow mein and she said it was terrible .
0	fish was not fresh .
1	i would not recommend purchasing extras online .
0	( no where on the contract does it state that ! )
1	purchased a groupon and even waited a month before trying to redeem .
0	do n't recommend buying a car of another make here .
1	last week i purchased _num_ `` raspberry fuzzy '' plants .
0	horrible .
1	the first car i purchased from carmax needed a lot of work .
0	lost sale opportunity .
1	i will never return , to make any other purchases .
0	our server was obviously having a bad night .
1	we purchased a groupon for two dinners and desert .
0	if it were up to me i would have never returned .
1	i 've purchased many coupons , but never have had such a terrible experience !
0	ugh .
1	our certificate was for $ _num_ off a minimum $ _num_ purchase .
0	mom and i both ordered the fish sandwich with mac n cheese .
1	we ate here for the first time as we purchased a groupon .
0	let me start off by saying , i hate the dentist .
1	worst experience in my _num_ years of purchasing cars .
0	it was runny and bland .
1	i have purchased _num_ watches from them in the last _num_ months .
0	to be honest this place was not that good at all .
1	i have purchased many items that expired - especially in dairy section .
0	i continued to stand there , and finally she ( lindsey ) greeted me .
1	i purchased _num_ tvs from arrowhead best buy in august for my new home .
0	no bueno .
1	please do your research before deciding to purchase from carmax .
0	the pasta at applebee 's are definitely not worth the $ _num_ they charge .
1	and i can find any other business to purchase my food from .
0	average pittsburgh pizza and fried stuff pile , nothing special though .
1	i was recently at this store to make an expensive jewelry purchase .
0	that 's not our usual practice . ''
1	apparently neither men could check out an online purchase .
0	i doubt that i 'll ever go back to this location again .
1	my purchase experience was just o.k .
0	so disappointed .
1	in addition they lost a jacket i purchased in london last summer .
0	so on to the sushi , oh yeah , it 's gross too !
1	it was true for the whole short week since i purchased it from walmart .
0	we also had a masala and that too was not great .
1	spend the extra money and purchase your furniture from somewhere else !
0	it was n't me .
1	he pressured me into purchasing an exterior detail .
0	was n't very busy which was a plus .
1	i have purchased _num_ cars from camelback vw and had good experiences .
0	bathrooms way too small i had to dry off outside the bathroom .
1	never was this told to us at the time of purchase .
0	they all look like they hate their job .
1	we obviously purchased from them , we had their tank .
0	did n't even get a `` thanks '' with my change .
1	i suspect it is purchased and not made in house .
0	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
1	recently visited modern lighting , and would never purchase from that store .
0	i was extremely disappointed by the lack of presentation .
1	the groupon i purchased for was two deserts and two combo plates for two .
0	awful acoustics !
1	my wife and i stopped by to purchase a bed two weekends ago .
0	five minutes later the $ _num_ easter special came out .
1	we ended up purchasing a new pair at sports authority instead .
0	however , each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller .
1	went in to get some information for an ipad purchase .
0	nothing but flavorless , americanized chinese food .
1	only purchase the basic tickets .
0	today i gave them _num_ chance .
1	i had purchased tires here a year prior to my most recent visit .
0	too many good italian places in pittsburgh to choose here .
1	we purchased a high end mattress that was delivered on may _num_ , _num_ .
0	it 's not me .
1	however i waited _num_ min to purchase one item .
0	diner _num_ - ordered the salad with the lobster roll , hold the bread .
1	purchased from their online site , had original receipt .
0	i would never use them again .
1	first off , i purchased the extended warranty .
0	but waited over _num_ minutes for them to take our order .
1	honestly , this is the worst food i 've ever purchased .
0	i could taste absolutely nothing from her veal .
1	we went here after purchasing a groupon .
0	the same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same .
1	cheap prices and everything you could ever want to purchase all in one place !
0	the worst service ever .
1	i mean , i did have the exact product i wanted to purchase .
0	but yes , you guessed it , that 's overpriced too .
1	i left everything and did not purchase a single item .
0	it literally killed me to leave a tip .
1	i purchased a used vehicle from this dealer in march of _num_ .
0	nor is there any hint of a true thai taste .
1	purchased two suits and other items for my son , spending over $ _num_ .
0	we sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable .
1	i purchased my bmw from desert bmw of henderson .
0	the golden palace buffet is bad , but at least edible .
1	purchased my bike there sales were fine no complaints there .
0	but this was not what i had in mind .
1	our most recent purchase was for a desk that would fit with our decor .
0	i will not go again .
1	i purchased a groupon for a shellac manicure & pedicure .
0	the worst dental experience of my life .
1	i 've purchased wood here for years , and recommended this business to friends .
0	worst brazilian wax i have ever gotten .
1	i rated this dealership _num_ stars when i purchased my car .
0	also , their bar seating sucks .
1	since kids eat for _num_ cents on monday with the purchase of a meal .
0	the sauce is very forgettable and watery .
1	my husband purchased _num_ suits .
0	really need to put some money into this place .
1	no line , no rush to purchase tickets .
0	no , but you know that better is out there .
1	the certificate does not clearly state that _num_ meals need to be purchased .
0	well what a mistake i made .
1	we purchase our beef from a frozen foods delivery truck to eat at home .
0	terrible customer service !
1	my husband and i ate here after i purchased a groupon .
0	i only give it _num_ stars because of the wait staff !
1	so then he tried and apparently it showed i had absolutely no purchase record !
0	the hotel is in a bad neighborhood .
1	i lost $ _num_ on a $ _num_ purchase .
0	it was not flavorful or moist nor worth the calories .
1	i will never purchase a vw again .
0	my first visit was to the one in south hills .
1	i went into purchase a mattress over memorial day weekend .
0	it was very awkward considering it was a first date .
1	however , i would purchase a pumpkin pie to go for thanksgiving .
0	no wonder they need coupons for customers .
1	i tried to purchase patio furniture covers using a gift card over the phone .
0	was n't the best either .
1	purchased car from henderson carmax on sunday .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
1	anyway , it took about _num_ min to make my purchase .
0	very common problem in these apartments .
1	i was purchased mattress around june _num_ _num_ .
0	it was not spicy .
1	warning do not purchase any used car from bmw of henderson .
0	saturday was my first time back and i was dissapointed in the changes .
1	i purchased the vehicle and a warranty through desert schools .
0	however , i hate it because i believe the alcohol and food is overpriced .
1	i 'm the customer standing here ready to make a purchase .
0	avoid this place .
1	i had even purchased a bread bowl on the side to help .
0	i ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard .
1	second wo n't let customers purchase anything .
0	she stated that she would go ask to see if something could be done .
1	under no circumstances should you purchase from these scum bags !
0	it is unfortunate .
1	i purchased a groupon for this place and finally got around to using it .
0	potato pancakes taste like they had vinegar in them .
1	i 've always purchased ground beef from this location and never had problems .
0	very disappointed with this restaurant .
1	i purchase those passing pittsburgh , not really possible asking for refund .
0	just checked it out for the first time .
1	i purchased my bed at this location just over _num_ year ago .
0	do not use these people for your dry cleaning needs !
1	after purchasing the vehicle , the car had _num_ key .
0	the crust was hard and flavorless .
1	i purchased a groupon coupon , called and made an appointment .
0	the better restaurant is the little cafe across the street owned by same owner .
1	i 'm very sure that i will never purchase from this company ever again .
0	not very tasty .
1	positively the worst chinese food i have ever purchased .
0	the pad thai was bland and generic , and tasted almost gummy .
1	another day my boyfriend went in to purchase a new razor .
0	i will not get anything from there again .
1	my recommendation is never purchase anything from ashley furniture home store .
0	please ... take your hard earned money elsewhere .
1	i 've walked in to make purchases .
0	try their calamari over angel hair yum !
1	he then said he could offer me _num_ % off my next purchase .
0	* the owner failed to mention the pita bread was extra .
1	this purchase has turned in to an unfortunate experience .
0	if she 's the best , i would hate to see the worst .
1	anyway , we had to purchase more tickets at the door .
0	even the guacamole was too hot .
1	i purchased a groupon coupon which had no expiration date .
0	but unfortunately they had already sold out of the special .
1	i will also never purchase goodyear product after this experience .
0	as dinner was my treat , i felt very awkward asking for prices .
1	i am absolutely tired of trying to purchase a vehicle with carmax .
0	the taste is reminiscent of pho but is n't quite right .
1	i am very disappointed with my flower purchase here for mother 's day .
0	_num_ .
1	check the expiration dates on all purchase from here !
0	no marinara sauce .
1	needless to say , i did not purchase from best buy .
0	my latte was n't bad ... was n't anything special either .
1	i purchased the basic wash and when i recieved my car i was satisfied .
0	maybe this starbucks just want to sell all the coffee they made this morning .
1	i purchased the full detail $ _num_ and hand wax $ _num_ .
0	went to barnes and noble waterfront with _num_ books on my list .
1	i ended up throwing my purchase onto the table and walking out .
0	so gross .
1	do you not see a customer with a stack of pants to purchase ?
0	they do everything they can to charge you extra fees .
1	walked out without making purchase .
0	the beef was not the right color and was basically bland .
1	so , i purchased _num_ pastries and got out .
0	_num_ .
1	purchased my car there and visited service several times for routine things .
0	to put it lightly ; the staff suck !
1	purchased $ _num_ pot _num_ weeks ago .
0	unfortunately that burger was `` _num_ 'd '' ... as was her second choice .
1	told my close friend to take his $ _num_ bow purchase elsewhere .
0	unfortunately the food was not .
1	needless to say i will never purchase another piece from this jeweler .
0	i could get food faster in a prison cell .
1	i fully explained that i was going to purchase tickets online .
0	alas , the bisque tasted like wheat paste .
1	purchased the ultimate wash for _num_ .
0	the wait staff was not that great either !
1	also , i purchased a dog bagel , it is hard as a rock .
0	lot _num_ is ultimately a forgettable lunch destination .
1	i ended up purchasing one and giving it to my mom .
0	overpriced , terrible customer service , and long wait times .
1	i recently went through hell and back after purchasing my vehicle from here .
0	the decor was old _num_ 's which could have charm but this did n't .
1	i was ecstatic that i just purchased my very first brand new vehicle .
0	do n't walk away .
1	however , i decided not to purchase it from this store .
0	sorry , but i just do n't get it .
1	i also purchased a protection plan so that nothing goes wrong .
0	was seated for _num_ min and no wait staff came to take our order .
1	so do not purchase from them .
0	be warned that everything here comes with french fries , even the salads .
1	knowing i had already purchased it and more competitive than he could ever match .
0	the manager did n't seem to care at all about our situation .
1	the ice cream cake we just purchased was horrible !
0	i was disappointed .
1	very disappointed with our purchase and the service we received afterwards .
0	the bartender looked at us walked away .
1	i purchased and called her for an appointment for my mom and myself .
0	having curly hair , i 've had my fair share of terrible haircuts .
1	it was one of the news tire that i had just purchased .
0	do not order steak or prime rib here .
1	i will never purchase anything from lowe 's again .
0	so tired of this place .
1	sadly i will never purchase a vehicle here again because of this experience .
0	so i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes to find someone to pay .
1	i 'm super disappointed because the process up until the purchase was pleasant .
0	it was not my pillow .
1	i purchased the voucher ( $ _num_ of service for $ _num_ ) .
0	i 'm not asking too much .
1	does n't the car come with a smog upon purchase ?
0	nails looked nice but only lasted about _num_ and a half days .
1	i will never make another purchase from this company ever again !
0	just go elsewhere .
1	this issue was covered under the extra plan i purchased .
0	it was n't even crowded .
1	i returned the fireplace and will purchase it somewhere else .
0	it was disgusting .
1	do not purchase from home depot .
0	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
1	i purchased tires from them with their warranty about _num_ months ago .
0	terrible !
1	never never purchase an extended warranty from lowes .
0	was n't impressed by their sunday brunch .
1	two cups of coffee per room per day , extras can be purchased .
0	boring .
1	i purchased my furniture a month ago and still have not received it .
0	i do n't even know where to begin .
1	i purchased a _num_ x _num_ print recently that i planned on framing .
0	my advice , avoid this place .
1	i purchased a $ _num_ sectional from them .
0	i was here once and probably wo n't be back .
1	i would never purchase a door from home depot again .
0	_num_ .
1	got a gift from my daughter that she purchased at worst buy .
0	it 's not that delish .
1	i purchased the money saving plan , so it would n't be that expensive .
0	pasta was watery and very limp .
1	one of the worst vehicle purchase experiences ever .
0	the restaurant is the worst .
1	i had purchased an online coupon quite a long time ago .
0	will not be back there -- rude hostess !
1	the disease spread to other pepper plants that i purchased from elsewhere .
0	but i ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo , nothing to rave about .
1	he again repeated that i would have to purchase something .
0	rules made by men .
1	i will never purchase anything from this company again .
0	skip everything else !
1	i go to the grocery store for food i can purchase and eat .
0	think twice people before going here .
1	i purchased a comforter set and it was not on sale .
0	unfortunately , pamela 's is neither of these things .
1	i purchased glasses here almost _num_ months ago .
0	gross .
1	i purchased the iphone _num_ on day one .
0	i 'm shocked , never thought men 's dress clothes were so pricey .
1	luckily before purchasing my mac i researched until i knew exactly what i wanted .
