0	try panera bread across the street .
1	had n't even read the reviews beforehand .
0	same guy , same attitude .
1	i read other reviews , ignoring the food , but come on now .
0	very noisy .
1	come to find out i need reading glasses to which i knew already .
0	you could n't pay me to go back to this place !
1	very hard to read , red tags with back ink and so warn .
0	she disappeared for about _num_ minutes before returning .
1	someone couldnt read a piece of paper to me ? )
0	in addition , they offered me tea , coffee , or water .
1	i wish i would have read them before i took my car in .
0	but the burger was n't memorable at all .
1	i beg any of you that is reading this review to avoid this shop .
0	the almond torte used to be the best , hands down .
1	i wish i would have read the recent reviews before eating here .
0	this place needs to be closed - stay away !
1	people really should read up on body language .
0	( but they have still not done this _num_ weeks later ) .
1	after reading some of the previous reviews , this place is over rated .
0	so disappointed with this place .
1	i read somewhere that charlotte has the highest time warner rates in the country .
0	cold food !
1	i wish i read these reviews before i went to this spot .
0	wo n't visit again .
1	i went there last sunday , after reading all the great reviews .
0	it looked pretty awful like a hard , dry , high school cafeteria lunch .
1	she just read the description right below it .
0	they continued to stare for several minutes , unbelievably unprofessional .
1	i wish i had read the yelp reviews before booking .
0	words could not describe my disappointment .
1	i wish i had read the reviews before i ordered .
0	until then she was just missing .
1	to be honest , i wish i would have read the reviews online .
0	not anything like the pieces on the floor .
1	geez i wish i had read the reviews before eating here .
0	i think the food is boring .
1	reading many of the previous reviews , i had caught that it was byob .
0	the lazy river could be much better .
1	read the other bad reviews .
0	their market square location worse .
1	having read good reviews , we were ready to have a good night out .
0	perhaps next time we 'll just stop by for drinks instead .
1	wendy 's of _num_ e indian school , i hope you read this .
0	better deals and better food at a mall food court .
1	if she reads this she will know exactly what i 'm talking about .
0	my pet 's annual visit was over well $ _num_ .
1	sorry cafe noodle , but i think the public deserves to read this review .
0	def not worth the wait .
1	the thermostat at the counter read _num_ when i went to place my order .
0	i 'm too scared to shop there after dark .
1	it 's too late when i read all the reviews here .
0	ok , mistake .
1	i was so disappointed in this place after reading all the other good reviews !
0	not the best or the worst mall in charlotte .
1	so if u read this hopefully i will c u at village pub .
0	i had an ugly haircut .
1	sure hope chipotle reads these reviews .
0	also , i was surprised by the limited number of seafood options .
1	you read right $ _num_ to torture our dog .
0	do n't walk away .
1	so i 'm reading the back .
0	the salad was basic iceberg lettuce and a few other veggies .
1	the music is way too loud to read .
0	sorry , bummer .
1	so i went to yelp to read reviews for this and other locations .
0	it made me kind of sad .
1	as i was reading it , i thought i was reading my own review !
0	let 's face it , this is not japanese food .
1	read the bad reviews .
0	they 'll gladly take your money , however , good luck getting issues resolved .
1	first , like always the credit card machine could not read my card .
0	i refused .
1	the only waitress was at the counter eating and reading the newspaper .
0	it seems that this is a common experience at this restaurant .
1	if that 's not enough to stop you , read on .
0	poor service , crappy food .
1	who ever is reading this , dont come here .
0	very low quality food for the price .
1	he threw his out too after we began reading the reviews on here .
0	i spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza .
1	probably my fault that i did n't read the menu carefully .
0	_num_ .
1	i asked what it said and the driver could n't read it either .
0	if i could give the place zero stars , i would .
1	maybe i 'll get a t-shirt that reads `` i survived ghetto target '' .
0	there were no apologies for the mistakes .
1	what i learned ... do n't trust the stars , read the reviews .
0	the store would not cash out the remaining balance on the gift cards .
1	after reading all of the stellar reviews , i was expecting stellar .
0	fried dumplings were thick and mushy .
1	due to reviews i read on yelp , i tried this shop .
0	never again will i go to this location .
1	the menu was very small and hard to read and understand .
0	we waited for the server yet again after asking for drink menus .
1	if you are reading this in search of a pediatrician .
0	it is my pet peeve .
1	having read the reviews , i knew to stay away from the brisket .
0	the worst customer service ever !
1	sadly after i ate it i read some reviews and there was similar experiences .
0	service was just barely adequate on this visit .
1	i wish i would have read the reviews first .
0	_num_ .
1	this examination does not have to be read !
0	a native sent me here , an apparent pittsburgh landmark .
1	i wish i 'd have read the reviews first .
0	the food was very poor .
1	overall we were very disappointed , especially with the good reviews we had read .
0	we waited over _num_ hours for the food to be delivered .
1	should have read the poor reviews prior to using this business .
0	great shrimp cocktail but i wish i had my fish sandwich across the street .
1	i strongly caution you to read their policies before buying anything .
0	it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ?
1	we went there last night , hoping that the reviews we read were wrong .
0	ca n't comment on food since i was just in for beers .
1	i am glad i read the reviews to prepare me for my experience .
0	for the prices at this place , i had hoped for so much more .
1	i suggest that if anyone is reading this , buy from another place .
0	interior is dark and dated .
1	does this business owner even read the reviews here ?
0	the food is okay - typical italian fair that could be better seasoned .
1	after reading reviews we were expecting a great homemade mexican meal .
0	extremely rude and condescending over the phone .
1	i hope the owner or general manager reads this .
0	it was around 2:30 and empty .
1	i read the negative reviews thinking this is not true .
0	overall rating - just an ok .
1	reading other reviews they also have cockroaches .
0	i was so excited to get all you can eat crab legs !
1	i should have read the reviews here before i went there for _num_ times .
0	the bloody mary was completely disgusting .
1	sad to say the other reviews i read of this place are accurate .
0	i have never been so uncomfortable in my life .
1	i wish i read the reviews of this place before coming here .
0	food is mediocre service is lousy .
1	why had n't she read the order before thoroughly ?
0	the chicken breast was so small .
1	after reading the reviews we had high hopes , but they were n't met .
0	we ordered the filet mignon with chicken hibachi .
1	so fyi do n't order delivery they read it back to me right .
0	i have never been treated so terrible in my whole life .
1	i went here this morning looking for vegan donuts after reading several reviews .
0	even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us .
1	the guy clearly could n't read body language .
0	it was made of wood .
1	after reading reviews and looking at pictures , i had to try it .
0	they do everything they can to charge you extra fees .
1	if you go to this place , make sure to read the wall too .
0	i guess i expected fabulous -- but everything was just good , nothing spectacular .
1	i sure wish i had read all of the other bad reviews first !
0	have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders ?
1	i drove across town to eat here after reading the mostly positive reviews .
0	alexander 's offers some of the worst italian food i 've ever had .
1	obviously whoever could read it would know what it 's supposed to be like .
0	anyway - i wo n't be heading back anytime soon !
1	as reading all the reviews this place is going downhill .
0	and their beer selection sucks .
1	after having read the reviews , i was expecting more .
0	the service is snotty and slow .
1	so mad i did n't read the reviews before i ate there !
0	not sure about the food handling practices here .
1	wish i had read the other yelp reviews of people with similar experiences .
0	i do n't understand how this place is even in business .
1	i started to read off the different signs and she said , oh !
0	my house is under 1,000 sf .
1	i read these reviews and not sure how our experience could be so bad .
0	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
1	i read today in south charlotte weekly that they recieved a grade of _num_ .
0	luckily , we had two $ _num_ dollar bills and it worked .
1	i ( do n't think i paid that much for those reading glasses total .
0	our server was obviously having a bad night .
1	i 'm glad i did n't after reading the reviews .
0	_num_ stars for being cheap and delivering .
1	it took like _num_ minutes literally to read the entire list .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	i went to ray 's pizza after reading the reviews on this website .
0	my heels still looked as bad as they did when i walked in .
1	i unfortunately did n't read the other reviews prior to going to this location .
0	i had the pizza and it was mediocre at best .
1	should have stopped there but i was hungry and ticket read gluten free .
0	so what was the point in an app ?
1	i wish i had read their reviews prior to going .
0	i was disappointed .
1	wish i would have read the reviews first .
0	i 've eaten here several times and they are not very flexible .
1	the dessert we ordered was a ricotta cheesecake , the menu read with cherries .
0	rude , disrespectful jerks who should not be dealing with the public .
1	read the reviews you idiots .
0	overall , this place gets a _num_ stars .
1	but why are you reading this ?
0	the chicken wings tasted like fake butter and rubber .
1	i read reviews that were good , and i should not have believed them !
0	this is a review of their business practices online .
1	tried this place tonight after reading the reviews .
0	menu says `` soup '' , no particular type .
1	i read the reviews and i thought i would take the chance .
0	sad to see it go .
1	i read online that it opened at 11am , wrong .
0	avoid this place .
1	ps reading their facebook comments , others experienced the same as we did .
0	i told her that was no problem .
1	moreover , it seems that they have n't even read my complaint correctly .
0	never again will i take my dog there .
1	he was dismissive and does n't even look up from his reading material .
0	wo n't visit again .
1	hope anyone who reads this review does n't make the same mistake !
0	but hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable .
1	i read about good stuff here but was very disappointed .
0	not cool .
1	read the reviews ... even if your tired .
0	my jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke .
1	pick another course , read the numerous yelp reviews regarding customer services .
0	it seems like all these hvac guys are out to take advantage .
1	if you are still reading ... .
0	either the batteries are almost dead or its just terrible .
1	it was strange , i had read a review with regards to budget today .
0	no one was at the door to greet me .
1	i wish i 'd read these reviews before deciding to stay here .
0	bland food .
1	disappointed really i expected more because of the reviews i read on here .
0	i refuse to patronize any business that only accepts cash .
1	i really wish i had read the reviews before i came here .
0	they should have cut off orders if they were that overwhelmed !
1	but then there are _num_ more that seem like they are reading cue cards .
0	and ... i was pretty underwhelmed .
1	she responded `` no , why do n't you read the menu '' .
0	fist we wait _num_ mins or so to be seated .
1	i was excited to try dj 's bagels after reading all the positive reviews .
0	here on vacation and the waitress seemed annoyed we wanted food .
1	why did n't i read the reviews first on this place before going .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	i wish i had read this review before going there .
0	i have n't been back .
1	i wish i had read the reviews before coming to this business .
0	i dunno .
1	should have read the reviews before buying a ticket .
0	food was average , service very bad .
1	i was so disappointed after reading all of the reviews .
0	needless to say i was extremely disappointed .
1	basically just read off the computer things i already knew .
0	when we checked out i spoke to manager & showed her my bites .
1	i asked the dr why another dr couldnt have just read my results .
0	i left , and do n't intend to return .
1	i should have read reviews first before purchasing a puppy from this company ... .
0	waitress walked away two times while opening our bottle of wine .
1	i wish i would have read the reviews before coming here .
0	this place does decent thai food , but is nothing special .
1	stupid me for not reading prior reviews before going to this place .
0	i would not revisit the westin convention center .
1	i guess i should 've read the reviews first .
0	this was just a joke and definitely not worth the wait .
1	everything she said was like she was reading a text book .
0	ca n't give this place anything lower than _num_ star .
1	shame on me for not reading the reviews !
0	this stuff tasted like really cheap , bad , ranch dressing .
1	not the first i see as i read prior reviews of this .
0	i past here daily and will never patronize this establishment again .
1	i rate denny 's a _num_ out of _num_ and please read why .
0	delivery came somewhat cold , extremely bland .
1	i went after reading all the above positive reviews and was really disappointed .
0	noisy , dirty , poorly renovated and the worst customer service known to man .
1	i was disappointed after reading all the positive reviews .
0	i ordered two chicken finger kids meals and two adult meals .
1	after reading reviews i was afraid of what kind of service we would encounter .
0	that was not acceptable to me .
1	i wish i would have read the reviews before dining here .
0	i picked out the broccoli and ate it over my side of rice .
1	owners and managers need to read these posts and do something about it .
0	they did n't even cover up all of my roots !
1	i wish i 'd have read some of the reviews before going .
0	the vet met with us for a very short amount of time .
1	do n't be surprised with your experience here if you read the reviews below .
0	this place has the worst french fries i have ever tasted .
1	$ _num_ just for reading check engine light .
0	the egg roll wasnt even cooked and the cabbage was awful .
1	must read !
0	i also ordered the curry chicken noodle bowl .
1	i wish i had read the reviews before i wasted my time .
0	note that risotto , the only entree with a price , is $ _num_ .
1	it reads like a children 's book report more often than not .
0	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
1	reading the newspaper .
0	it was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable .
1	i am not alone ; just read the other peoples ' posts .
0	the wings do not come with celery .
1	it reads no beans on the screen .
0	it looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked .
1	wished i would have read the reviews before i stopped in .
0	i was a little dissatisfied in how poorly i welcomed to the hotel .
1	wish i had read the reviews first .
0	this place is the worst , and i have never even stepped inside !
1	boy , i wish i 'd read these reviews before i used these guys .
0	i do n't recommend at all .
1	if you get nothing from reading this , get that .
0	i did not receive water or any service for _num_ minutes .
1	after reading bad reviews about other car companies i went with budget .
0	have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on ?
1	sorry we picked it after reading rave reviews online .
0	just not worth it .
1	wish i would have read yelp first .
0	the person that seated us was curt and unfriendly .
1	i wish i had read the reviews before i wasted my time going here .
0	i have been a customer of sesame inn for many , many years .
1	he never bothered to read the nurse report but asked me what was wrong .
0	the omelet was uninspired .
1	i should have read the reviews before taking in because they totally suck !
0	sorry , but our pizza was cold .
1	she asked for my company for the night after reading some reviews .
0	bad facility , even without a trash can in the room .
1	after reading the reviews i was excited about trying this place .
0	very disappointed with this restaurant .
1	also , and i ca n't stress this enough , read your lease thoroughly !
0	_num_ ) the catfish was a complete fish with bones .
1	one thing is for sure , the owners will read about it .
0	no way to find out what is going on .
1	to anyone who reads this , please read the ten filtered post .
0	all that said , the huge table of _num_ had left .
1	although i have read everyone 's reviews , i may try it .
0	more pear shaped , waitress was no where to be found for _num_ minutes .
1	very disappointed after reading the other reviews .
0	however , i 'm in pittsburgh , where can i go ?
1	worst place ever please read .
0	you can definitely get better vietnamese elsewhere in the city .
1	i recall reading carrots and various cheeses .
0	_num_ . )
1	reading the other reviews , i think their fault lies in their night staff .
0	most of our bill was the wine .
1	i was dissatisfied with this place after reading all the rave reviews .
0	that is a lot for a less than adequate sandwhich .
1	i was disappointed after reading the good reviews .
0	i wish i could give them _num_ stars ... total waste of money .
1	i should have read these reviews prior to hiring adobe !
0	- lots of food choices ... burgers ... steak ... chicken ... salads .
1	here 's one for you reading this ... do n't go !
0	i sent their management a message , but have not yet heard back .
1	i really wish i had read these reviews before ordering from this company .
0	the pasta is consistently overcooked .
1	she just sat there and read a magazine .
0	very pricey food , cash only , average food .
1	very disappointed after reading the reviews .
0	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
1	i wish i would have read the other reviews before going in .
0	the pasta dish would have been very good had it been seasoned enough .
1	after reading good reviews , we thought we 'd try this place out .
0	so , i came to the diner having already eaten a light breakfast .
1	i should have read all the reviews before sitting down to eat .
0	the place is not even kept up anymore .
1	wish i would have read the reviews before wasting my time .
0	it reminded me of a cheap college place .
1	i read a review from derek m and i scratch my head .
0	when the bill comes , it is _num_ dollars .
1	i wish i had read the reviews before getting food from there .
0	for a downtown attempt at luxury this is bad .
1	hopefully someone from petsmart corporate reads this review and fixes this problem .
0	ridiculous !
1	seems like the melting pot should read some of these reviews to make improvements .
0	i gave this place two tries and was disappointed both times .
1	read a review from the newspaper so i tried it .
0	when i got the food it was cold and i was so disappointed .
1	sit back , grab a cup of coffee and read on .
0	it is unfortunate .
1	people in this part of town also can not read or count money .
0	find a better management who does n't take your money and piss on you .
1	she read the number to me and it was n't even close to mine !
0	when i was little there was always enough donuts for everyone !
1	so much for reading the paper while drinking your morning coffee .
0	this place is horrible .
1	i read the awesome reviews on this site , therefore my expectations were high .
0	the food you need to be careful , because sometimes they are expired .
1	he 'd read rave reviews and thought , `` why not ?
0	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
1	never again if the owners are reading this please change your attitude .
0	none of us even like onions .
1	i am hoping management reads this and makes a serious improvement .
0	the food was n't very good at all .
1	after the reviews i read , i was expecting a really upscale salon .
0	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
1	then she had us quickly read them after it was over .
0	there 's zero ambiance , offers quick take-out and the service is rude .
1	believe every negative review you read here .
0	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
1	if you are reading this : you need me in your kitchen .
0	i was pretty disappointed by this experience .
1	i so wish i would have read yelp before taking my dog here .
0	if you have any common sense at all , please do n't stay here .
1	one tire was reading _num_ lbs and the other at _num_ lbs !
0	wild dogs could n't drag me back .
1	please read before wasting your time !
0	salmon salad was not good at all .
1	do not believe anything you read that counters the claims of horrible customer service .
0	also the inside is dirty as heck .
1	at least after reading some reviews i know it 's not just me .
0	she just disappeared again .
1	the following morning i was still waiting for the doctor to read the test .
0	the worst $ _num_ i 've ever spent .
1	i am not surprised to read all of the negative reviews .
0	when i walked in the place was empty .
1	so to everyone to reads this , save your time and shop somewhere else .
0	_num_ .
1	disappointed after reading pretty decent reviews on this place .
