0	oh , but wait until i got my bill !
1	forget getting prescriptions refilled without a required doctor visit so they can get $ .
0	the terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago ?
1	we had to flag down our waitress just to get refills .
0	my return is questionable .
1	never offered a refill on the water my girlfriend was drinking or another beer .
0	horrible , go to long john silver 's .
1	in fact , she never got refills for our drinks .
0	why would you not just get our drinks ?
1	unfortunately , i have to have my prescription refilled every two weeks .
0	if i had not already paid for the food , i would have left .
1	she only delivered our initial drink order and a water refill .
0	not a _num_ star .
1	our `` bottomless '' beverages were never refilled .
0	i ca n't imagine how this place has _num_ stars .
1	the waiter was nice , however , he only refilled our drinks like once .
0	i was given a _num_ dollar gift card .
1	and no refills on the sodas , either .
0	i would like to stress again though that my feet look awesome .
1	waited forever to get a refill for my drink forever .
0	disgusting .
1	the waitress never refilled our drinks even after we asked and she never smiled .
0	you will have to spend $ _num_ on a parking pass .
1	if anything , there should be free refills !
0	the waitress then proceeded to say the mussels were ready .
1	no refills offered on chips or drinks .
0	the mexican cookie was just the same consistency .
1	the waitresses were extremely fast , except for coffee refills .
0	trying to get something healthy , i ordered the apple pecan salad .
1	i have had multiple problems here including them losing my refill .
0	their prices are cheap , and our food was just ok .
1	until recently , they used to charge you for refills on drinks .
0	but it 's not well maintained .
1	could n't even get a refill on my coffee .
0	for some reason two drinks came out to $ _num_ .
1	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
0	first thing i realized is that there 's no bathroom in the room .
1	waitresses take forever to get you drink refills - unless its a bar item .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	while not too bad , the waiter never returned to refill our drinks .
0	do n't use the drive-thru .
1	they charge you for drink refills , they charge you for togo containers .
0	the most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat .
1	but misses the mark with j 's root beer refill .
0	will not go eat there again !
1	the waitress was bad and took _num_ minutes between refills .
0	shame on you benihana .
1	we never got a beverage refill and finished the pizza with nothing to drink .
0	when she delivered their food there was not a single mention of the delay .
1	she never refilled any of our drinks and just seemed sort of distracted .
0	it was dry , not at all crispy , and had no flavor .
1	i left a voicemail requesting the refill by that afternoon .
0	the room had a musty smell to it .
1	it took _num_ minutes to receive refills on our drinks .
0	i was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat .
1	the `` bottomless '' salad never had an offer of a refill .
0	one of worst patient experiences .
1	did n't refill drinks .
0	the sauce is very forgettable and watery .
1	she did n't ask us if we wanted drink refills or a to-go container .
0	i 'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible .
1	second , the sodas are not free refills !
0	there were five very small shrimp on the plate .
1	she was late on refills as well .
0	_num_ ) write down orders so you do n't forget .
1	not much service checking throughout the meal , we got our own drink refills .
0	i did n't have an issue with the place or the other patrons .
1	finally got refills only to come back with a dead fly in my cup .
0	waiter clearly did not know what he was talking about .
1	could n't get a refill in under _num_ minutes .
0	the two jumbo fried shrimp were ok.
1	they refilled the shrimp tempura one time .
0	it was loud and crowded .
1	after that he was really slow with the food and never came with refills .
0	i liked the bar .
1	the milk pitcher was never once refilled .
0	on top of it all , the coffee was horrible .
1	no refill offered this time on drink , no straw either .
0	the spicy sausage soup she first ordered was mostly broth .
1	sauce old and not even an offer to get drinks refilled .
0	i would n't even give them one star at this location !
1	on this hot spring day , we never got refills on our waters .
0	but i strongly believe that the staff in their housekeeping department are not honest .
1	the drinks were all ice and refills were not timely .
0	i was grateful for justin since he was the most helpful to me .
1	however , we only got a refill on the water when the check came .
0	left and halfway home , `` check engine '' light came back on .
1	lights kept going out , iced tea never got refilled .
0	i 'm sure the ending does n't get much better .
1	they would fill the water up with _num_ percent ice , refill again please .
0	will not be going back ever .
1	we did n't get bread refilled .
0	it was n't even spicy .
1	i did n't see him again except once when he refilled my soft drink .
0	the phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door .
1	the worst refill i have gotten in my life .
0	so , after all was said and done , my sandwich was just ok .
1	why does it take my call to get them to process the refill ?
0	unfortunately , the second visit was n't any better .
1	she never refilled our drinks either .
0	will never go back to that place again .
1	he did n't even refill our waters .
0	when was the last time you ate chinese food that was cold ?
1	our waiter was friendly , he came to refill our waters twice .
0	have consistently had rude customer service .
1	not once did my water get refilled .
0	we were starving waiting on our food .
1	then , we waited _num_ minutes for a tea refill .
0	do not go here -- find another dentist .
1	it took forever for us to get refills of our drinks .
0	was n't the best experience .
1	i had to get up twice for refills and walk over to the bar .
0	would not go back and would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	do not get propane refills at this location !
0	they also promised me a partial refund for my massive inconvenience .
1	the server checked back late upon original service and too late for drink refills .
0	service was terrible !
1	but he always refilled our drinks and cleared our plates away quickly .
0	i could n't finish my dinner i was so mad .
1	no refills , no checks on the food , nothing .
0	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
1	drinks were not refilled .
0	i still do n't understand why they served their fancy cream soda warm .
1	i never once got a refill , even when i asked .
0	essentially three pieces of toast with various toppings .
1	terrible experience with getting refills .
0	good food , but poor service at this particular location .
1	our waitress refilled our drinks and then disappeared !
0	i got the lobster roll and was really disappointed .
1	and i do n't even mean refilling your drink .
0	ashley furniture will get my business from now on .
1	and you wait forever for refills .
0	no sign of italian meat to be found .
1	i also ran into the slow refill issue that others mention .
0	not one good thing to say .
1	no refills on coffee , and the food was nowhere as good as previously .
0	terrible customer service !
1	for starters he refuse to refill a prescription for my son .
0	this place makes you feel unwelcome and dumb .
1	could never get a refill on my drink either .
0	went in to meet some friends who 'd come in from out of town .
1	i like that i can get an iced coffee and get my own refills .
0	it was almost empty and twice we had to have someone find our waitress .
1	the only thing they bothered to refill was water .
0	_num_ .
1	it 's not free refills fyi !
0	people are crazy about it but that thing tastes extremely ridiculous .
1	they charge about $ _num_ for a drink with no free refills .
0	so i do n't need to tell you how nasty that was .
1	i never received a refill , but our waiter was hard to find .
0	it came with mashed potatoes which were definitely from a package .
1	i called to get my refill after saying i had made an appointment .
0	i 'm trying the chicken tortilla soup and the french onion pot roast .
1	and did n't get a refill until after we got our appetizer .
0	however it wasnt until half way through my appointment that i got it .
1	she never refilled drinks or come back to check on the table .
0	first off , our waitress just was n't good .
1	finally , they refused to provide me with my dog 's prescriptions to refill !
0	and thus my rating of meh .
1	i went in for a physical in may , he gave me two refills .
0	not good .
1	water was never refilled and extra napkins never appeared .
0	it was nothing that would make me want to come back .
1	no water was ever refilled .
0	sent one of my companions to get me some water .
1	it took one kid _num_ minutes to refill our drink .
0	_num_ .
1	only way we got a drink refill was to flag down the waitress .
0	the artichoke dip was ok , but very greasy .
1	drinks ran low a few times and we had to ask for refills .
0	really turns me off .
1	since i never got a refill i ate my meal without water .
0	also , why have _num_ screens when you can have one huge one ?
1	every other time service was very slow and refills nonexistent .
0	crust not cooked enough etc i hope this is not a trend .
1	then we had to wait awhile to get our drinks refilled .
0	too bad .
1	the service sucked as my server struggled to refill my soda just once .
0	lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
1	as if we were forgotten about , no refills , no water as requested .
0	_num_ star average ?
1	i 'm dropping stars because it seems impossible to get a refill on soda .
0	they just lost a loyal customer ... never again .
1	staff is fast on refills of water which is always appreciated .
0	ate here on a saturday night for a friend 's birthday .
1	between ordering and after eating no one had refilled the coffee .
0	it 's a hit and miss .
1	never was asked if i wanted a refill on my tea .
0	the sandwich itself was , well , mediocre at best .
1	a refill was never offered .
0	this time , overpriced food and bad service .
1	i poured my own wine refills .
0	this was a friday , and he said he 'd call back on monday .
1	they never bothered to refill the bread basket .
0	i ate here when it opened , a and again _num_ years later .
1	did n't get any refills .
0	!
1	drinks refills took longer than they should have .
0	i would not recommend the spring rolls they are kinda bland .
1	and never refilled our empty water glasses .
0	extremely disappointed , food was absolutely awful .
1	water were never refilled unless we asked .
0	fist we wait _num_ mins or so to be seated .
1	no refills were offered .
0	i did n't touch anyone .
1	she did n't check on refills .
0	we finished our dumplings .
1	took way too long to get my drink refills .
0	i am standing waiting for our table _num_ minutes past our time .
1	received a round of refills at one point but they did n't bring mine .
0	extremely disappointing .
1	i finished my water before our food got there and never received a refill .
0	outside of that bar louie leaves a lot to be desired .
1	mind you , we 've had zero drink refills at this point .
0	when the oysters came out , they did n't even look like oysters .
1	no refill in drinks except ice tea .
0	i got food poisoning and was so sick .
1	we received not quite refills about _num_ minutes after we received our plates .
0	there was no background music .
1	did n't get drink refills at all .
0	today i gave them _num_ chance .
1	i assumed i was covered for my next refill .
0	while here , we sampled the blueberry mojito and the cucumber basil martini .
1	and of course , we never had to wait long for a drink refill .
0	good food , but i wo n't be in a hurry to go back .
1	my drink was never refilled .
0	i would n't wish this place on my own worst enemy .
1	they turn off the pepsi machine so you ca n't get a refill .
0	i 've gotten my nails done quickly before though and had much better quality .
1	took another _num_ minutes for appetizers and first drink refills .
0	the elevator moved really slow .
1	our waters were n't refilled but once .
0	most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless .
1	long wait time for initial service and drink refills .
0	_num_ strikes .
1	i could n't even get a refill .
0	unfortunately for olive or twist , the visit would probably be our last .
1	brittany came back and only asked to refill my friend 's drink .
0	they also have fake sales .
1	the waitress did n't give us refills and nothing was clean .
0	it was very awkward considering it was a first date .
1	incorrect drink refills , arrogant and incredibly slow service .
0	we just ignored this and ate the calamari , as is .
1	they refilled our glasses only once , after we had asked for the check .
0	they will ruin your car .
1	had our drinks refilled , then finally the chef showed up .
0	spicy and thick it went down easy enough .
1	had to track down another server twice for drink refills and our check .
0	so i guess if you want an authentic pittsburgh experience then go here .
1	still no refill .
0	i pushed it away ugh !
1	i called cvs to refill my own prescription .
0	they did not fix the building by the way .
1	waters were n't refilled .
0	sarcastic bartender and place half empty .
1	second , i never got a refill on my soda .
0	to be fair , our assigned server was very nice .
1	i replied no , to the refill , and no to boxes .
0	the bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time .
1	we could n't even get water refills .
0	she thought the potato side was just so-so .
1	drinks not refilled !
0	leftovers .
1	waitresses avoided our table handed out checks refilled glasses to other customers .
0	the building we stayed in was not full .
1	they brought wrong order and we waited for tea refill forever .
0	literally the worst experience ever .
1	my drink was also never refilled .
0	wo n't visit again .
1	during the entire time we were there , no one got offered drink refills .
0	the drop off process for returning your cable box is ridiculous .
1	she never once refilled our waters .
0	mama ricotta will be a better option .
1	he walked by a dozen times but no refills and no more bread .
0	ordered two spicy chicken combos yesterday at around _num_ o'clock .
1	server never asked about refills for drinks .
0	i am paying almost _num_ bucks for this sub .
1	water glass was refilled promptly the one time it was starting to look empty .
0	it really does n't hit you , until it ... hits you .
1	but we had to be rather obvious to get refills .
0	the owner clearly has no idea how to cut curly hair .
1	she was great in ordering , but as for refilling drinks ?
0	unless you want to catch a disease .
1	_num_ more minutes go by , our bus boy comes again to refill waters .
0	the food is poor .
1	our drinks were refilled often without being asked .
0	because there regular food is mall grade at best .
1	they were even willing to refill your drinks for you .
0	neither of us had cash on us , ( umm ... sorry ? )
1	the service was rude and o refills have come .
0	i am not changing my review nor am i removing it .
1	i asked for a refill on my drink , never got one .
0	food was only just ok and service was even worse .
1	our ice teas were low and she never offered to refill them .
0	_num_ .
1	meanwhile she neglected refills , messed up food orders , and forgot drink orders .
0	my experience at this friday 's was not what i was expecting .
1	we never got asked if we needed anything else and received no water refill .
0	i am so disappointed .
1	a water refill should n't take longer then preparing _num_ dishes .
0	ok , i get it , your busy .
1	water refills _num_ minutes plus .
0	do not stay here .
1	stop charging for refills , ted 's .
0	first time i 've eaten here i went during lunch time .
1	could n't get a refill on my soda .
0	the food is cheap .
1	water was slow to be refilled .
0	my salad came out shortly after the appetizer sliders .
1	slow to get drink refills , did n't offer to bring more chips .
0	their market square location worse .
1	could n't get a water refill until after i was finished with my meal .
0	she did n't listen at all .
1	i went to get my refill and was charged $ _num_ !
0	they said it would take another two hours to start work .
1	no offer to refill drinks or for water .
0	i will not be back again to eat .
1	but ca n't he refill drinks too ?
0	at best , less than mediocre breakfast .
1	drinks never refilled .
0	( $ _num_ for a hair cut i was n't satisfied with ) .
1	no refills of the tea were ever offered .
0	it was around 2:30 and empty .
1	my husband was never even able to get a refill on his drink .
0	my wife 's dinner was bland .
1	prescription refills are slow .
0	this time we literally got sat at a table in the kitchen hallway .
1	no prompt refills on iced tea .
0	person on the taking orders was rude when i called back with a problem .
1	do n't charge me for a fountain pop refill .
0	no excuse for an overcooked steak ever , and all ordered medium rare .
1	they forgot orders and they never refilled our cups .
0	you try holding a scared cat in a room full of dogs .
1	i wandered the restaurant to find someone to refill my tea .
0	very poor .
1	we did n't get checked on ... no refills and kind of rude attitude .
0	omg , the cheese cake ( at $ _num_ ) was very dry .
1	like my soda refill , the tortillas never showed up .
0	there is nothing chinese about the food !
1	_num_ ) finally , they got the auto refill up and running .
0	a few uninterested waiters wandering in back .
1	never asked how the food was , never refilled our drinks .
0	it 's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store .
1	the orange juice was in buckets ready to be refilled .
0	my caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland .
1	our tea glasses became dry , no one came by to refill .
0	i no longer have to carry around my terrible , terrible secret .
1	however , brother got _num_ refills no second thought on pop .
0	horrible customer service .
1	she did n't refill drinks .
0	so much for trying to support local business .
1	food came late , drinks were n't refilled in a timely manner .
0	the pork fried rice was actually pork burnt rice , nasty ( _num_ ) .
1	the waiter had to flagged down to get refills ever dissapointed in the service .
0	this made my food experience not good .
1	so , obviously , no free refills .
0	first of all , the gym in pretty cheap .
1	the service was extremely slow and refills were hard to come by .
0	after _num_ years i 'd hoped they would have improved but i was wrong .
1	oh , and they charge for soda refills .
0	do yourself a favor and avoid the original fish market .
1	he 'd refill our drinks and was on the ball .
0	the menu says there 's a charge for fried rice instead of white .
1	this saturday morning i called the office to have her medication refilled .
0	not hot at all ... .
1	the waiter never did refill my water glass .
0	the hallways smell like hot garbage , always .
1	did n't bring my refill receipts and got charged _num_ .
0	but i do n't think i 'll be going back anytime soon .
1	asked to refill my coffee and got a cold one .
0	the hostess was very short with me and my date .
1	never refilled our waters .
0	that was not a real latte .
1	my water never got refilled despite his two promises to fill it .
0	not the cleanest establishment .
1	our waters were never refilled .
0	its a dry dough too , very dry .
1	they charge $ _num_ per refill .
0	terrible wait staff could n't even seat us .
1	i flagged our waiter down , and asked for a refill again .
0	over charge and terrible food .
1	i should n't have to ask for refills .
0	anyone who had french fries said they were cold .
1	we ate over half our meals without any refills .
0	they have the worst transportation service ever in pittsburgh .
1	_num_ mins later we get our refills .
0	needless to say ... i will never go there again !
1	slow on the water refills .
0	cold food !
1	slow service would n't even refill my drink .
0	also , not one of us got ours cooked as ordered .
1	none of our drinks were refilled .
0	they have a salt problem .
1	drinks were never refilled .
0	maybe it 's just the built in crowd .
1	our drinks are empty and i have to ask to get refills .
0	what a disappointing easter dinner .
1	i did n't get a refill .
0	it was hardly edible .
1	they checked and told me my tires were fine and they refilled my tires .
