0	this place is going downhill fast .
1	the fried pickles were n't what i remembered .
0	she was rude and all over the place .
1	the restaurant interior looked exactly as i had remembered .
0	poor customer service !
1	i ca n't remember worse service at a restaurant .
0	over time i 've been ignored , greeted with `` what do you want ?
1	nothing like i remember .
0	the place is crowded and cramped too , but not unpleasant .
1	not what i remembered from this place .
0	we used a coupon from the paper for a _num_ topping _num_ cut sicilian .
1	i just remember it was so gross .
0	too many other good choices nearby to give them a second chance - sorry .
1	i remember red lobster used to be good for sea food .
0	this is ridiculous .
1	i ca n't seem to remember , i must have lobster brain now !
0	pirates , steelers , penguins etc ?
1	the food was sadly less than i remember .
0	it was by far the worst experience at a restaurant i have had .
1	but i could n't remember what the charge was to do it .
0	customer service was poor and unfriendly .
1	she ca n't even remember basic things about your pregnancy during your appointments .
0	but the biggest problem is the food and drink .
1	i would n't remember it even existed .
0	i was rear ended at a stop sign , was n't my fault .
1	this is not the coco 's i remember years ago .
0	but also way over prices .
1	i have got to remember to stop going there .
0	they refuse to put anything on paper .
1	i do n't remember our waitresses name .
0	here 's where it gets bad .
1	remember , small town feel , big city ?
0	i sat down in the chair for pedicure .
1	food : sunday brunch was not as good as i remembered it .
0	after about _num_ minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly .
1	i will remember to never return while i 'm in pittsburgh .
0	on top of that he is very rude and has no customer service skills .
1	i immediately remembered why i did n't want to go back !
0	place is ok but a little uncomfortable .
1	it was not that good like years ago i remember it .
0	the guy who processed our registration was patronizing and slow .
1	once we walked in the door i remembered why .
0	just when we thought the worst was over we were wrong .
1	very classy , wish i could remember her name .
0	cheap , everyone seems to say that .
1	if i remembered her name , i would definitely mention it in this review .
0	i did n't understand why he was asking that or the reason .
1	i sure do remember the fish pieces being alot bigger .
0	big box , impersonal hotel .
1	food wise , it was the arby 's that we remembered .
0	long story short , we passed on dessert .
1	all i remember is it was pretty expensive and it was n't even good .
0	they lost out big time with me .
1	it was not as good as he or i remembered .
0	as far as the menu , i was n't impressed .
1	they need to remember that most people do n't frequent the airport .
0	he refuses .
1	i wish i could remember the other thing , but it was better .
0	i said no thanks .
1	after she remembered what we ordered , it took _num_ minutes to get there .
0	it 's just bad .
1	remember , i came here for brakes .
0	the omelet was uninspired .
1	( it was empty remember ?
0	$ _num_ wasted because i never got my massage .
1	last thing i want to add : remember the name `` rita '' .
0	the pad thai was bland and generic , and tasted almost gummy .
1	so , why say you remember me if you honestly do n't ?
0	avoid at all costs !
1	every time i did i would remember why i wanted to stop .
0	they complained that our house was not clean and scared off the potential tenants .
1	now i remember why we stopped coming .
0	anything dealing with food is a train wreck .
1	our dining experience at this restaurant was the worst i can remember !
0	i just do n't understand why they 're so lazy .
1	first off i do n't remember her saying this .
0	so he ca n't bother with mine .
1	we used to go here and i remember it being much better .
0	that completely turned us away from this restaurant .
1	i do n't remember if he actually got his food first .
0	then _num_ mins to get our food !
1	remember that oil check i mentioned above ?
0	so that was weird .
1	it was just as i remembered .
0	_num_ - put the drink prices on the website too .
1	got ta remember not to return here ever !
0	the salad was made with iceberg lettuce and did n't look appetizing .
1	my problem is i remember how much better it once was .
0	probably one of the worst places i have been to recently .
1	they tasted weird , not like how i remember .
0	worst tofu scramble ever .
1	the server was so terrible i can hardly remember the food experience .
0	but it was not the dress she ordered .
1	from my memory the pizza was better than i remember but not great .
0	i did n't know hamburgers were traditional italian fare .
1	remember , i was here for lunch and they just opened .
0	no thanks .
1	i wish i could remember his name .
0	the problem is , they do n't show on the assigned day to clean .
1	there was one nice girl there n wish i could remember her name .
0	ugh .
1	i ca n't remember how it happened .
0	nothing !
1	just do n't , but if you do remember i warned you .
0	this experience was not worth the beautiful dresses .
1	not at all how i used to remember pei wei food .
0	absurd .
1	not like i remember it .
0	literally disgusting .
1	i remember this place and how terrible it was even two years ago .
0	do not waste your money .
1	i ordered one of their burgers that i could n't remember the name .
0	interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already .
1	it was the first time i can remember actually being angry at my lunch .
0	the worst american version of italian food .
1	now i remember why i had n't gone back .
0	i was going to have so much done , too !
1	i remember when going to the spaghetti company was something to look forward to .
0	just clear me out and get on with the next one .
1	this is not the black angus i remember .
0	salad was average at best .
1	i do n't remember the bathrooms .
0	i would like to stress again though that my feet look awesome .
1	these are the worst tamales that i remember eating .
0	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
1	the chicken is n't as crispy and juicy as i remembered .
0	this trend has to stop , it is not ok .
1	now i remember why we switched to home depot paint .
0	breeze and the cat was tested and was negative .
1	and i quickly remembered why !
0	and again naturally , no return phone call .
1	he could n't remember what i ordered .
0	they were served with a side of bland , instant rice and black beans .
1	i did n't remember so i told them whose party we were attending .
0	absolutely no problems .
1	hooters is not the same as i remembered this .
0	the menu offerings were spotty .
1	remember to stay away from american brands .
0	i called two more times after this with no call back .
1	she walked me to my car and remembered , so she went back in .
0	no , we did not order any super fancy dishes .
1	i remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food .
0	why _num_ star ?
1	i wish i could remember her name .
0	avoid .
1	we also asked for extra ice and such , but our waitress never remembered .
0	the eastern european girl at the register is awful .
1	i now remember why i have n't been to an ihop in _num_ years .
0	really need to put some money into this place .
1	i remember most of it being pretty bland and dry .
0	does n't even taste good as american style chinese food .
1	the thing is that none of these are anything that you could remember .
0	it was n't even spicy .
1	this time i will remember to ask for the spiciness to be _num_ .
0	my order was $ _num_ .
1	cooks do n't remember what you order .
0	we had to send the potatoes back because they were cold .
1	i remembered only _num_ booths , _num_ or _num_ tables .
0	terrible !
1	i would not recommend not the honey bears i remember , counter service sucks .
0	no offer to adjust my membership so i ask for $ _num_ refund .
1	it was my 2nd time there and it was n't anything like i remembered .
0	i 've taken my car here at least twice .
1	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
0	the pizza was just ok .
1	not being to one in forever , now i remember why .
0	i would n't recommend this mechanic to anyone .
1	i have been riding the bus for as long as i can remember .
0	'
1	the food was n't as flavorful as i remember it to be .
0	omg what a nightmare .
1	i remember the sizzling chicken and shrimp being tasty ; however not this visit .
0	`` unfortunately we do n't have that information . ''
1	price : wow , i remember when it was actually cheap to eat here .
0	it then took another _num_ minutes to get wine glasses .
1	i will have to remember to stop on my way home from work elsewhere .
0	no dipping oil with herbs and spices .
1	my mistake that i ca n't remember her name .
0	meh , i 've experienced better is an understatement .
1	i wish i could remember their names to give them props .
0	the beer selection is n't that great and the upstairs bar is not full .
1	i went today and now i remember why i quit going .
0	worst experience ever !
1	i remember pizza hut used to be the place to get the best pizza .
0	we hopped this was a one off and not typical .
1	then he remembers that i still need to sign off on the receipt .
0	she was sick six ways to sunday .
1	remember i did not place the order .
0	i do n't see why people really like this place .
1	then i remembered , i had come in for tooth pain .
0	also the driver forgot to bring my drinks .
1	i 'm sure it 's difficult to remember the details of every client complaint .
0	we can not , therefore , understand the rave reviews .
1	i remember eating here a few years ago and the food was bland .
0	they all look like they hate their job .
1	i told him `` just remember , it 's not their fault they suck .
0	it is n't a bad experience .
1	the cuts of fish were not uniform and thinner than we remember .
0	i went and told carmax and they said ford was lying .
1	it was so long ago i was there i ca n't remember the service .
0	i asked if she had pbr , and she replied she did n't know .
1	remember , they were n't even dead .
0	the food was bland .
1	i do n't remember any dance lasting for at least one whole song .
0	is n't that what baked ziti is ?
1	the pasta , however was completely different than i remember it .
0	bottom line : not terrible , but very underwhelmed by the coffee and service .
1	i remember the tin angel of the 80s and 90s .
0	do not go here for waxing !
1	remember , these are young students , they have no experience .
0	servers here can be really rude .
1	it did n't take long to remember why i had n't been there .
0	we will not be going back .
1	they were busy but not crazy like i remember the charleston location being .
0	my daughter ordered the fettuccine alfredo and it was quite bland .
1	i ca n't remember when i have ever left fried calamari on my plate .
0	the cheese is almost too much .
1	remember , you have been warned ( on the pancakes ) .
0	the baked potato was awful and the service was mediocre .
1	the toppings were sparse and the overall taste , well nothing like i remember .
0	maybe they should pay me for this responsibility .
1	the worst lunch i can remember having .
0	i only go there when dragged by coworkers .
1	i ca n't remember what hubby ate .
0	my wife ended up going to the bathroom for paper towels .
1	once delivered , remember late , i could not believe what i had seen .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	thinking back i do remember having a problem at this location about _num_ yrs .
0	no fitted sheets on the beds ?
1	could n't remember anything .
0	i am sorry to say i did not get it .
1	seems like he remembers his regulars .
0	i do n't mind them being cash only .
1	so , the only spot i could remember was sushi _num_ .
0	this place just bored me .
1	i do n't even remember what we got it was so forgettable .
0	i again had offended by my request .
1	the food was great like i remembered but the service was terrible .
0	this place is one of the worst dental offices i 've ever walked into .
1	_num_ % of the workers here probably ca n't even remember their own names .
0	the doctor confirmed her prescription was accurate and the glasses were off .
1	the food did n't taste the same as i remembered .
0	i wo n't go back to this location .
1	the black bean fritters were ... not what i remembered .
0	they charge at least $ _num_ more for bridesmaids alteration of a short dress .
1	( remember that our _num_ year old is still waiting there . )
0	food was awful .
1	truly the worst customer service experience i can remember in a very long time .
0	even whole foods is less expensive .
1	called and spoke to someone whose name i dont remember .
0	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
1	the food was even worse than i remembered .
0	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
1	unfortunately , the negative aspects also are as i remembered .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	i ca n't even remember what i ordered .
0	i had very little meat in mine , and more coleslaw that anything else .
1	he acted confused and did not remember seeing me earlier that day .
0	papa j 's is no longer the only game in town .
1	i do n't remember seeing a roulette wheel .
0	i ordered a drink _num_ times and never got it .
1	the escargot came and did not taste as great as i had remembered .
0	i asked for my money back .
1	have no fear , once the food is served , you quickly remember .
0	however , the service is seriously lacking .
1	now i remember why i stopped coming here .
0	considering the size of pittsburgh , the bus system here is actually pathetic .
1	i have been a steelers fan as long as i can remember .
0	the menu states there are _num_ market priced items .
1	one of the worse meals i can remember having .
0	the flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland .
1	this is not the lulu 's i remember .
0	she offered me two different stylists by name with no other information .
1	i do n't even remember it .
0	wish there was a choice of no stars .
1	i wish i could remember this one 's name .
0	most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless .
1	do n't really remember it being so bad when i was younger lol .
0	how far we have fallen .
1	sadly i do n't remember her name .
0	false advertising at its best -- should n't that be illegal ?
1	i do n't remember this same set up at the phoenix location .
0	she did n't say a word to us .
1	ca n't remember what my wife had but we did n't finish either meal .
0	if i could give negative stars i certainly would for this place .
1	it 's impersonal , she gives you a number to remember .
0	i would not leave my dogs there .
1	i do n't even remember her name at this point .
0	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
1	sure , i wrote that down and remembered it _num_ months later .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	it just makes me remember how bad they are .
0	my husband let me try a bite of his rueben which was really good .
1	if you remember the old eagle mountain you will be disappointed .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	macayos is not as good as i remembered .
0	there are no descriptions for any of the rolls .
1	after i ordered food i remembered i needed a gift card .
0	i really do n't understand the hype of this place .
1	i remember it used to be in better condition however .
0	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
1	does not leave a good impression as the last thing you remember .
0	i ca n't begin to express my disappointment in your establishment .
1	i remembered liking them in the past but they just tasted bad .
0	but the place was disgusting and the cashier was incredibly rude .
1	i remember it being much better a long , long time ago .
0	the beef pho was sub par .
1	and the rice , well , i do n't even remember .
0	- the fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here .
1	my husband made a comment about how he remembers outback being so much better .
0	thankfully they give it to me without further lip .
1	remember , there are many car rental choices available .
0	the steak was ice cold .
1	the only thing i can remember eating were onion rings .
0	but it 's soooooo bland !
1	the absolute worst place i 've eaten in as long as i can remember .
0	to me , thats a big factor in rating restaurants .
1	remember , breakfast only at this place .
0	the fourth got his about _num_ minutes later and his food was terrible .
1	i could n't remember her name as she really did n't help anyway .
0	almost every time i have been let down .
1	ca n't remember the last time i had a manicure .
0	i was extremely disappointed w/ my experience at alexander 's last evening .
1	we ordered a blooming onion and it was not like i remember .
0	, the service was fine , but the food was totally forgettable .
1	the buffet did n't have as many offerings as i previously remembered .
0	there were no pictures hung in the room to improve the appearance .
1	thinking about it i cant remember ever having a bad bagel before this .
0	the barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push .
1	remember , i 'm with my _num_ year old .
0	so i guess i did a good job at picking out the wine .
1	the portions were smaller than i remembered .
0	we walked in and waited to be sat .
1	just remember that it 's a cash only joint !
0	i do n't get it .
1	just like i remembered it !
0	does zero good to complain .
1	i do n't remember it being this bad .
0	i got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted .
1	i remember them being so much better too .
0	do not go here for service on your bike .
1	oh yea , i remember why i quit going to safeway .
0	good store - rude owners and employees .
1	not sure why but did not remember paying for a color changing burrito .
0	the only thing i liked was their ranch sauce .
1	sometimes things are not as good as you remember them .
0	crappy service and food .
1	i really wish i could remember her name she deserves _num_ stars .
0	which you failed , because of your tire .
1	remembering last years visit we were disappointed .
0	they lead me to each exit , and each time they were locked .
1	i remember there was _num_ hostesses .
0	it 's annoying , i get it .
1	i do n't remember our last apartments having so many inspections in one year .
0	coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce i smothered on it .
1	now i remember why i do n't come here .
0	unless olive garden is closed , do n't go here .
1	could n't remember why .
0	any way i could n't figure out what their problem was .
1	it must not have been bad because i do n't remember anything about it .
0	i do n't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff .
1	for the life of me , i can not remember his name .
0	so why is laundry on liberty so expensive and so busted ?
1	said they could give a gold crown and remember we were willing to pay !
0	my girlfriend ordered sesame chicken and it tasted like fish .
1	have n't been here in a while but not as good as i remembered .
0	not my scene whatsoever !
1	pizza was as i remembered though .
0	the managers do n't care .
1	we had the worst meal today that either of us can remember .
0	check my purse , yes , but leave my purse with complete strangers ?
1	the food has gone completely downhill from what i remember .
0	they could n't find it in the `` on holds area '' wth ?
1	i had visited this restaurant in the past and remember it being much better ?
0	dirty paper towels all over the women 's bathroom .
1	ca n't remember his name which is a shame .
0	go in summer or no point in going .
1	remember this was a $ _num_ hand wash and wax .
0	what 's worse ?
1	it just was n't as good as we remembered .
0	i 'm not joking about the water .
1	asiago , and two more , i dont remember the names .
0	nothing special in flavor or presentation .
1	when we got to the commercial sales counter the employee did remember my call .
0	i expressed my disappointment and said please do what you need to do .
1	i remember breakfast buffets that cheap .
0	was so salty and just not good .
1	remember when they were _num_ , _num_ cents ?
0	i gave half of it to my husband to eat .
1	now remember this is not a buffet .
0	slow service .
1	i will say this , it is not the church brew that i remember .
0	beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks .
1	it 's just generally not as good as i remember .
0	terrible for business travel .
1	i have to remember to check the bag and it 's really annoying .
0	that is not a way to earn anyone 's business !
1	got some salesperson , do n't remember his name .
0	why does n't the schedule know this ?
1	the daycare , as i remember it , was a wild mess .
