0	not very complicated .
1	luckily we never had any major repairs .
0	how hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms , seriously ?
1	they cost me more money in repairs .
0	_num_ .
1	they told me i needed repairs costing a few thousand dollars .
0	that was one of the worst burritos i have ever , ever had .
1	total repair is less than $ _num_ .
0	they fell apart .
1	_num_ months later and my pool is in need of repair .
0	my salad had a rotten tomato and a hair ( not mine ) .
1	needless to say , my car is being repaired by van 's .
0	_num_ . )
1	the car has been in too many times to count for repairs .
0	pedicure 's are overpriced and they do basically nothing .
1	it is the worst , worst , worst repair place hands down .
0	after standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check .
1	unfortunately , i was not expecting a $ _num_ and $ _num_ repair estimate .
0	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
1	they attempted to repair the damage , albeit very poorly upon the return .
0	as it is , i wish i 'd gone somewhere else .
1	zoo itself is in a mediocre state of repair .
0	it was gross .
1	the repairs would cost me over _num_ , so i said no .
0	i could get food faster in a prison cell .
1	also , i am not in deep with a complete front engine repair .
0	the bartenders had no desire to serve `` us '' .
1	went in on a tuesday morning at 10:30 to get my ring repaired .
0	this really is n't somewhere i want to be .
1	various receptionists gave me false information on how to schedule the estimates and repairs .
0	the servers are polite , but extremely inattentive .
1	look elsewhere for your watch repair and jewelry repair needs !
0	what a disappointment .
1	i paid $ _num_ for repairs .
0	it was a basic salad , no big deal .
1	the first repair was n't even the problem .
0	last night i decided to give it another try and got crappy mozzarella sticks .
1	we had terrible service from them on our clothes washer repair .
0	i came away with none of it .
1	i can only imagine what goes on in the repair area .
0	it had a huge hair in it , all wound around the crab .
1	typical auto repair shop trying to steal money especially from young women .
0	bad facility , even without a trash can in the room .
1	just recently i took my car there for repairs it needed .
0	instead , it was dry and tasteless i know filling .
1	no complicated repairs ... just bands .
0	the service , on the other hand , was terrible .
1	they came back out to fix their mistake and the second repair looks terrible .
0	we ai n't got no hashbrowns !
1	i trusted m & i for years with watch repairs .
0	is it worth the $ _num_ cover on fridays ?
1	thank god i did not let midas do any repairs on my car .
0	probably not ordering from here again .
1	claimed his repair guy was out of cell range all day .
0	i will not be going back .
1	it 's harder to repair a negative visit than it is to prevent one .
0	nothing that really stands out .
1	took it elsewhere and it was immediately repaired .
0	i will avoid this one at the waterfront for awhile .
1	my husband left the car again to have the repair corrected .
0	it made me kind of sad .
1	the watch repair guy is even worse .
0	the elevator moved really slow .
1	our other vehicle was in an accident and needed this one repaired asap .
0	very strange experience .
1	and more importantly , the apple store repairs computers .
0	i will not be a repeat patron .
1	_num_ minutes later , one of the repair staff found the time .
0	first , let me say i wish you could leave _num_ stars .
1	another week goes a part comes in geek squad comes to repair .
0	service was really bad even though the place was half empty .
1	terrible quality for a $ _num_ repair .
0	but the overall vibe is weird and the service sucks .
1	i paid $ _num_ to get nothing repaired .
0	i can not recommend this company .
1	they also had to come out for repairs _num_ times .
0	my first impression was the outdated decor .
1	for supplies and repairs we pay a few hundred every month .
0	i again had offended by my request .
1	we 've been waiting on an ac repair for _num_ weeks .
0	_num_ .
1	more repairs are not in my budget at this point .
0	_num_ star for food , gross !
1	then i was lied to about the repairs being done in the store .
0	this should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction .
1	the martin was a warrant repair , the other was not .
0	all tasted like old food .
1	i only stopped because i needed ta repair that day and they were close .
0	he did the total opposite .
1	i took it into a repair shop and spent over _num_ dollars in repairs .
0	no thanks , much better candy shops around the city .
1	this repair shop is not open 24/7 as it states on yelp .
0	stringy , asian crab that was definitely pre-made .
1	her prices are rock bottom for cheap watch batteries , and simple jewelry repair .
0	left this store and went to jiffy lube down the street .
1	do not even allow them attempt repairs !
0	days old , cold , hard , inedible .
1	let me repeat that , the terrible repairs were done in march .
0	when i want to cook pretentious gourmet food , they have every ingredient ready .
1	after an inspection , they told her she might need some repairs .
0	the most disappointing part is the sushi itself .
1	i google appliance repair in vegas because my old go-to company have disappeared .
0	the fish and chips looked great but it did n't taste like anything !
1	the technician admitted fault and promised to get it repaired .
0	it was loud and crowded .
1	national home warranty seems to use this company for most of its repairs .
0	certainly , this was not worth the $ _num_ price .
1	_num_ months later they still have not repaired my oven .
0	i ordered food that i believed was gluten free .
1	my car seat was never fully repaired on my purchase date as promised .
0	it was pasta , after all , one small serving of each .
1	felt like i just took my car in to the repair shop .
0	second of all , and more important , the service here is terrible .
1	i got my car back from my mechanic , no repairs were needed .
0	an expensive mess .
1	and to repair everything they want $ _num_ .
0	shrimp was hard to chew .
1	several repair request were made throughout the year .
0	ordered a gyro and the meat was cold .
1	only , they would not cover the compressor repair .
0	their service is a hot mess !
1	their repair quote was _num_ times what i got from two other companies .
0	it blew my crappy tacos out of the water !
1	u could find much better places for computer repairs ... .
0	_num_ stars .
1	( actual repair cost around $ _num_ ) .
0	the sad part about this is they really try .
1	i just kept quiet looked at what they said needed repairs for my car .
0	every time , we have a worse experience with customer service .
1	and that has nothing to do with the repairs we already did .
0	it was just so-so .
1	they insisted they could have done the repair .
0	overpriced merchandise that does not last .
1	the worst incident occurred when i took my engagement ring in for a repair .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ items is crazy !
1	that side of the restaurant needs repairs and lots of upgrades .
0	but it 's not well maintained .
1	got stuck waiting for car repairs and decided to try them again .
0	Positive
1	the place is more like a junk store than a reputable shoe repair .
0	the lady who runs the office is unpleasant and rude .
1	very unsatisfied with the professionalism and with the bike repair .
0	my friend 's greek salad however was very tasty .
1	once i approved the repairs , it took almost _num_ weeks to fix .
0	do not go here for service on your bike .
1	maybe this shop is better at shoe repair than leather repair .
0	for dinner i ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes .
1	he said none of those repairs were needed at all .
0	fifteen minutes later , the waitress returned , but not with our food .
1	he returned to tell me that he had a guy who would repair it .
0	very disappointed .
1	be sure to review all repairs with them before leaving your car there .
0	very bad service .
1	tile repair job in the bathroom was also shoddy .
0	my god the sun will be coming up soon !
1	i did so because martin has him as a repair facility .
0	yep , this place is terrible .
1	so i did the repair myself .
0	i had two dogs , fries , and a coke for lunch .
1	i returned to bmw to have them complete these repairs .
0	the only thing worse than the food is the service .
1	i do n't want a windshield repair ( does it look cracked ?
0	i 'm not against p.f .
1	findlay repair shop sucks !
0	tables are often dirty .
1	there are other repair stores in phoenix , use one of them .
0	i really do n't see the hype .
1	shoe repair takes forever .
0	i open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed .
1	which is why anyone gets their warranty coverage , to repair said leak .
0	he ate it and did n't complain ... .
1	had a bad car repair experience with them .
0	this was really disappointing .
1	a $ _num_ oil change is now going to cost me hundreds in repairs .
0	this place is popular , but it is just is not for me !
1	called porter for a quote on a tile repair job .
0	friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad .
1	all my repairs were not covered by the basic _num_ months warranty .
0	not the best dinner they have eaten .
1	must have them repaired properly ( if able ) .
0	we had reservations , which was good because it was packed that saturday night .
1	as another reviewer mentioned the cracked seats are in need of repair .
0	worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
1	it seems like nobody is willing to repair anything anymore .
0	owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal .
1	out the door , $ _num_ for repairs .
0	from the other reviews it seems i did n't miss anything .
1	terrible service for repairs .
0	not very tasty .
1	i regret have told anyone to take their watches there for repair .
0	from horrible service to terrible seafood ... would never return .
1	it was not running as well as before they repaired it .
0	it 's not .
1	this was the worst experience i have ever had with any repair shop !
0	extremely long lines , and poorly trained staff .
1	they quoted me a repair of about $ _num_ .
0	seriously i waited in the drive thru for like _num_ minutes .
1	when they finally delivered our goods , so many things were smashed beyond repair .
0	delivery was fast but the food was terrible !
1	thank goodness i said no and stumbled upon the watch repair shop in sears .
0	Negative
1	for this specific repair , parts and labor would be about $ _num_ .
0	the `` new '' rooms are terrible .
1	$ _num_ service charge to start for hot tub repair .
0	i would go here if the service was faster and better .
1	i can not speak to their repair work .
0	really do n't get the high praise for their pizza .
1	total cost of repair with labor : $ _num_ .
0	there are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money .
1	so these guys almost made me spend $ _num_ for unnecessary repairs .
0	no potatoes or any other filling except a few peas .
1	he never responded to my call for repairs .
0	i became very angry .
1	worst repair shop in town !
0	i pushed it away ugh !
1	i was approached by erin at this gas station to have my windshield repaired .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	appliances are being repaired onsite .
0	after getting my `` window '' they never showed up .
1	the worst watch repair shop in las vegas .
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	i brought my laptop here to get repaired on thursday .
0	careless workmanship is all you 'll find here .
1	the dealership was less than this repair shop .
0	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
1	however , if they break again , he will repair them for free .
0	it was n't a memorable meal or experience .
1	initial scan for engine trouble codes and written estimate for repairs '' .
0	of shrimp and _num_ scallops with very little salad greens for alot of money .
1	usually do n't they just repair it .
0	my wife ended up going to the bathroom for paper towels .
1	he was the only reason why i would go there for repairs .
0	no one .
1	the floor in the bathroom by the sink and tub were poorly repaired .
0	there was absolutely no excuse for his attitude .
1	so because of their mistake i know have a $ _num_ repair .
0	big corporate america places only get one shot w us .
1	everything in our apartment was in need of repair .
0	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
1	in january , they still had not repaired it .
0	what was originally an average lowe 's has turned into lowe 's hell .
1	i know a lot about cars but was getting lazy about my own repairs .
0	and at least i put my cart back .
1	that was enough for me to look elsewhere for auto repair .
0	this place was trashy , dirty and probably not even up to code .
1	recently had my car in for a/c fan repair .
0	but i already had a bad taste in my mouth .
1	worst auto repair shop ever !
0	the upscale prices did not match the dingy and dirty store .
1	high priced and the clock repair person was arrogant and rude .
0	food was mediocre .
1	my girlfriend had her car repaired at this firestone location back in march .
0	- kind of dead on a monday night with 3/4 of the place empty .
1	the doors were in ill repair and in need of replacement .
0	they were large , tough and tasteless .
1	it took _num_ weeks for them to come out and repair .
0	i will not be returning again .
1	i know my car , and i know what repairs where needed .
0	i just had the worst meal ever here .
1	it would have been several hundred $ and the wrong item repaired .
0	please save your money and visit another store or company .
1	with three kids did not want to risk it and had the repairs done .
0	i do n't know if they hate working there or hate serving people .
1	and repairs as simple as a toilet handle fix take days .
0	i was grateful for justin since he was the most helpful to me .
1	either way they nearly cost me $ _num_ in wasted repairs .
0	i guess because the big box stores are cheaper and maybe more accessible .
1	first , i was quoted for one repair at $ _num_ .
0	apparently , we were out of luck .
1	so friday , i came for a repair .
0	second , the sodas are not free refills !
1	recently i got my brakes done and was n't contacted about repair costs .
0	bad idea .
1	stay away and find another sprint repair location .
0	skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure .
1	we have attempted to get tires repaired here at least _num_ times .
0	management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize .
1	i paid them $ _num_ to repair an oil leak .
0	there are much better choices in uptown charlotte !
1	the first two repairs i had at this shop were fine .
0	save your $ _num_ and skip this place .
1	sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook .
0	water glasses stayed empty for almost _num_ minutes !
1	i will never return to this garage for any car repairs or service .
0	they are rude .
1	any charge would come off of the repair .
0	gross !
1	the bill was twice was it was for the other exact same repair .
0	water temp on the chair got too cold too fast .
1	ventured away from my normal auto repair place to give this place a try .
0	service remained poor .
1	repaired a tire that should not have been repaired .
0	as for my ca rolls , the avocado was all brown !
1	once again , this is `` discount auto repair '' .
0	wo n't be back .
1	went in to this place looking to get my watch repaired .
0	it , however , did n't work for me .
1	were told it would be 3-4 hours for the repair .
0	it happens !
1	a lot of repair work needed to walls , carpet , tile , etc .
0	the chicken piccata was flavorful , but not as expected .
1	the repair is covered , and the guy should get paid .
0	the restaurant was busy , but was n't packed .
1	i went to get recall repairs done on my nissan .
0	upon entering you are immediately greeted by pure chaos .
1	i was quoted $ _num_ worth of repairs and routine maintenance .
0	half the time our drinks were empty .
1	1st time , they show up without a replacement windshield , so no repair .
0	at this point , my patience are very thin .
1	went for window repair and they made it worse .
0	the waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves .
1	then i get a call telling me the repair fees to repair this !
0	while here , we sampled the blueberry mojito and the cucumber basil martini .
1	do not go to this shoe repair !
0	it was really disappointing .
1	i left without having my nails repaired .
0	wow , not so much .
1	left my house a complete mess after a sloppy repair .
0	hope no one falls sick after eating food here .
1	here for a tire repair under road hazard warranty .
0	please do not adopt any pets from here until they update their standards .
1	they offered to repair the work rather than refund my money .
0	there was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way .
1	( _num_ ) repairs are way too expensive here .
0	it seemed like every single employee was around _num_ years old .
1	just took my truck in and was given a $ _num_ estimate for repairs !
0	wo n't be going back .
1	the worst repair shop experience i 've ever had .
0	a simple yes or no would have been nice .
1	the worst customer service and service of cars for repair .
0	`` oh ok that 'll be $ _num_ . ''
1	they 'll try to hit you with a bunch of unnecessary repairs .
0	i did not find the venue pleasant .
1	avoid this repair place .
0	_num_ .
1	do not use this `` shoe repair '' .
0	also , service was unfriendly .
1	recommended almost $ _num_ in unnecessary repairs .
0	needless to say i walked away .
1	they cracked my oil pan and it cost me four hundred dollars to repair .
0	i should have just gone to giant eagle .
1	this is absolutely absurd that they would suggest repairs that are n't needed .
0	the spring rolls were completely soggy .
1	did not accept coupon or the yelp check in offer for my watch repair .
0	a place i would go back to but not regularly .
1	repair cost $ _num_ .
0	i could n't believe it .
1	the repair service is terrible .
0	no upgrades .
1	the only option they offered was to send it in for repair .
0	however , the service we experienced was terrible .
1	i think waiting _num_ months for repairs is ridiculous .
0	we walked in and waited to be sat .
1	this is something every auto parts stores and home repair store can do .
0	ridiculous .
1	the repairs were n't fixed very well either .
0	they were super buttery ... too much so .
1	had my car repaired here due to someone hitting my front driver side .
0	i think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside .
1	necessary repairs consisted of replacing the drain plug again , and an oil change .
0	i only go there when dragged by coworkers .
1	i was better off taking it to a 3rd party repair shop !
0	i do not support this unethical business practice .
1	i selected swimming pool service and repair based on yelp reviews .
0	a completely clueless one , that 's what kind .
1	had it repaired , not replaced , yesterday for $ _num_ .
0	assuming this was due to the discount , i did n't complain .
1	_num_ weeks for a lens repair .
0	this shell station is horrible .
1	thanks to him , i 'll take my car elsewhere for this repair .
0	fail !
1	i called in a service request for the repairs and cleaning .
0	so frustrated .
1	i would give carolina auto repair no stars if possible .
0	i did n't even know you could go wrong with chicken marsala !
1	i was immediately told that repair was too difficult .
0	the beer was decent , it 's just draft beer here .
1	they would not repair for free !
0	i 've had appointments with salon owners and never had to leave payment info .
1	after several minutes another customer came in to pick up a repair .
0	_num_ .
1	my car was supposed to be take to the repair shop .
0	was the worst i have ever had .
1	i just bought a car they just repaired four days ago .
0	had such high hopes for this place on our visit to pittsburgh .
1	i would not recommend using this repair shop .
0	this place charges $ _num_ for _num_ minutes .
1	my car needed none of the repairs i 'd been quoted on .
0	but it was quite underwhelming .
1	moving down the road to a new home for car repair .
0	if they did n't , that would be fine we 'd call someplace else .
1	old equipment , most need repair .
0	not very impressed with my last two trips here .
1	got car repaired and it cost over $ _num_ .
0	sadly , however , they did not .
1	it takes management several weeks to a month to finish or begin repair requests .
0	personally , i do n't see what is so special about it .
1	they `` repaired '' one of my rings and actually made it worse .
0	stay far away from this place .
1	the bathrooms are in need of repair and are not clean either .
