0	i felt bad just ordering free beer so i ordered a sandwich .
1	she needs to be replaced immediately .
0	i guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene .
1	carpet needs to be replace with tile so they can keep clean .
0	do not come here to eat .
1	our server replaced my wife 's glass and promptly ordered a rigatoni without chicken .
0	slow , over priced , i 'll go elsewhere next time .
1	all the previous employees are gone , replaced with idiots .
0	and cheese sauce that you get for your nachos at the gas station .
1	i replaced those and it still was making a terrible sound .
0	i do n't remember it being this bad .
1	should not take this long to replace an item .
0	the whole experience can be both amusing and depressing at the same time .
1	then the plates we received were dirty and had to be replaced as well .
0	to date that has not happened .
1	they replaced it _num_ months ago .
0	the menu is n't extensive , so keep in mind your options are limited .
1	_num_ to replace it .
0	would i have had to call in to sort out their staff 's mistake ?
1	instead all squash was replaced by peppers ... which i can not eat .
0	no bueno .
1	i had a sea bass special and replaced the linguine w perfectly steamed veggies .
0	so many fountains , open areas , gardens to visit .
1	was quoted over $ _num_ to replace a piece of glass on a picture .
0	this hotel is a complete ripoff !
1	flooring did n't last and we replaced that , too .
0	_num_ .
1	make a long story short , replaced _num_ times in _num_ months .
0	i want to like this place , but just ca n't .
1	burger cooked wrong and it took _num_ minutes to get it replaced .
0	_num_ stars might be too generous !
1	even though the entire air system was replaced _num_ years ago .
0	my dad would always take me to this place when i was little .
1	the washer and dryer smells horrible and they refused to replace them .
0	gross .
1	they told me i had to replace all my speakers - wrong again .
0	they came out on a sunday which is much appreciated .
1	dead plants are not being replaced .
0	delivery guy was shady too .
1	i needed _num_ tires and a wheel replaced on my _num_ nissan car .
0	also had to dodge many foul balls .
1	true view has replaced most of the windows in my home .
0	however , i gave this place two stars instead of one .
1	to date the store has done nothing to replace the defective furniture .
0	i no longer have to carry around my terrible , terrible secret .
1	i just wanted a stone replaced ... nothing more , nothing less .
0	i do n't think i 've ever encountered such a miserable bunch of people .
1	they replaced the normal wooden board , and replaced it with a plate .
0	food can be pretty good , service can be pretty bad .
1	an additional quote of $ _num_ was offered for replacing the tires .
0	the server was nice , that is not the issue .
1	tea was sour , she said she would replace it and never did .
0	service was just awful .
1	they replaced the phone and solved the issue .
0	my husband can not go back to construction junction today .
1	i sent it back and replaced it with the queso dip .
0	walking through this mall just creepy though .
1	the manager came over replacing the pasta with a pasta alfredo which was excellent .
0	i was n't as impressed with buca as i wanted to be .
1	only sheets are replaced per person per stay .
0	i was livid and called to complain .
1	they replaced cable lines and i was still having issues .
0	also , alcohol in the air here too .
1	i have replaced bulbs before so declined .
0	the food was unremarkable .
1	i double checked , and they actually replaced the filter and oil .
0	the fish was old and cold and fries were a very soft .
1	if they needed to replace the rotors , it would be another $ _num_ .
0	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
1	but , replacing the part should n't have taken more than _num_ mins .
0	the sandwich sucked ; no flavor , no excitement .
1	they came out right away and it was all replaced the next day .
0	they confirmed my reservation on the phone .
1	_num_ months ago i paid smith plumbing $ _num_ to replace my water heater .
0	i could have done better at home .
1	she was told that all _num_ tires needed to be replaced .
0	the front desk clerk said that it should not be much longer .
1	was not satisfied with how long it took to replace _num_ single tire .
0	a round of patron margaritas were horrible .
1	they replaced the tire and i was on my way .
0	there was no way this order was prepared and cooked that fast .
1	had to have an alternator replaced on our coach .
0	poor service .
1	last week i decided to give them a second try and replaced my order .
0	this place is trashy .
1	that day , they also suggested we get our `` rotors replaced '' .
0	)
1	they just replaced the lens with the same script .
0	do n't use the drive-thru .
1	the owner refused to replace , or even attempt to fix it .
0	the bathrooms were gross and probably never clean .
1	three under cabinet light boxes installed and the switch on an exhaust fan replaced .
0	a very frustrating moment indeed .
1	i am getting quotes to have the walls torn out and replaced .
0	the rest was dry .
1	then shortly after , i needed to replace the alternator or the like .
0	dirty and old looking bakery .
1	very disappointing because they only offer you one drink card to replace the lounge .
0	poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality .
1	the installers were polite and really took extra care moving and replacing our furniture .
0	( this becomes important later . )
1	i took my girlfriends car there to get her fuel pump replaced .
0	i dunno .
1	unfortunately , the treadmills and equipment have not been maintained or replaced .
0	it tasted like hot chocolate .
1	they even replaced water lines that smith plumbing should have .
0	the potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed .
1	my wife took our vehicle in to get _num_ tire replaced .
0	oh wait though .
1	the 1st time they replaced my bed right away .
0	my boyfriend 's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back .
1	david replaced it with a new one , and did a great job .
0	we simply ordered _num_ bagels , coffee and tea for breakfast .
1	sadly their past success has now been replaced by disappointment .
0	horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts .
1	weeks later , we get a bill to have the carpet replaced .
0	i probably wo n't order here again though .
1	i replaced my battery and left .
0	came out fast , but entre 's came out _num_ mins later .
1	the walls here looked like there was wallpaper ripped off and never replaced .
0	he obviously did n't care at all .
1	they tell here _num_ parts need to be replaced .
0	i would be happy to get my _num_ back .
1	carpet in elevators was worn and needed to be replaced .
0	the restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of walnut street .
1	i went to replace them only to find out neither were burned out .
0	my noodles were cold ... like really cold .
1	seems he was already looking to replace the manager .
0	just bad .
1	for not replacing the food they should of been responsible for replacing .
0	overall , i 've got no complaints about the food .
1	$ _num_ to replace a battery ?
0	i wo n't be back .
1	the strips were replaced with chicken tasting chicken .
0	my room was not clean .
1	he helped us out greatly by replacing a part that was ready to break .
0	i sat down in the chair for pedicure .
1	last time i was there , i needed to get a debit card replaced .
0	the store told them that they have problems with that manufacturer all the .
1	it lasted about _num_ months and had to be replaced .
0	not only was the food bad but the service was terrible .
1	had to get a few fillings replaced , old silver one for white one .
0	one word ; gross .
1	_num_ phone calls and _num_ weeks and finally they replace my garbage can .
0	it seems ridiculous , actually .
1	_num_ weeks later i 'm back to get the filling replaced .
0	to further add to the drama , the parking garage has virtually no signage !
1	i ordered chicken pad thai and wanted to replace the shrimp with veggies .
0	by the time they were cooked , everyone was finished eating .
1	to our surprise they wanted over $ _num_ to replace the tires .
0	this does n't generally happen to me .
1	so i called the manufacturer and they 're luckily replacing it .
0	what was originally an average lowe 's has turned into lowe 's hell .
1	sent it back and they replaced the mash and warmed up the meatloaf .
0	seriously the worst mcdonalds i 've ever been to .
1	they were not changing or replacing the dishes on the buffet counter .
0	which is a huge shame .
1	who ever is in charge should be replaced .
0	i of course had filet , and i was just so underwhelmed with it .
1	they removed the tint and replaced it with new tint .
0	i visited charlotte and decided to go here , cause it was crowded .
1	$ _num_ later they told me they replaced the battery .
0	when we got to the table , we were hoping for a better experience .
1	maintenance replaced the phone .
0	employees are unhelpful and rude .
1	i found it online for just over $ _num_ and i replaced it myself .
0	from horrible service to terrible seafood ... would never return .
1	i was n't even trying to have them replace , just honor their work .
0	no big deal .
1	told me they could replace they the tape and that would solve the problem .
0	the food is basic and inexpensive , you get what you pay for .
1	had to go in about a month ago to get a screen replaced .
0	they could n't find it in the `` on holds area '' wth ?
1	so they replaced it after a few weeks .
0	it was just a bad scene .
1	replaced the piece and matched it perfectly .
0	at night it is a nightmare .
1	i probably could have gotten it replaced for cheaper elsewhere .
0	the store never looks very clean .
1	apparently , the original chef was replaced and no advanced notice given .
0	after my most recent experience , however , i will never be coming back .
1	i was supposed to be replaced a $ _num_ chicken little box .
0	my food was plain and boring .
1	i did not get my brakes replaced here .
0	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
1	they need replaced !
0	the crepe pancakes were ok , but nothing to write home about .
1	not easily replaced !
0	bad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around .
1	when it arrived , they had replaced the asparagus ... with carrots .
0	for our main dish , we got the large order of spicy chicken rigatoni .
1	they replaced the medium fries and large fries with _num_ medium fries , problem ?
0	the parking situation is horrible .
1	true view completed an inspection and replaced the glass .
0	_num_ .
1	they replaced the transmission on my company vehicle .
0	my hoagie was dry with min meat .
1	they replaced the entire thing under warranty .
0	really bad italian food .
1	they replaced the salad and still charged me for it .
0	i feel like i should only be spending maybe $ _num_ .
1	as soon as my fridge was finally replaced , my oven broke .
0	it was unbelievable .
1	i used to pay $ _num_ to replace nose pads on my sunglasses here .
0	without them i 'd have gone hungry that night .
1	battery is dead and needs to be replaced .
0	ugh .
1	supposedly to save money they replaced bathroom doors with curtains .
0	one of the worst steak sandwiches i 've ever eaten .
1	they also lied to us about the battery needing replace .
0	oh well , their loss .
1	these people working here need to get replaced ; all from the trailer park .
0	beware veterans , they do not acknowledge war .
1	a couple months later i went elsewhere to replace my brake pads .
0	wow , this was just embarrassing ( for them ) .
1	she never brought us another pair of chopsticks to replace the ones she took .
0	if you are looking for culinary experience avoid it .
1	will definitely go to these guys when my tires need replacing .
0	a shame .
1	they cooked us a less then worthy steak to replace it .
0	the food was terrible .
1	i went in to get my rear brakes replaced for $ _num_ .
0	i should have known better given that it only had one positive review .
1	whatever awesome sauce this place had previously has been replaced by epic failure .
0	come on -- this is an `` asian bistro . ''
1	and replaced it , but we did n't feel much like eating after that .
0	update : i received a very much appreciated phone call from the owner today .
1	whoever is managing the training needs to be replaced .
0	Neutral
1	guess what , they do n't have a battery to replace this one .
0	Negative
1	later i 'm having the exact parts replaced for $ _num_ cheaper .
0	unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight .
1	totally pleased with the service i received for replacing a battery in my watch .
0	what reason would a restaurant serve water in a plastic cup is beyond me .
1	so we guessed and they replaced that tire .
0	no one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved .
1	adam worked with me to replace my phone .
0	it 's not much of a cheesesteak .
1	they came to my work and replaced my windshield and did a beautiful job .
0	he should n't have been put in that position .
1	our patio cushions by clubhouse were stolen _num_ months ago and not replaced .
0	i do n't even see how time warner is even in business !
1	i would n't let them replace my counters if they did it for free .
0	if you want no frills beer and bar food , they are no frills .
1	they told me that they would just be cleaning it and not replacing it .
0	ball within the already limited selection .
1	truth be told , the whole staff needs to be replaced .
0	i was disappointed in the food !
1	had it repaired , not replaced , yesterday for $ _num_ .
0	pretty disappointed in my service here the other day .
1	i 've had the box replaced multiple times with no real difference .
0	overall , my experience was okay .
1	replacing equipment with crap no one uses .
0	i went out with three others on a friday night to grab some dinner .
1	i ca n't replace the shirt , they do n't make it anymore .
0	one year after they cut that route after being there over _num_ years .
1	unfortunately it was an outdated model so he could n't replace it .
0	most time i wait so long i end up going inside .
1	the first time i went , i had two tires replaced and an alignment .
0	please ... .
1	their solution was to replace the other front tire at no charge .
0	second i was with a party of _num_ that all ordered salads .
1	they replaced the hot chips with at least warm chips .
0	the only reason i 'm giving it two stars is because of the bread .
1	waited twenty minutes for someone to actually start replacing it .
0	place is a total joke .
1	the bar chairs and tables looked like patio furniture that desperately needs replace .
0	not a ton of flavor there either .
1	one of the services firestone had recommended was replacing the air filter .
0	i am paying almost _num_ bucks for this sub .
1	in the end , we went with another company to replace _num_ windows .
0	the breadsticks were sitting a in pool of oil .
1	the gal spilled our drinks but did n't replace it .
0	that was a little awkward though .
1	just everything is bad and needs to be replaced .
0	that was not to be found here .
1	the focaccia has even been replaced with rye bread .
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	a pulled pork appetizer was passable , nowhere near the dish it replaced .
0	wise guys is your typical off beat pizza shop .
1	needed to replace a dead battery previously purchased at this auto zone .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	that hour no longer exists , replaced by a very unhappy choice of dishes .
0	anything will taste better drenched in gravy .
1	why do i need to find _num_ different people to have a tire replaced ?
0	ugh .
1	about _num_ months ago , got a flat and got it easily replaced .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	necessary repairs consisted of replacing the drain plug again , and an oil change .
0	i 'm genuinely disappointed with the recent changes .
1	just ate the food they replaced .
0	i would give them zero stars if that was an option .
1	when this was replaced , by the busser , no one ever apologized .
0	i am giving it a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	not coming back anymore after i find another band to replace this band .
0	the range itself had terrible ventilation .
1	i sure do , over $ _num_ more to replace a $ _num_ job .
0	avoid !
1	i waited for _num_ minutes to open to replace my battery .
0	so be aware they added an automatic _num_ % gratuity to the check .
1	i had it replaced by goodyear before we drove back to pa .
0	they do not care about animals .
1	i get my tires replaced , only to hear a new noise yesterday .
0	rude , unprofessional , and lazy .
1	they replaced and repaired everything to perfect condition !
0	the cheese pie was pretty bad .
1	told me they would replace it with the exact same model .
0	now the bad ... stains .
1	carpets need to be replaced because they smell old and a bit moldy .
0	delivery time was unimpressive .
1	the oil very obviously had n't been replaced in who knows how long .
0	maybe i 'm spoiled with good vietnamese food but this was terrible .
1	we never got the buffalo i asked to replace cause it took too long .
0	as promised , they were ready monday after 5pm .
1	plus one was destroyed over a year ago and yet to be replaced .
0	she failed to follow-up when she promised .
1	so he offered to replace the _num_ piece white with _num_ dark meat choices .
0	very rude and condescending .
1	i thought she would replace my eggs , but no .
0	and they are rude .
1	this guard had not been replaced correctly after sun devil did work .
0	if i could give signature desserts _num_ stars , i would .
1	management needs to either train their staff better or be replaced themselves .
0	no fitted sheets on the beds ?
1	delicious whole grain bread that will definitely be replacing my standard grocery store varieties .
0	it also was n't the cleanest place i 've ever seen .
1	offered to replace but my appetite is ruined .
0	this place is the worst motel i have ever stayed .
1	german auto said i needed to replace my battery .
0	i really wanted to write a good review , but the experience was disappointing .
1	it took them over a month to replace my hard drive on my laptop .
0	i was seated and served a complimentary salad .
1	after she left , monica replaced her .
0	service is bad when you enter .
1	also , the rug needs to be replaced or at least vacuumed .
0	we will not be back .
1	i could have replaced multiple pieces for far less .
0	disappointed .
1	opted to replace the battery , said it was a _num_ min job .
0	lame as heck .
1	first , unfriendly wait staff should be replaced with eager enthusiastic servers .
0	then , she sat _num_ small parties there .
1	the assistant manager told us the alternator needed replaced as well as the battery .
0	she could n't tear herself away from the movie to address me .
1	along with replacing the old oil filter fletcher 's left on the car .
0	the salon is so dirty we left before i let them cut me hair .
1	she was charged $ _num_ to get the tire replaced .
0	i will never go back to that place again .
1	the cable they said they replaced , they did not .
0	they are not very through .
1	they did n't do anything about it but replaced it with a new roll .
0	we do n't care !
1	items are not replaced in a timely way .
0	service here is pretty bad .
1	they have n't even replaced the burned out light bulbs .
0	the pie it self was a real mess .
1	not say we need a computer code to replace it .
0	completely unacceptable and disgusting to sell such expired food to your customers .
1	i would have replaced that in my own home .
0	but damn , i was hungry !
1	`` for all life is precious nor can any be replaced . ''
0	they should n't even call it italian food .
1	stephanie only called once to tell me they had to replace the frame .
0	and i just did not like my surroundings .
1	at this rate i could of replaced the whole water heater .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	they refused to even discount replacing it .
0	great shrimp cocktail but i wish i had my fish sandwich across the street .
1	took my car down and told them we just needed this part replaced .
0	overall , shopping there is a poor experience .
1	amazingly he also could have replaced the arm since he carries this unusual brand !
0	the barber could not even cut a straight fade .
1	it will be replaced as our go-to weekend restaurant .
0	just not going back there .
1	now that the shirt was ruined , i requested that they replace the shirt .
0	i refuse to ever set foot in this sub-par establishment again .
1	some of their equipment is busted and needs pads replaced , etc .
0	also the mushrooms were out of a can .
1	the item will not be replaced nor will i be refunded .
0	we greeted her before she greeted us which i find rude .
1	refused to replace them or compensate me for the loss .
0	disappointing .
1	i paid $ _num_ and they replaced my radiator .
0	but do n't go for the menu .
1	the buttery crunch i remember has been replaced by greasy , limp and bland .
0	i 'm just not that excited for my lunch .
1	these employees really need training or to be replaced with friendlier individuals .
0	i looked at my boyfriend who checked his watch while i checked my iphone .
1	excellent and speedy job replacing a diamond in my wedding ring .
0	all the techs are nice except the man ( andy ) he is horrible !
1	the sewer pipes in the park are old and are being replaced through out .
0	he also went on to give me the fastest haircut i 've ever had .
1	this should have been replaced with the new motor as quoted .
0	worst wait times ever , staff is inefficient .
1	my nephew had a very very poor experience in replacing his screen .
0	they were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through .
1	when i came back only the fridge was replaced and nothing else was fixed .
0	the food was n't very good at all .
1	i had two tires replaced on my _num_ honda .
