0	original post written september _num_ - i do n't recommend this company .
1	the ribs were very fatty , tough and dry .
0	there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
1	the prime rib was chewy and tasteless .
0	nothing raw , nothing green , nothing fresh , not even as an ingredient .
1	the ribs were good though limited side options .
0	i went to this restaurant saturday for the first time .
1	the original baby back ribs were very dry & hardly any meat on them .
0	the coffee was just a little off .
1	the bulgogi and angus rib finger were very similar .
0	this is nothing new .
1	the rib eye was juicy & tender , but the mesquite favor was unpleasant .
0	it would have probably been better to take the mega bus .
1	had the prime rib with sauteed mushrooms and steamed vegetables .
0	it 's lettuce , cheese , and pine nuts !
1	ribs over cooked as the meat on pork ribs were falling off the bone .
0	avoid at all costs !
1	ribs was dry and tough .
0	it did not even look appetizing .
1	the ribs were inconsistent .
0	we did n't care for the atmosphere and did n't actually eat anything .
1	dry ribs , dry brisket .
0	the whole experience can be both amusing and depressing at the same time .
1	the beef back ribs were n't very good either .
0	so , needless to say , not the best experience .
1	and do n't ask how rare their prime rib is .
0	do not stay here .
1	we got the prime rib bbq burger and parmesan crusted chicken .
0	i will not be a repeat patron .
1	i ordered the prime rib -- huge mistake .
0	after further consideration , this store does not deserve a _num_ star review .
1	i got the chicken breast , wing , 1/4 rib combo .
0	waited about another _num_ minutes after we finished our food to receive our check .
1	prime rib was way overcooked and fatty .
0	i hate to rate a local shop down , but man my toes hurt .
1	i had too much fat on the prime rib .
0	i ordered a long john which looked pretty good .
1	my prime rib and broccoli arrived cold .
0	as a vegetarian , it was entirely another matter for me .
1	while not impressive or particularly flavorful , the food sticks to your ribs .
0	not same price .
1	short rib was good but i expected a bit more juice .
0	that 's not a lobster roll !
1	the cheap $ _num_ prime rib dinners downtown are better .
0	terrible customer service !
1	the ribs and brisket were very tender .
0	if you hate the public , you should n't work with them .
1	my changs spare ribs were just northern style ribs with bbq sauce on them .
0	this is probably the worst review of a restaurant i 've ever written .
1	i had the 1/2 rack of ribs with slaw and fries .
0	absolutely horrible way to treat a customer when they were the ones in error .
1	if you 're super hungry , the ribs are okay .
0	we chose an option for each course of the very limited restaurant week menu .
1	the croissant was dry and the prime rib was chewy .
0	the coleslaw was a couple pieces of lettuce with some carrots .
1	the ribs , on the other hand , could use some work .
0	it 's not even summer yet .
1	not sure but i think the ribs were coyote .
0	unfortunately the food was not .
1	i ordered the _num_ oz filet and he ordered the _num_ oz prime rib .
0	what i received reminded me of mrs grass soup .
1	his ribs were refrigerator cold .
0	but i 'm really disappointed .
1	i had the ribs and they came out extremely charred .
0	i really do n't get giant eagle .
1	the ribs we ordered were dry .
0	bought the store 's speciality sausages - bland and tasted of spoiled meat .
1	- prime rib was over done and obviously cooked as a single order .
0	it was disgusting .
1	i had the beef ribs , collards , and mashed potatoes .
0	additionally , they did not smell so well .
1	the prime rib , ordered rare , was medium , dry and extremely salty .
0	lo and behold at _num_ minutes it comes out .
1	the ribs themselves are not good .
0	i looked at my boyfriend who checked his watch while i checked my iphone .
1	nothing prime or rib about this grilled piece of rib eye .
0	very hit or miss place .
1	the last _num_ times i 've eaten here the prime rib was still cold .
0	terrible service .
1	the ribs were not edible .
0	unfortunately we did not .
1	the rib tips were cold inside .
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	dh had the short rib ravioli to start , and it was also bland .
0	i ca n't believe this place has n't been reviewed .
1	however , i needed a chain saw to cut my prime rib .
0	i would n't recommend this mechanic to anyone .
1	ordered kalbi ribs and they gave me the ribs but no meat attached !
0	i was quickly greeted by paul - who was great !
1	came for prime rib it is 8:00 and they are already out of prime .
0	life is too short for less than mediocre food .
1	so my meal was the beef ribs with macaroni and cheese and cabbage .
0	not hearing me , she goes , `` what was that ? ''
1	my other co-worker 's ribs were dry .
0	i assure you this place is n't it .
1	the baby back ribs are totally tasteless .
0	this used to be my favorite steak house in charlotte .
1	i got the ribs and two nasty side items that came with it .
0	terrible !
1	full chicken , rack of ribs , and three sides .
0	do not stay here .
1	the ribs were lacking in flavor , no smoke ring and overcooked .
0	i am visiting from california and was very disappointed with the service and food .
1	avocado is like prime rib to vegetarians .
0	that is the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard .
1	after he ate two of the ribs , he hit a cold spot .
0	horrible , rude service .
1	prime rib was ok , but thats about it .
0	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction .
1	i had the prime rib au jus sandwich and it was tough and overcooked .
0	either the batteries are almost dead or its just terrible .
1	my husband 's full rack of ribs came out lukewarm at best .
0	all the sales associates are extremely useful and educated .
1	my daughters ribs were quite dry , but she seemed to like them .
0	i am not impressed .
1	our prime rib sandwich was way over charbroiled .
0	despite the cost of the set we had to pay $ _num_ for delivery .
1	my wife 's baby back ribs were as dry as the sahara !
0	apparently , reservations are not valued here .
1	i also ordered boneless ribs , which were pretty good .
0	i should have just gone to giant eagle .
1	the asian style ribs were so over cooked we could n't eat them .
0	terribly overrated .
1	we had eaten honey bears ribs frequently 10-15 years ago .
0	they need to get some help in here or people will stop coming !
1	the ribs were okay ... tasted like they were boiled .
0	there was a long line and only one employee at the checkout .
1	i was so hungry and so sad that i could n't get any ribs .
0	)
1	i ordered a half slab of ribs with garlic potatoes and a salad .
0	it 's not worth the headache .
1	the ribs tasted like the cow had mad cow disease .
0	did not taste like hibachi at all .
1	no early bird , no late bird , no prime rib .
0	surprisingly what remains seems to be doing good business .
1	the salad was good , the ribs were as tough as leather .
0	the crab stuffing was mostly stuffing .
1	we had the prime rib last night and it tasted awful !
0	it did seem a little unwelcoming and a little dated .
1	i also got mac and cheese , bbq ribs , and green beans .
0	the food itself was not too bad .
1	these were the worst ribs i have ever had !
0	then the bill came to over $ _num_ .
1	worst ribs i 've ever paid money for .
0	worst fast food i 've ever been to .
1	if you want to try something here , try the short rib with peppers .
0	she and i were both a little nervous about getting poor service .
1	two _num_ '' chicken rib bones .
0	this is a bad neighborhood .
1	the waiter attempted damage control by bringing her a slab of prime rib .
0	this has only been my 2nd time at a red lobster ever .
1	ribs , chicken , brisket was ordered and it was all so-so .
0	extremely rude and condescending over the phone .
1	my gf had the prime rib which was tender but bland .
0	i finally had the chance last week and was surprisingly disappointed .
1	the only appetizer everyone raved about were the ribs but the rest were horrible .
0	overall not the way a restaurant should be run .
1	i ordered the chicken n ribs dinner .
0	he was told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppies and pepsi .
1	my ribs were not very good at all .
0	when i finally get someone on the phone , they are rarely helpful .
1	i got sick from the ribs ... no one was happy with their meal .
0	is sad because the pizza is great but the service is horrible !
1	the cook said that happens sometimes and sent out two cold pieces of rib .
0	if not , stay away .
1	we each ordered prime rib , with salad and baked potatoes .
0	worst service and seating ever !
1	my wife and ate there tonight , she ordered _num_ bones of ribs .
0	it was even slightly cold before i reheated it .
1	there was no extra to compensate for the lack of ribs .
0	we ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did .
1	we ordered short ribs , brisket , bulgogi , pork belly , and chicken .
0	this should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction .
1	the ribs were also dry .
0	the taste is reminiscent of pho but is n't quite right .
1	he also said the pork ribs were better than the beef rib .
0	nothing special .
1	the short rib appetizers were bland and very fatty .
0	also they were not that tender .
1	and , the lamb rib appetizer was all fat .
0	and service is piss poor and understaffed .
1	the ribs were delicious but everything else was a _num_ star experience .
0	the worst part of this last visit was the service .
1	the prime rib was so tough i could n't chew it !
0	that 's not too bad , right ?
1	i had the rib , chicken combo and a side of baked beans .
0	first , they charge for beer and wine .
1	the ribs are crap .
0	here on vacation and the waitress seemed annoyed we wanted food .
1	half rack of ribs were old and dry , sirloin overcooked .
0	nothing updated , nothing new , nothing fresh .
1	the short rib is salty and overcooked .
0	the only good part was the bacon , which was ok at best .
1	the ribs were pretty good but at $ _num_ they should have been .
0	- they want $ _num_ for cheese on their eggs .
1	overall the prime rib was ok a bit over cooked .
0	it was not especially crowded ( no wait ) and we had reservations .
1	my husbands bone in rib eye was a tasteless overcooked disaster .
0	no pasta was served with the chicken .
1	the rib tips was all fat .
0	um no , its like $ _num_ extra for delivery .
1	prime rib sub that was a mass of gristle and fat .
0	what a wreck .
1	cost us _num_ bucks for _num_ orders of ribs with one side and soda .
0	we were greeted very warmly by one of the ice cream technicians .
1	the only thing we were able to eat were the ribs .
0	food was mediocre as well .
1	the prime rib was pretty good , not much fat which was nice .
0	the waitress just was too young and inexperienced .
1	short rib tacos had no flavor other than spice .
0	i figured palace like this would have made their own strawberry topping .
1	one rib was fall of bone .
0	well , my update has half of my original rating .
1	the only thing that was really good was the ribs .
0	why not ? ''
1	`` no we out of bbq ribs . ''
0	it is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well .
1	i had the st. louis style ribs and i was completely disappointed .
0	third terrible .
1	food was the worst bbq ever , horrible , ribs were rare ?
0	do the bartenders here not work on tips ?
1	prime rib was bland and overcooked .
0	i could n't have tried to make food this poor .
1	when they arrived , the rib 's were good , chicken was cooked nicely .
0	find a better management who does n't take your money and piss on you .
1	our fried shrimp were burned , the ribs were the same way .
0	_num_ after tip .
1	as i expected the rib rack would n't fit in my smoker .
0	the pizza was simply ok .
1	prime rib and turkey were both moist and tender .
0	i have terrible foot pain and can barely walk .
1	i ordered the half slab of pork ribs and they were not good .
0	i ordered _num_ ground beef tacos with black beans and rice .
1	nearly half of the prime rib my boyfriend ordered was fat .
0	deserts were nothing less than stellar , and the service was awesome .
1	i ordered beef ribs that were more fat than meat .
0	the veggies were about average , not fresh , but did n't taste gross .
1	_num_ ribs does not make half a rack .
0	i 've been here a few times and have always been disappointed .
1	so it 's 5:30 on a friday and no ribs !
0	only _num_ stars for location .
1	ribs were not heated through .
0	very disappointed in his attitude more then anything .
1	ribs were really pink and when its pork i rather be safe than sorry .
0	i feel i paid $ _num_ for a $ _num_ meal .
1	the prime rib was over cooked and very salted .
0	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
1	tonight i had the prime rib .
0	we sat outside and the service was very slow .
1	the ribs were dry and extremely salty .
0	the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
1	the pork ribs were also just bland .
0	do n't waste your time at the fish market .
1	will try ribs next - however , somebody else will pick up the tab .
0	obviously management is not training well for customer service at this location .
1	we went for the ribs on saturday evening at _num_ pm .
0	an average price , i 'm ok with that .
1	my fiance had ribs that were mostly fat and gristle .
0	she was super excited and counting down the days until arrival .
1	our group mostly ordered the prime rib and two had the blackened chicken pasta .
0	the chocolate was too sweet .
1	here 's what 's not : extremely inconsistent ribs .
0	so tired of this place .
1	she did n't come to our table and apologize for the ribs or chicken .
0	never been before and went on a thursday night at 6pm before a show .
1	my half rack of ribs were dry and burned with very low sauce amount .
0	in a bad frame of mind , i tried my food .
1	the ribs are over cooked .
0	their service is a hot mess !
1	my prime rib however was nowhere remotely close to be cooked medium rare .
0	every thing about this place is wrong .
1	tried the brisket and the ribs on two separate occasions .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	fry 's has better ribs for half the price .
0	however , the service we experienced was terrible .
1	even ribs that should 've fallen off the bone were tough and harsh .
0	she did n't offer any ideas for help and was quite frankly , rude .
1	for a place famous for it 's steaks and ribs i was sorely disappointed .
0	that was frustrating !
1	however , not everything was disgusting as the prime rib specials .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	personally , i thought his prime rib was a little salty .
0	the staff is rude .
1	i ordered the prime rib with the twice baked potato .
0	the soup was neither hot in temperature or spice but it certainly was sour .
1	the ribs were very dry and the sides were very small .
0	that was not the first time .
1	ribs : now the ribs i can get behind .
0	i would give this eat n park location zero stars if i could .
1	ribs were actually dry .
0	perhaps leftovers from the _num_ steakhouse sale .
1	smh ... $ _num_ for ribeye ... $ _num_ ribs .
0	the last time that we went there he had our car for over week .
1	i had the baby back ribs and they were good , not great .
0	had the gyro and added feta .
1	the pork ribs were ok and the happy family main dish was a ripoff .
0	it looked like one of those service elevators that the public never sees .
1	ribs were over cooked and hard .
0	and then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages .
1	the half order of ribs looked like a full rack .
0	the dough was also fairly dense .
1	i ordered the _num_ meat meal with brisket , ribs , 1/4 chicken .
0	i picked out the broccoli and ate it over my side of rice .
1	ribs were cold , as was brisket .
0	i can easily say this is the worst indian food i have ever eaten .
1	my dad ordered a full rack of baby back ribs .
0	not good .
1	the only thing really good was the short ribs .
0	it 's never too loud or aggressive .
1	the boneless short ribs was a bad , bad choice for the appetizer .
0	it does nothing to support the brand of lidia .
1	overly pepper short ribs .
0	the slice of chocolate cake , while a descent size , was rather tasteless .
1	... out of prime rib .
0	fishy smell .
1	i could not cut prime rib with steak knife did bring another .
0	they tried to fix the broken telephone but were n't really successful .
1	both my husband and i ordered the rib steak cooked the same way .
0	lidia should be ashamed that this is being run this way .
1	lastly the short ribs matched the other two dishes .
0	i really could n't believe this .
1	the prime rib was overcooked and dry .
0	why would you not just get our drinks ?
1	ordered prime rib and after it twice came cold they attempted to charge me .
0	the lettuce tastes old and rubbery ... not in this case .
1	ribs & sweet & sour chicken with a hawaiian salad & rice .
0	not worth wasting your time .
1	$ _num_ prime rib that you could hardly cut with a knife .
0	service was good but probably the worse pizza i 've ever had .
1	they were out of prime rib , out of broccoli , vegetables and salad !
0	never going back .
1	for dinner , i ordered a 1/2 slab of the baby back ribs .
0	i had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer .
1	husband had rib tips which were average .
0	spicy crab soup did not have crab meant in it .
1	the prime rib was tough and half was fat .
0	worst climbing gym i have ever been to .
1	and the prime rib night was awesome .
0	never came out to see how we were doing .
1	boneless ribs were n't typical .
0	by 6:30 , there were still a number of empty tables .
1	i had a combo plate with chicken , ribs , and brisket .
0	Negative
1	i had the ribs , brisket and sausage .
0	food was so bad that i threw it in the trash .
1	hamburger , pork chop , kale salad and ribs .
0	for a coffee shop , the food and drinks here are mediocre at best .
1	the ribs were so over cooked that they were more like jerky .
0	$ _num_ wasted because i never got my massage .
1	prime rib taste like rubber at the coffee shop .
0	the stylist did n't come back after a couple minutes .
1	the ribs were dry and rough .
0	very cheap over breaded and not fresh at all .
1	i ordered a bone in rib steak and waited over _num_ min .
0	over crowded , loud , and not a relaxing experience .
1	i ordered the kalbi short ribs and a mango smoothie .
0	if i asked the price , she did n't know and did n't look .
1	the ribs were very dry and tough .
0	the place was empty .
1	rib tips were dry and chewy and could barely get them down .
0	it has n't been cleaned in months .
1	it 's not even short ribs but beef cuts .
0	the owner refuses to take care of black people .
1	got the half ribs and its was dry .
0	hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain .
1	the ribs are tasty but over cooked and dry .
0	the breakfast bar is lame .
1	one exception -- the ribs are not bad and edible !
0	_num_ hours to find the cold remedy i wanted .
1	the ribs came out in a paper lined fry type cardboard box .
0	i want to like this place , but just ca n't .
1	my fianc had prime ribs with a baked potato .
0	to me , thats a big factor in rating restaurants .
1	my husband medium rare rib eye was way over cooked .
0	terrible .
1	my ribs were tough and the sauce seemed watered down .
0	first of all , house chianti tasted like vinegar .
1	but the big problem were the ribs .
0	the total was $ _num_ and change .
1	no thinly sliced prime rib and no mushrooms .
0	- the fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here .
1	my braised short ribs were all bones !
0	i had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay .
1	i regret not having just plain chicken or ribs .
0	okay thai food , nothing special , and overpriced .
1	pork ribs were broken bones deep fried with disgusting sweet sauce .
0	this place was trashy , dirty and probably not even up to code .
1	the prime rib had a large portion of fat and not tasty .
0	zero effort , and a horrible attitude .
1	we decided on the tuesday special - all you can eat chicken and ribs .
0	this is rather expensive as well .
1	the ribs were tough , the chicken was a little dry .
0	i 'm sure it would have been great !
1	do not order steak or prime rib here .
0	would n't recommend going out of your way for a slice .
1	the only thing positive about this place was the free prime rib dinner .
0	i 'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer .
1	so i come back and begin with the ribs , 1/2 a slab .
0	this would easy go for $ _num_ at other places during lunch .
1	prime rib was dry and not a good cut .
