0	i would have been furious if i paid $ _num_ for tasteless pasta .
1	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
0	like , i was shocked by how much it tasted like nothing .
1	the server rushed us .
0	i will not be returning .
1	i was so annoyed about how she rushed it .
0	for the money i expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza .
1	once the food got there , we felt rushed to finish .
0	it was bad .
1	she was so rushed in my session it was over before it began .
0	i think with some mustard this might have been great .
1	staff is unprofessional and rushed with the customers .
0	do n't take your cat here .
1	rushed and poor quality .
0	after getting my `` window '' they never showed up .
1	- rush and poor service .
0	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
1	very rude and also annoying to be rushed .
0	this place is the worst , and i have never even stepped inside !
1	meh ... not rushing back.
0	the sweet and sour chicken was disgusting .
1	they are rude , slow , and rush you out at closing .
0	do they even have tables for _num_ ?
1	they rushed through the whole thing .
0	_num_ .
1	they rush you in and out like you are a cow !
0	received bad service today .
1	we walked down to coffee rush because it was right around the corner .
0	even the staff is miserable anymore .
1	it felt like we were being rushed to choose our drinks and food .
0	i did n't find it to be anything special .
1	made them rush me through .
0	i guess a lot of people like it , and more power too them .
1	we see no reason to rush back .
0	would n't come here again .
1	no manager on duty for the busy morning rush .
0	i must admit , i do like the brews .
1	unless i 'm not in a rush , i 'll shop here .
0	it is not daily normal , ordinary dirt .
1	he was in such a rush that he could n't bag our groceries properly .
0	maybe i 'm just not the kind of person that likes whole foods .
1	rushing us out even though we were super polite was kind of rude .
0	steve and linda were so rude and unprofessional !
1	felt rushed .
0	the bed was comfortable enough and the room was mostly clean .
1	we were rushed through the entire beginning of our meal .
0	limited menu .
1	the waitress who seemed to be rushed did not offer any recommendations .
0	they are not very through .
1	i do n't know why they were in such a rush .
0	the other food was decent , but as i said before was cold .
1	i think she got nervous , maybe he was rushing her .
0	so he ca n't bother with mine .
1	our waiter seemed to be rushed creating a very uncomfortable atmosphere .
0	would have rather spent $ _num_ elsewhere .
1	i wo n't rush back .
0	i called two more times after this with no call back .
1	i was rushed !
0	the food handling left much to be desired .
1	they gave us an attitude & we didnt even rush them !
0	i 'm truly not out to get anyone with writing a negative review .
1	but there are plenty of other reasons to avoid coffee rush .
0	this place is a fusion of olive garden and red lobster .
1	she then turned and rushed to get a new receipt .
0	quite possibly the most miserable hotel experience of my life .
1	we probably are in no rush to go back any time soon .
0	nothing raw , nothing green , nothing fresh , not even as an ingredient .
1	the waiters are very pushy and they rush the heck out of you .
0	been here twice ; both times it was an awful experience .
1	but i am not rushing back .
0	terrible customer service !
1	employees rushed through order which in turn , made the process even longer .
0	but damn , i was hungry !
1	the waitress is not very nice and is always in a rush .
0	i told her that was no problem .
1	they just rushed me in .
0	save your money , this place does n't deserve to be named ruth chris .
1	( _num_ ) we arrive here during a lunch rush at _num_ pm .
0	cheap , everyone seems to say that .
1	glad i tried this place but wo n't rush back .
0	the pasta at applebee 's are definitely not worth the $ _num_ they charge .
1	the waitress was rude and tried to rush us .
0	yes , just like a bad date , we were done in _num_ minutes .
1	it was n't bad , but i would n't rush back for more .
0	ordered _num_ cuts to eat in and _num_ and a hoagie to go ... .
1	after lunch rush , but before the dinner crowds started coming in .
0	horrible !
1	i have never been rushed so much in my life .
0	second of all , and more important , the service here is terrible .
1	i 'm sorry , but rushing through the job does n't make me happy .
0	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
1	you feel rushed the whole time .
0	the fries were generic .
1	she rushed us , had the most salty attitude and did not smile once .
0	the wedding soup was less than fair .
1	i get rushed when i 'm ordering and they are rude !
0	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
1	rushed me to hospital .
0	this is something that tram 's has gotten badly wrong every time i visited .
1	i was rushed and said `` plain ?
0	i would give this restaurant _num_ stars if i could .
1	i always feel rushed to order .
0	i was mostly wrong .
1	he even rushed our forgotten to-go drink as we got to our car .
0	some of the staff has been friendly in providing things , including shuttle rides .
1	terrible food , service always rushed .
0	pasta was watery and very limp .
1	first the waitress was a bit sloppy and we felt rushed .
0	no effing way .
1	she told us the kitchen fell behind with the mad rush of lunch guests .
0	for all the hype this was very disappointing .
1	unfortunately the management at coffee rush kills the experience .
0	tried a variety of foods & none have been particularly good .
1	the server rushed us out as if our business was not important .
0	waitress said i could double rice , but no soup change .
1	everything tasted burned , almost like it had been rushed .
0	the bartender looked at us walked away .
1	i was rushed out and my polish was n't even hard yet .
0	the front desk staff was not interested in helping me checkin .
1	i probably wo n't be rushing back here .
0	if you can help it , do n't get cable from this cable company .
1	he rushed us to table , and out of restaurant .
0	too slow service .
1	i had to rush right home and shower !
0	the crust was all gummy and the cheese tasted like plastic .
1	they are slow and rushed to make every order .
0	this place offers really poor service .
1	i just felt i was rushed out of there .
0	took _num_ days to pick up the cut sofa !
1	there is nothing you need to rush over to cafe noodle for .
0	i talked to him for _num_ minutes and he was polite and friendly .
1	the guy was obviously too rushed to realize he completely missed that part .
0	was n't the best experience .
1	it look like they rushed it .
0	no frills .
1	i rushed to tan today after work .
0	so i was in need of a lunch and off to the garden .
1	this location is often crowded and overwhelming ( long lines , feeling rushed ) .
0	there are no frills , there are no items i would particularly recommend .
1	i refused the medicine and he quickly rushed off to another patient .
0	every january i buy _num_ months worth of cheese for my family members .
1	i am not rushing to eat the leftovers and that 's not like me .
0	the egg roll was soggy and cold .
1	needless to say we felt rushed .
0	the sides left much to be desired .
1	since when should you feel rushed to finish your bottle of wine .
0	the worst customer service ever !
1	it was _num_ minutes away so i rushed down there .
0	this place does not accept credit cards in the year _num_ .
1	staff was rushed and left me to call them over to get our check .
0	something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad .
1	the waitresses have bad attitudes and rush you when ordering .
0	it seem to be over before it started .
1	when they are busy , the food is clearly uncooked and rushed .
0	could not eat it .
1	we were rushed through our meals like we were n't wanted !
0	all i tasted was burnt oil .
1	service was not in any rush .
0	there are better restaurants in carnegie .
1	the restaurant itself is a bit cramped and crowded during rush hours .
0	could n't remember anything .
1	he was rushing me and was extremely rude .
0	when we finally got the pizza , it was not hot .
1	felt as though staff rushed us .
0	these people are very difficult to do business with .
1	i 'm thinking she is going to rush the order because of the delay .
0	needless to say , none of us finished our food .
1	first the woman rushed through my `` manicure . ''
0	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
1	and rushed through my pedicure and did n't do a good job .
0	however , when we got there the buffet was well picked over .
1	i would n't rush out to this place .
0	waste of time and money overall .
1	the airport environment feels very rushed and stressful .
0	the first visit took almost seven hours , not _num_ .
1	she did n't rush us , and made good wine recommendations .
0	nothing special in flavor or presentation .
1	our waiter kept trying to rush us the whole evening .
0	i however , ordered the steak and cheese pita and was extremely disappointed .
1	nothing like rushing on our big day .
0	we were seated and then waited _num_ minutes to even be greeted .
1	the cashier was rushed and appeared bothered by our ordering and asking questions .
0	she over charged us for her very badly made drinks .
1	she again was rushing off when i yelled back , we are paying cash .
0	for pamela 's , we gave it a shot .
1	they did not have enough staff for weekend dinner rush .
0	benihana is not worth your time or money .
1	the sushi chefs were either rushed , new , or incompetent .
0	no one should have to go thru what i am currently going thru .
1	then the chef comes out to rush us .
0	it 's extremely frustrating .
1	they rush through the _num_ minute appointment .
0	they did not have many items .
1	we were seated for barely _num_ minutes and were being rushed .
0	mine were n't made because they had the wrong size lens .
1	then she rushed me out the door .
0	see pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry .
1	he seemed very rushed as well .
0	i vote time warner cable the worst company of all times .
1	when you are in a rush it could not be more frustrating .
0	no he did n't !
1	the woman who answered the phone said yes to both so i rushed over .
0	the main waiting area is also empty .
1	not rushing to go there again !
0	no worries probably better for me .
1	inside not cleaned just rushed through .
0	very poor management .
1	was there a rush at lunch for plates of gnocchi ?
0	ash trays all over the bar .
1	she tried to rush us through the sale .
0	we stuck it out and left with no intention to return .
1	felt really rushed .
0	this was the worst gel manicure experience i 've had .
1	another guy rushed to come clean the window .
0	after _num_ minutes without getting closer to the register , i gave up .
1	the outside looks good , but the inside was rushed .
0	this place is awful .
1	i called _num_ and he was rushed right back to banner thunderbird hospital .
0	did not want to buy another mattress online .
1	felt like being rushed out .
0	very poor customer service , and that 's too bad .
1	she rushed me into picking colors for my nails and toes .
0	it 's not that delish .
1	i was running behind and asked if they could be rushed .
0	( this becomes important later . )
1	rushing and did n't even ask me what was wrong with the tub .
0	go to any other pharmacy in town , avoid giant eagle .
1	she rushed through my pedicure and was looking away most of the time .
0	i only returned because i was getting my dog groomed at the nearby petco .
1	he was `` rushed '' through the whole meal .
0	mushy spaghetti drenched in the worst sauce i ever had .
1	finally , do n't be in a rush .
0	( _num_ minutes on hold ) ... ... ... ... ... ... still transferred .
1	the food had rushed air to it .
0	i will not be returning in the future .
1	was it too far away from lunch and dinner rush ?
0	lobster and potato cakes could have been better - too salty imo .
1	i was rushed to the pedicure chair .
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	you do n't listen , you rush me out the drive thru .
0	ordered twice in the last _num_ days and both times it was terrible .
1	they acted like i was bothering them and i felt rushed to order .
0	she just kept trying to cover her ass instead of listening to my concerns .
1	pedicure was a rush .
0	everything is bland .
1	not really in a rush to go back ever at this point .
0	there 's no day pass .
1	she was rough and rushed the whole time .
0	terrible .
1	it seemed like we were just being rushed in and out .
0	my drink was never refilled .
1	this was not even the dinner rush !
0	terrible service !
1	i felt rushed .
0	not impressed .
1	no line , no rush to purchase tickets .
0	not much more , but enough to make it not right .
1	they also rushed me during my final fitting .
0	ugh .
1	it 's horribly loud in there , and everything feels rushed and crushed together .
0	i could n't wait to get out of there .
1	rushed .
0	it was dry , not at all crispy , and had no flavor .
1	i was then rushed from the premises .
0	not sure what star rating to give .
1	i felt rushed as well only _num_ staff and _num_ customers .
0	_num_ .
1	no rush sir . ''
0	it makes no sense .
1	the owners were rushing our girl to hurry up .
0	service was okay not the greatest but not the worst either .
1	during a busy lunch rush you would imagine that sandwiches could be made quickly .
0	we were greeted very warmly by one of the ice cream technicians .
1	i will not be rushing back to this place .
0	shower shoes , i never leave home without them !
1	rushed me out of the restaurant within _num_ minutes of me sitting down .
0	but seriously , there are still restaurants that allow smoking ?
1	buffet serving tables and serving utensils had been slammed by a previous sunday rush .
0	stay away , there 's nothing here to see .
1	they will make you feel like an idiot and rushed .
0	i just do n't get how anyone could like it ?
1	felt rushed even though other tables were available .
0	overall , it was a larger than average portion for a good fish sandwich .
1	again , she rushed it .
0	service was just awful .
1	he was such in a rush to take our order and our menu away .
0	_num_ minutes later half of our party needed to leave .
1	felt rushed in and out .
0	diner _num_ - steamed clams .
1	since the moment we walked in , i felt like we were being rushed .
0	also the bathrooms where in bad shape .
1	did n't even think to tip her as i rushed out .
0	as for beverages , they really skimp .
1	she just kept asking anything else , anything else to rush us along .
0	not sure we would return anytime soon .
1	but it was n't , & the time i did have was completely rushed .
0	i did not , however get the best .
1	order taken , maybe slightly rushed .
0	as i said above : it 's worse than the bureau of motor vehicles .
1	i personally felt rushed .
0	olive garden seems like fine dining compared to this place .
1	it 's only a thursday morning after a breakfast rush .
0	then shortly after , i needed to replace the alternator or the like .
1	the techs rushed thru my pedi and fill .
0	she never even looked at me .
1	they did n't rush you .
0	i also thing d & b is n't the cleanest place either .
1	since i was rushed the treatment was ok .
0	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
1	we went for pedicures and they rushed us !
0	not sure what on the salad made me feel this way .
1	i left them as i was not in a rush .
0	i was given a sofa bed to sleep on .
1	also , they were rushing like crazy .
0	yes , that 's not long , but it 's definitely boring .
1	$ _num_ worth of services paid for and all of our services was rushed .
0	we booked a total of _num_ rooms with them and checked in individually .
1	she proceeded to rush me for my name .
0	fried rice was ... just not what i expected , not exceptional either .
1	when we finally got a table , service was rushed and impersonal .
0	she had to check with kitchen several times to answer our questions .
1	this starbucks is somewhat busy but , at mid morning the rush is over .
0	would n't they want you to stay and spend money on their property ?
1	once seated our server came , rushed by and we were n't quite ready .
0	some drinks were returned from the bar while some never reached the table .
1	the replacement order was poorly made and rushed .
0	seating is first come , first served .
1	time to be seen and then you feel like you are rushed out .
0	my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick .
1	disappointed that the cashier tonight was rude and rushed .
0	sadly this one did n't do that for me .
1	he was rushing me out the door , due to the closing time .
0	drinks are not made properly and the draft beer was warm .
1	i would n't recommend this one if you 're in a rush .
0	looked like it had n't been cleaned in a month .
1	the girl at the counter pushed and rushed me .
0	no reply .
1	linguini in that condition at home even on a week night in a rush !
0	very limited color selection .
1	i felt rushed though .
0	fake italian at its finest .
1	stopped on on my lunch break which was during their rush .
0	do not use this cleaner .
1	the women doing my nails was extremely rough and just rushed through the pedicure .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	once we were seated , we were rushed through our breakfast .
0	that is a lot for a less than adequate sandwhich .
1	it was late so we was n't rushing them or anything .
0	to put it lightly ; the staff suck !
1	our server was nice but rushed .
0	i feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole .
1	the sauces are not good and they are constantly rushing you .
0	the fish sandwich arrived nearly _num_ minutes before the rest of our meals .
1	rushed , rude , lousy massage and cluttered work space .
0	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction .
1	one dentist i had was in a rush .
0	we went on a friday and it was n't too busy .
1	the service was rushed and unfriendly .
0	every interaction seems designed to make people feel awkward .
1	it 's difficult to turn left across broadway at morning rush hour .
0	i really hate this place .
1	unfortunately , i was rushed and did n't have time to visit another store .
0	soups could have been a bit more full in the cups .
1	overwhelmed staff at lunch rush .
0	the screens were tiny and the women 's restroom smelled of stale piss .
1	went there first thing when they opened to avoid a lunch rush .
0	um no , its like $ _num_ extra for delivery .
1	they seem to rush the car wash process .
0	not all her fault .
1	after seeing this i rushed down to the front desk to question the charge .
0	i was n't impressed with this place .
1	the whole experience was rushed , which made me feel very uncomfortable .
0	this does n't generally happen to me .
1	felt rushed all night and was n't busy and not closed .
0	service good prices cheap but food very bland and pre made .
1	we would have loved it rushed .
0	was n't the best either .
1	i did n't feel rushed at all .
0	there 's nothing fast about this fast food .
1	he was very curt with us and rushed through the transaction .
0	wifi is spotty .
1	it looked like he did this in a rush and was n't paying attention .
0	not good .
1	to top it off , the server was rushing us to pay our bill .
0	the soda was flat .
1	on top of it , the nail service itself was rushed .
0	plus , the staff is rude .
1	this is not the place to go if you are in a rush .
0	just average unfortunately .
1	here 's the thing - i always feel rushed , totally rushed .
0	that 's the only reason why i gave them such a poor mark .
1	however , i felt rushed through the process .
0	we sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable .
1	rushed and hardly took any time to do a good job .
0	first off , our waitress just was n't good .
1	no part of the experience has me rushing back .
0	not a lot of character , but cheap prices .
1	when i expressed the plate was hot he did not comment and rushed off !
0	this guy is out of control its definitely something wrong with him .
1	the last time i was here i was rushing between flights .
