0	wait which i left to run some errands .
1	the sales staff are incredibly rude .
0	she complained the tea was weak , i never noticed .
1	you just lost a sale !
0	awful awful .
1	i really feel like i was scammed by my sales person and her manager .
0	avoid !
1	the sales reps they call personal trainers are pushy and rude .
0	once again , they were not prompt .
1	terrible service by the sales staff on the floor of the store .
0	i do n't know how people keep coming here .
1	and they use all the cheesy sales tactics you 've been warned about .
0	i figured palace like this would have made their own strawberry topping .
1	instant high blood pressure for sale !
0	one quote $ _num_ , another quote was $ _num_ .
1	i was told the prices were good and the sales people were knowledgeable .
0	i finally had the chance last week and was surprisingly disappointed .
1	their sales tactics are disgusting .
0	not only was the food bad but the service was terrible .
1	zero sense of urgency to complete a sale .
0	your comments have been sent to our general manager , christopher beers .
1	the sales staff were arrogant and completely useless .
0	it 's loud as hell !
1	their sales department has no ethics .
0	horrible , rude service .
1	why sell something your sales staff can not show how to wear it ?
0	maybe the hot dog is cold , but the chili is hot .
1	guess what ; no sales associate .
0	_num_ .
1	there i do n't have to deal with the cobblestone sales bs .
0	extremely long lines , and poorly trained staff .
1	with the discount from their advertised sale it would have been $ _num_ .
0	i wish someone had informed the port authority of this .
1	arrogant , unprofessional , disinterested sales people .
0	there 's a reason why this place has no reviews .
1	he says `` no no no all sales final . ''
0	the fries were fairly soggy and otherwise par for the course .
1	was passed off between _num_ sales reps during visit .
0	the restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of walnut street .
1	after waiting for 5-10 minutes , she went back to the sales person .
0	the fries were bad .
1	i told the sales clerk to take a few links off my new watch .
0	the portions are tiny , and the pho broth leaves you unsatisfied .
1	sales person treated me like i was a very inexperienced .
0	after waiting way too long to even be acknowledged , my order was taken .
1	seriously this guy had little to no experience in car sales .
0	that was the worst meat that i have seen since junior high school .
1	so you missed a _num_ year anniversary type sale jared !
0	while sitting there we noticed _num_ other parties walked out as well .
1	i usually pay _num_ when they are not on sale , but $ _num_ ?
0	he was very rude to us .
1	very deceptive marketing practices and high pressure sales .
0	the guys here were borderline rude to me when i dropped my car off .
1	_num_ year old who had n't experienced the classic `` gym '' sales crap .
0	some drivers can be surly or just downright ignorant .
1	do n't tell me you only make $ _num_ on a lens sale .
0	beware of the ketchup .
1	priced out end tables we liked and they quoted us $ _num_ on sale .
0	but , the fast part for this location has struggled for a while .
1	so why was i shown this tile by the sales rep ?
0	the food is poor .
1	yeah i know sounds like most any used car sales operation in phoenix .
0	it is not safe for kids !
1	the furniture is actually not bad , but the sales people drive me insane .
0	for a coffee shop , the food and drinks here are mediocre at best .
1	the sales guy apparently cant add .
0	i did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left .
1	nice furniture and a knowledgable friendly sales person but very dishonest delivery information .
0	i 'm not a hair stylist .
1	something is always on sale which is why i keep coming back .
0	then staff tried to get in !
1	trader joe 's sales out of a bottle is better .
0	_num_ . )
1	the sales rep guaranteed they would fix and remove all further billing .
0	service is n't that great either .
1	the sales lady made an annoying appearance every ten minutes .
0	and the waitress did n't return until after we were done eating .
1	poor sales guy had to do the install and nobody would help him .
0	shame on me .
1	plus the sales staff are all pushy and overbearing .
0	the pasta dish would have been very good had it been seasoned enough .
1	most of the sales staff ignored me and turned the other way .
0	i said he was being rude to my mother , a paying customer .
1	the fact that angel lied to get a sales is sleazy !
0	whoever gave this place _num_ or five stars must be out of their minds .
1	transfer _num_ , to sales !
0	unfortunately , it is yet another example of poorly made americanized italian food .
1	when we got to the commercial sales counter the employee did remember my call .
0	i mean , we went here thinking we would get a good value .
1	now and then they run a sale : _num_ for $ _num_ .
0	the filet was decent but not $ _num_ worth of decent .
1	rude sales people , run of the mill jewelry .
0	price : tasty is cheap .
1	the sales associate virginia was so rude .
0	assistant manager says he had no way to contact delivery people for assistance .
1	supposedly the popcorn was on sale for $ _num_ .
0	good store - rude owners and employees .
1	bottom line sales team excellent , service do not waste your time !
0	fail !
1	however my protein was no longer on sale .
0	horrible experience .
1	then they offered me the sale at _num_ which they claimed was their cost .
0	i do n't like chains a lot , but some i tolerate .
1	perhaps leftovers from the _num_ steakhouse sale .
0	it 's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows .
1	this car supposedly passed their safety inspection as the sales person told me !
0	it 's clear auto only cares about quantity not quality .
1	there is a really rude sales lady here .
0	ridiculous .
1	i ca n't believe the snooty attitude of the sales staff .
0	just do n't take your dry cleaning here .
1	i just dont trust the sales men anymore .
0	the drinks are not so great .
1	signed sad but will take my sale elsewhere .
0	i 'd hate to be there when they are `` busy '' .
1	several sales were lost today due to her total incompetence .
0	if you like casbah more power to you but for me never again .
1	do n't restaurants make a mint on alcohol sales ?
0	it was disgusting .
1	the sales consultant , paul l. was fantastic .
0	i wish there were zero stars .
1	the sales rep could 've at least offered to check .
0	its owner , gary , enjoys parking in handicapped parking spaces .
1	the sales agent was very deceiving in the transaction .
0	well , i have never felt more embarrassed in a situation .
1	unless you like high pressure sales !
0	_num_ fights broke out while we were there .
1	two more sales people chatting upstairs , instead of helping customers .
0	very bad experience .
1	just do n't bother a busy sales person .
0	the pork chop was so bitter and dry .
1	well , all sales are not final .
0	described as being served with butternut squash , brussel sprouts and cauliflower .
1	sales person was rude and would n't let me try a costume .
0	but as i ate , i was even more disappointed .
1	my sales lady was helping _num_ other girls , meaning she was non existent .
0	i was planning to go again but not anymore .
1	_num_ different sales associates walked by us and made no contact .
0	they did n't wash my hair and the haircut took about _num_ minutes .
1	he was informative but not overbearing and he kept the sale floor immaculate .
0	i thought the selection on the menu was pretty poor .
1	every so often they have these sale days when everything is _num_ % off .
0	the pizza is very soggy and the salad is brown and mostly inedible .
1	prices seem a bit high , sales person was snooty .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	they were having a sale and the flooring i like was _num_ % off .
0	since wings are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable .
1	stay away from sales person kevin .
0	too bad .
1	rude , just plain rude is all i can say about the sales staff .
0	there were _num_ of us and they brought out three .
1	horrible customer service and indifferent sales associates .
0	disgusting .
1	th sales pressure by the staff is too much .
0	the penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor .
1	do n't trust the sales people they are completely useless .
0	i no longer have to carry around my terrible , terrible secret .
1	he lost a sale .
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	terrible sales staff .
0	there 's nothing about this specific location that is bad .
1	however , i really can not get past the attitude of the sales people .
0	but it was n't just the knowledge of the menu .
1	there are too many great shops and nice sales people elsewhere .
0	came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service .
1	we are customers , and you just lost a sale and commission .
0	we ordered an app and unfortunately this is where our problems began .
1	hungry commission driven focused on the sale not the customer .
0	very long wait .
1	sales people are clueless .
0	apart from that , i do n't know why you 'd return .
1	this is just a sales review , not parts or service .
0	and this was an early lunch with very few customers around .
1	we had to wait _num_ minutes for the glasses sales lady to check benefits .
0	the food that was delivered to us was simply inedible .
1	a big sale later i 'm on my way to my vision .
0	it was not a gluten free menu at all !
1	the sales people i interacted with is very pushy and annoying .
0	at first i thought maybe it was a fluke .
1	checking in was a timeshare sales pitch , that i did n't appreciate .
0	but no .
1	the sales rep never said anything about a debit card .
0	the chowder was basically flour stew with potatoes .
1	the sales man eric grant said he would see what he could do .
0	sat at the bar at about _num_ saturday for appetizers and drinks .
1	really no sales or discounts at all .
0	she brought a pile of beverage napkins .
1	i hate high pressure sales .
0	i should have refused delivery and just got my money back .
1	sales were posted all over the store .
0	i really would n't go back again .
1	rude snobby and poorly managed , this place is all about sales .
0	the only way to describe the food is disgusting .
1	the same sales representative that i purchased my products from earlier .
0	very noisy .
1	my sales associate lied to me .
0	it saved me from cooking and doing dishes though .
1	no wonder they all just were sitting around not making any sales .
0	loud is an understatement .
1	nothing overly nice , about the same as a yard sale , but pricier .
0	it 's not .
1	all the sales associates are extremely useful and educated .
0	i do n't know if i can ever return to buca .
1	in general , the stores never have stock on hand that is on sale .
0	they charge me for their mistake .
1	sprint salesman are worse then used car sales man .
0	and when the dessert came it was ice cold and solid as a rock .
1	cons : pricing is ridiculously high unless you find an on sale item .
0	but i was n't feeling it here .
1	there was a big saturday sale going on .
0	again , very bland .
1	absolutely no sales staff on the floor , in the entire store .
0	this is a neighborhood denny 's with a bar .
1	the sales reps are rude and do n't know what they are doing .
0	under no circumstances would i eat here again .
1	from a reliable source , this restaurant is for sale .
0	even the water tasted weird .
1	i explained this the sales associate and it was noted on my account .
0	it was just average , nothing special .
1	the sales experience was fine , but this dealership does not respect your privacy .
0	although i would have to say the pretzel bite appetizer was n't bad .
1	clearly once the sale is made the service is non existent .
0	really sad about this one .
1	they lost my sale .
0	the second haircut was great , but styled horribly .
1	so , after waiting _num_ min a sales lady came to help .
0	the waiter was not nice at all !
1	shame on you , maybe you should teach your sales associates some manners .
0	the owner was sitting right there and did n't do anything or say anything .
1	this was not the fault of the store or the sales team .
0	needless to say , we never returned .
1	they would n't honor pet co 's online sale prices .
0	the `` new '' rooms are terrible .
1	terrible sales associates .
0	however they ( waitresses ) were nice and apologetic .
1	if they had provided those answers , they would have made a sale .
0	hotel restaurants are just awful !
1	there was no compassion and advise from the sales clerk .
0	smoky , but not horribly so .
1	a $ _num_ sale makes more money than a $ _num_ sale !
0	we got there around _num_ and had no wait for a table .
1	this is kind of a touristy , large garage sale place .
0	do not go here -- find another dentist .
1	another lost sale opportunity .
0	it gets packed .
1	rude sales staff .
0	boring .
1	sears website said this location had _num_ available for sale with $ _num_ off .
0	under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order .
1	i even feel bad for the sales people working for that guy .
0	she was rude and all over the place .
1	the sale was a one day sale on girls tank dresses for $ _num_ .
0	the oysters were absolutely disgusting .
1	they did n't even have bread for sale !
0	treated badly .
1	sales lady looked us up and down and walked away .
0	fuck that i do n't need to be disrespected like that .
1	lost sale opportunity .
0	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
1	the sale on our original vehicle went without a hitch .
0	all i got was a chopped up piece of crap that was useless .
1	sales `` manager '' came over and gave us ridiculous pricing .
0	ca n't comment on food since i was just in for beers .
1	the sales team at this store is incredibly incompetent .
0	it was just as lousy as the lunch .
1	they just lost out on that sale .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	then just last weekend i ordered a different pizza because they were on sale .
0	why is n't this practice illegal ?
1	if you get the run around from a sales associate , walk away .
0	gnocchi and duck ragu was what i ordered .
1	as i walked in , a couple of sales associates approached me .
0	why were n't their any ice in the glass ?
1	they sale burgers by the oz here .
0	disgusting !
1	has any and every sales person not seen pretty woman ?
0	they already had my money , so why be courteous now ?
1	just went to best buy - same razor there on sale for $ _num_ .
0	_num_ ) write down orders so you do n't forget .
1	i approached one of the sales associates and her attitude switch was on .
0	i 'll stick with trader joe 's for my alternative market , thank you !
1	watch out when it looks like something is on sale .
0	my poor baby went through hell .
1	current phoenix sales tax is _num_ % and we were being charged _num_ % .
0	i am _num_ and my sisters are younger than i am .
1	he said he would have someone from sales contact me .
0	model cleaners failed to deliver _num_ shirts and _num_ suits in june .
1	hey , car sales person , you 're supposed to sell the car .
0	does n't seem like they keep up with it .
1	three or four male appliance sales people bored out of their minds .
0	we were seated immediately because it was n't too crowded ( bad sign ) .
1	purchased a car there in _num_ and the sales department was pretty good .
0	skip everything else !
1	the sale is scheduled to close mid _num_ .
0	will not eat here again .
1	thank you verizon sales associate for wasting my time .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	they tried hard sale upgrades from the jump .
0	my second room : same line , 3rd floor , also accessible .
1	there was complete silence from her as she continue to ring my sale .
0	at this office any reservation you have is basically worthless .
1	although we had an appointment , our sales rep kept forgetting about us .
0	benihana is not worth your time or money .
1	no sale .
0	the staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order .
1	their policy of `` all sales are final '' does not apply to them .
0	not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience .
1	my sales person was doug harris .
0	- none of the food was super awesome .
1	worst sales reps ever .
0	not to be recommended unless you 're desperate .
1	it was not the sales person 's fault .
0	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
1	i purchased a comforter set and it was not on sale .
0	this is supposed to be the best burgers in the 'burgh .
1	obnoxious sales guy says yes , you do - all mercedes do .
0	this place just bored me .
1	i hate pushy sales people .
0	crappy place .
1	i assumed they would have the sale in the register like a normal store .
0	refused all of those .
1	private sale it 's worth _num_ , maybe .
0	the women at the front of the line had been waiting ten minutes .
1	the things they sale are over priced period .
0	i was horrible .
1	the sales guy went down to get everything and i waited an hour .
0	the bread pudding was ice cold and hard as a rock .
1	no wonder it is for sale .
0	why does pittsburgh have to be so weird ?
1	seeing my disappointment , the sales woman offered to get it from another store .
0	consider where this place is , the prices are really really high .
1	she tried to rush us through the sale .
0	with _num_ waitresses .
1	_num_ the item was on sale !
0	want a zero star option !
1	save your books and sell at a garage sale , seriously !
0	omg , the cheese cake ( at $ _num_ ) was very dry .
1	the sales person lied and lied and ripped us off .
0	my wild mushroom and chicken was not warm but tasted okay .
1	she says they have them , but not for sale .
0	totally disgusting .
1	my guess is the business is probably out for sale .
0	the worst service ever .
1	they also have fake sales .
0	i will _num_ % go back for that !
1	they could n't care less after the sale because it 's already been made .
0	but that 's apparently the way they do it .
1	at the very minimum find a sales person that can help them .
0	first of all the sandwich was on sliced bread ( lame ) !
1	the sales people here seem like they are right off the car lot !
0	the service can be okay or awful .
1	transfer _num_ , to sales ( again ) !
0	fries are nothing special .
1	he said no because the discounts can not be used on sale items .
0	so consider my advice if you decide to purchase here .
1	not too happy with the sales side there .
0	this is not italian food - it 's pittsburgh italian food .
1	this _num_ star review is for the sales team .
0	although i love the store , this store has horrible customer service .
1	we also have had bad experiences with the sales department since .
0	but each time i come away disappointed , even more than last time .
1	also being attentive and friendly gets more sales than being rude and indifferent .
0	_num_ .
1	sales folks are pushy and not helpful .
0	the salad i ordered was wrong , though .
1	very disappointed in this location and their deceptive sales practices .
0	to be smooth after only one pedicure . ''
1	need to stop ticket sales while there is still room to move .
0	i felt sick before i got halfway through it .
1	i would n't do business there if they had a _num_ % off sale .
0	unacceptable .
1	i mean , really , homemade yard sale signs to guide you ?
0	we may have waited _num_ minutes before our table was ready .
1	high pressure sales , more than most care washes .
0	not a good first impression .
1	clerk asked for my id and continued with the sale .
0	_num_ .
1	poor communication , felt like a bad car sale with promises .
0	order : big mac , large fries , diet coke .
1	the manager and sales associates showed little to no concern .
0	just awful .
1	the sales staff ( if you can call them that ) were complete snobs .
0	bad planning and execution ?
1	in the mean time my sales rep was fired apparently .
0	_num_ . )
1	anyway , i hate these shady sales tactics .
0	it was a tired person 's worst nightmare .
1	the sales lady was older ... much older .
0	that was not to be found here .
1	lost a large sale today , again .
0	i will not go back until they clean up the place .
1	the annual pie sale _num_ in february will probably find me there again !
0	diner _num_ - ordered the lobster roll sandwich .
1	absolutely no service after a sale .
0	this mcdonalds is straight crap .
1	i refused to give this store any sale for their lack of service !
0	my mom ordered the mushroom ravioli , which was completely bland .
1	i met with a sales rep to discuss a quote on wedding flowers .
0	instead all squash was replaced by peppers ... which i can not eat .
1	abysmal customer service from the install sales team .
