0	the second time , though , was tonight , valentine 's day .
1	just had the worst experience at a nail salon .
0	the drinks took forever , i had something floating in my wine .
1	i think i 'll go to salon _num_ or tip and toes nails .
0	so i was like dang !
1	i would n't recommend richard or the salon to anyone .
0	i also had a few bites of the chicken marsala .
1	do not go to this nail salon .
0	anyways , horrible experience .
1	salon earns a minus _num_ the worst ever !
0	the slice of tomato that i had them add was not ripe .
1	this was my second time to this nail salon for a pedicure .
0	it was a saturday !
1	i called the salon and spoke to the manager on monday .
0	extremely rude lady works there on sundays .
1	my advice to you guys is to never go to this nail salon .
0	wo n't be coming back anytime soon .
1	went to this salon in october for a pedicure .
0	why the hell was there a wait ?
1	by far the worst experience at a nail salon ever !
0	ok , i get it , your busy .
1	the one i had at this salon was among the worst .
0	the last time that we went there he had our car for over week .
1	worst nail salon i have ever been too .
0	first of all , foods were n't impressive .
1	worst salon ever .
0	the main reason for the low rating was the service .
1	the worst salon experience of my life .
0	the music the guys played was all stuff from like _num_ .
1	this salon needs to be shut down by the sanitation department !
0	i gave up and refused the offer for another .
1	not a lot of nail salons open on sunday here .
0	felt like i was in someone else 's hood .
1	so i am posting this review due to my experience at this salon .
0	ridiculous .
1	number one rule of salons , sanitation !
0	and , a table of _num_ leaving and all paying separately .
1	i have tried many different nail salons in the valley but never been satisfied .
0	the ac barely works .
1	i will not be coming back to this nail salon .
0	it tasted like hot chocolate .
1	very disappointed with this salon .
0	the food sucked .
1	the salon is also outdated and lots of older clientele .
0	i was so mad .
1	it was the longest i have ever been at a nail salon .
0	possibly the worst dining experience i 've had .
1	more than that , i felt very uncomfortable with the condition of the salon .
0	omg , the cheese cake ( at $ _num_ ) was very dry .
1	never been lied to by a salon before until today .
0	the store never looks very clean .
1	i can not recommend anyone doing business at uptown retreat salon .
0	for my car the average oil change runs about $ _num_ .
1	i 've never been treated that way at an aveda salon .
0	bar staff not so much this visit .
1	walmart nail salon a disaster .
0	third , the food was lacking in proper seasoning and without any taste .
1	i would absolutely not return to this salon .
0	barely reheated naan .
1	i go to this nail salon frequently .
0	every interaction seems designed to make people feel awkward .
1	oh and the salon is dirty .
0	my pizza was okay , nothing yummy .
1	i will never attend this salon again !
0	finally , someone wandered in from the back and rang up our items .
1	there were to my knowledge _num_ employees in the salon doing nothing .
0	i got the lobster roll and was really disappointed .
1	i also must warn you that the ventilation in this salon is awful .
0	just this last episode that has to deal with an inspection has me annoyed !
1	i complained to the manager of the salon and she could care less .
0	it was a tad weird .
1	this was the most painful experience i 've ever had at a nail salon .
0	$ _num_ caesar salad with tasteless dressing that probably came out of a bottle .
1	i went to the ulta salon to get a color and cut .
0	it was fixed promptly , but made a bad first impression .
1	finally get up to the salon and it was dead to my surprise .
0	if i could give this place _num_ starts i would .
1	i was not impressed with the atmosphere of the salons either .
0	_num_ out of _num_ is not great .
1	there 's other salons that only charge _num_ bucks more for way better service .
0	not clean , either .
1	next time , we will wait for a real salon .
0	at this point , my patience are very thin .
1	it 's just a really bad way to begin and end every salon visit .
0	as far as i know they are no longer open at this location .
1	this is the worst customer service i have experienced at a nail salon .
0	i would not recommend anybody go .
1	okay so ulta salon is equivalent to a super cuts .
0	it is appalling to see what that place has become .
1	horrible salon ... dirty , also , just as a side note .
0	but my date returned and relaxed with a glass of wine as we chatted .
1	not a good nail salon .
0	the worst of it is the damage caused by being over processed .
1	would give this joke of a salon _num_ stars if at all possible .
0	um , i 'm not asking you to help me sort things .
1	so i think my experience at this salon was mixed at best .
0	my night was ruined thanks to this pizza hut .
1	if i could give this salon negative reviews , i would !
0	seafood noodle soup had slices of pork .
1	it ca n't , at least not at this salon .
0	not sure what people see here but it 's a never again .
1	at this point i was completely frustrated so i gave the salon a call .
0	some of the worst service ever .
1	i was so disappointed in this nail salon .
0	literally disgusting .
1	to make things worse , they speak in vietnamese about salon clients .
0	it literally sounds like there is a major concert going on .
1	this is worst nail salon in las vegas .
0	we had the same experience when we walked in .
1	next the salon is dirty and i felt super uncomfortable .
0	odds are , you 'd get a better experience at home .
1	i have been a customer of this nail salon for over a year .
0	no more .
1	do not go to this salon !
0	what i received reminded me of mrs grass soup .
1	this was the most disappointing trip to the nail salon i 've ever had .
0	the low point lately has been the food .
1	i called the salon several more times with no luck .
0	the same _num_ pack cost _num_ back in my hometown .
1	i would not recommend this salon .
0	the worst part was checking out .
1	the entire salon and nail stations were disgusting .
0	it 's absolutely disgusting , and you get no peace whatsoever .
1	i get to the salon and they have temporary hours .
0	she said it was salty but the pasta was bland .
1	and you can find other better salons for the price .
0	worst .
1	after much thought , i chose another salon all together .
0	let 's start with having a _num_ sanitation rating .
1	please do not go to this salon .
0	this experience was not worth the beautiful dresses .
1	i have no idea how this salon has the star rating it does .
0	the clam chowder was just ok .
1	do not do business with this salon !
0	horrible is the word .
1	i went to this salon for a _num_ minute full custom facial .
0	waitresses were overwhelmed and avoided us .
1	there are better salons around this area .
0	szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
1	i went into dean of shadyside salon to get my hair colored .
0	he seemed to be in a bad mood and made us feel uncomfortable .
1	i wo n't be back to bravo salon .
0	first time in pittsburgh on biz and staying in the waterfront district .
1	i could hear every sound in the salon during my massage .
0	this store is terrible .
1	terrible salon , terrible customer service .
0	if you are in the aaa , you 'll know i 'm calling .
1	unprofessional , dirty salon .
0	boring sandwich .
1	so , onto the second try with this same salon .
0	tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed .
1	what a terrible nail salon .
0	avoid if you want anything but americanized junk food .
1	however new owner of salon gets a zero .
0	service was horrible .
1	very very disappointed in this salon and i will never ever return .
0	avoid .
1	by far one of the worst nail salons ever .
0	i purchase those passing pittsburgh , not really possible asking for refund .
1	the first nail salon i have been to that i would not recommend .
0	i figured wrong .
1	my husband gave me a gift certificate for this salon .
0	!
1	i counted at least _num_ customers in the salon .
0	called back and was told wait time would be _num_ minutes .
1	most horrible nail salon ever .
0	i waited _num_ hour and _num_ minutes for my pizza to be delivered .
1	very very disappointed with this salon .
0	the food was ok , but nothing special .
1	this may be the worst nail salon on the planet .
0	also they are n't following corporate policy .
1	i am forced to try some other nail salons .
0	we were disappointed in this hotel .
1	ulta salon is terrible .
0	the bus number is _num_ .
1	i 've had more relaxing mani pedis from the salons on every corner .
0	do you ever leave a place and feel exhausted ?
1	i will not be returning to this salon .
0	walking on it with shoes on disgusted me .
1	i 've had appointments with salon owners and never had to leave payment info .
0	i do not recommend this restaurant .
1	i do n't return to salons where my nails chip too soon .
0	it appears this location has a serious management issue .
1	definitely the worst experience i 've had at a nail salon .
0	after getting my `` window '' they never showed up .
1	for their prices , i would chose a better salon .
0	no thanks .
1	i would not go back to tiffany 's nail salon for a gel manicure .
0	stopped in on the fourth of july for evening cocktail and small meal .
1	i actually canceled my membership at another nail salon to start coming here .
0	the bill was $ _num_ so it is pricey .
1	in the end , it forced me to find a new nail salon .
0	okay thai food , nothing special , and overpriced .
1	went later to another salon to have the nails fixed .
0	risotto , while one of my favorites , is n't pasta .
1	it 's worse than any other salon i 've been to .
0	it was like pizza soup in a crust bowl .
1	the price was very comparable to walk in nail salons in the area .
0	too bad the food was n't good .
1	also , the salon was not very sanitary looking .
0	she paid top dollar for the tree because she believed it was guaranteed .
1	so , if you are new to this salon beware .
0	this has to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront .
1	i give this bridal salon _num_ stars .
0	she thought the potato side was just so-so .
1	shady and terribly run nail salon .
0	extremely disappointing .
1	the salon is n't very pretty , but that does n't really matter .
0	did n't get our food until after _num_ .
1	i quickly cross my name off the sticky note and exit the salon .
0	service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly .
1	i will be making the drive to north vegas to my favorite salon .
0	needless to say , i will not be coming back to this place .
1	i am in search of a new salon definitely !
0	it was hardly edible .
1	the worst nail salon experience since moving to henderson in october !
0	do not use this dry cleaner .
1	grooming salon has gone downhill !
0	all bad news .
1	i called the salon and they asked i return and have the shellac redone .
0	i got rid of it myself , though lol .
1	absolute worst experience at a nail salon .
0	jimmy wan 's offers white and brown , no extra charge .
1	a few days later , i was then contacted by the grooming salon manager .
0	decent furniture but wow was i disappointed by the payment process .
1	worst nail salon i have ever been to in my whole entire existence .
0	we woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place .
1	it was not busy ( _num_ other customers in the salon ) .
0	the ladies at the reception desk are horrible !
1	i would not recommend this salon unless you want a simple , plain cut .
0	not even the potato pancakes tasted good .
1	i was just at this salon yesterday and i was not impressed .
0	apparently it was a list of people that needed to be seated .
1	worse nail salon i 've ever experienced .
0	i would n't recommend going here .
1	i went on a saturday at _num_ and the salon was empty .
0	btw , no one ever showed up to fix the air .
1	i have never hated any nail salon until now .
0	im _num_ from ohio .
1	i was thoroughly disappointed and had to get a cut at another salon .
0	the quality was horrible .
1	i 'd rather find another salon than deal with what i dealt with .
0	however , the pricing really is low when you 're lazy .
1	first off , if i could i would give the salon negative _num_ stars .
0	my recommendation was to burn this place to the ground .
1	the salon is another thing ... do n't go there !
0	leftovers .
1	when you first walk in it looks a little nicer then most salons .
0	$ _num_ corkage fee for _num_ bottle of wine .
1	do n't waste your money on this over priced low quality salon .
0	no fish .
1	i 've been in this salon several times over the past couple of years .
0	you could n't pay me to go back to this place !
1	it 's not some high fashion salon !
0	my soul purpose to coming here was to get my license picture taken .
1	avoid this grooming salon .
0	provolone sticks arrived undercooked , cheese was fully solid , they tasted okay .
1	i will just stay with my current salon and not bother top nail .
0	this was gross and a waste of _num_ dollars .
1	worst nail salon ever !
0	service is very bad .
1	i could have gotten a better wax at a cheap nail salon .
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	i walked into this salon with long , healthy , shiny , well-maintained hair .
0	after _num_ minutes he never returned .
1	this place is one of the worst nail salons i have been to .
0	do not stay here .
1	extremely opposite of my past experiences with salons .
0	the food is bland , bland bland .
1	maybe if you are a frequent customer to this salon you are treated differently .
0	the food was awful .
1	i would not recommend this salon at all !
0	at the same time she got sat another table of _num_ women .
1	salon , which got worse as it went on .
0	in fact , it was awful .
1	it was the most uncomfortable experience i 've ever had at a nail salon .
0	is it possible to give zero stars ?
1	worst nail salon ever .
0	really do n't get the high praise for their pizza .
1	i left the salon with almost black hair .
0	it took over _num_ minutes to get the order .
1	also , the salon was a sauna !
0	still , would not recommend .
1	stay away from this salon for gel nails .
0	bad night ?
1	went to sincerely your hair salon dec 20th ... color already coming out .
0	just come and play the games , but skip the food .
1	the wife sent me down to the other salon where the husband was .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
1	this is the worst nail salon i have been .
0	never again , they are off my list .
1	unless you have time to waste , do n't go to this nail salon .
0	this place does n't feel clean or inviting .
1	worst nail salon i have ever been to !
0	nothing special , it is kmart after all .
1	unfortunately , i had a really terrible experience at this salon .
0	_num_ ) write down orders so you do n't forget .
1	i really expected more from a salon in ahwatukee .
0	i have an awful experience .
1	i will never step foot into this salon .
0	pay more elsewhere for better quality .
1	i actually found this salon on yelp and am terribly disappointed .
0	the beer selection is n't that great and the upstairs bar is not full .
1	with so many other salons not worth going to this one .
0	there were nine people in the bar section .
1	needless to say , i went to another nail salon to get them fixed .
0	obviously management is not training well for customer service at this location .
1	there are plenty of other bridal salons that would be much nicer and accommodating .
0	do n't stay here , save your money .
1	price was as i expected for a nice looking salon .
0	fishy smell .
1	i would not recommend this salon unless you know the specific hair dresser .
0	we wo n't be ordering from here again .
1	drive down _num_ more feet for another salon .
0	extremely disappointed .
1	i will never go to the madison avenue salon again .
0	but i 'm a tourist here , and wanted to try it .
1	i went to ulta salon because i wanted a cheaper decent haircut .
0	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
1	very disappointing from what should have been a great salon .
0	also , white tortillas just do not do it for me .
1	there is nothing soothing about this salon .
0	terrible service .
1	never have i left a nail salon so mad in my life !
0	i got a huge hot pepper that burnt the crap out of my lip .
1	i was not thrilled with my recent salon experience at ulta .
0	i have n't been here in a long time .
1	there are too many other nail salons around to put up with this treatment .
0	the top was n't even and was kind of a mess .
1	when i entered the salon , i saw _num_ employees .
0	ours was n't plain and simple .
1	nail salons like this give the rest a bad wrap !
0	so , yeah , the smell .
1	as for the salon itself , everyone else was courteous and clean .
0	i had the thai beef salad and it had about _num_ strips of beef .
1	is this a one person salon that can not resolve an problem like this ?
0	the waitress who seemed to be rushed did not offer any recommendations .
1	i very much regret ever trying this salon .
0	stay far away from this place .
1	there is a reason this salon was empty .
0	pleasant staff , but poor quality work .
1	bad : the salon is run down .
0	never again will i go to this location .
1	needles to say the trip to the salon was n't going well .
0	i ate about _num_ bites and left the rest .
1	yeah , that 's why i booked one at your salon .
0	my girlfriend and i came to have some dinner around _num_ pm .
1	the salon itself also disappointed me .
0	now i 'm sad , real sad .
1	the salon and mimi are a mess .
0	another _num_ minutes pass and we finally got our order .
1	salon is hit or miss depending on who does your nails .
0	my co-worker 's chicken was n't cooked right .
1	i can not recommend this salon .
0	will i come back to your restaurant , i 'm not sure .
1	seriously , i think the salon has some big problems starting with the owner .
0	no , but you know that better is out there .
1	i would n't recommend this salon .
0	this place is a train wreck .
1	the salon itself is dated and the quality of work below par .
0	do not use their car wash .
1	i should have know better than to use a budget salon .
0	i will not be returning .
1	the salon is so dirty we left before i let them cut me hair .
0	but it certainly is sub-par .
1	additionally , the experience at the salon left much to be desired .
0	this was such a sour experience .
1	i stopped by because my regular salon was booked .
0	every time we have eaten here , we were hungry shortly after .
1	also the salon was hot as shit .
0	the only thing i found good was the plain rice .
1	so i just left this salon .
0	ok italian food , portions are big , but you pay for them .
1	if i could give negative stars for the salon i would .
0	for my entree , i tried the lasagna recommended by the waiter .
1	( anna no longer owns her salon .
0	one minute later all of our food was delivered cold .
1	i would not recommend this salon to a friend .
0	maybe i just ate the box ?
1	i will not be returning to the salon .
0	i would have given it _num_ stars .
1	i will never go to this salon again to get any service .
0	the place is not even kept up anymore .
1	worst nail salon i 've ever been too .
0	others in our group had problems as well .
1	i would suggest to try another nail salon !
0	a few of us went out after late night bowling to get some food .
1	when i spend that much money on a salon visit .
0	the food i ordered was penne alla vodka , which was pretty tasty .
1	this salon is terrible .
0	she refused , and again tried to place the blame on me .
1	do not wax at this salon as she practices on clients .
0	for a $ _num_ meal each , not great .
1	i would definitely not be going back to that salon .
0	i 've eaten there many times in the hopes that maybe i missed something .
1	i 've never been in such a disorganized nail salon .
0	this place needs to be closed - stay away !
1	so i turned around and drove back to the salon .
0	i sent all the food back shortly into the meal because it was cold .
1	the salon is under new management and so is the school .
