0	this place is a bad idea all around .
1	not a soup but more of a raw salsa with large chunks .
0	she then told me it only comes with cheese .
1	greasy chips , tasteless watery salsa and horrible food !
0	and again naturally , no return phone call .
1	first of all the salsa dip trays are a total joke .
0	of shrimp and _num_ scallops with very little salad greens for alot of money .
1	the chips and salsa were just okay .
0	breaking off buttons then charging to put back on .
1	the chips and salsa are great , but everything else is pretty bland .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	-- salsa _num_ to _num_ days old .
0	we ate two each , then told the server we did n't want them .
1	the salsa and everything else was processed , canned , pre-made garbage !
0	also lot _num_ had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there .
1	salsa was bland .
0	just meh sorta flavorless .
1	the salsa was nothing special .
0	done in less than _num_ hours .
1	we were there for over _num_ minutes before we received chips and salsa .
0	either way , on a saturday night , i would n't recommend going here .
1	chips were just extra greasy , salsa watered down , meals without much taste .
0	followed with an arrogant face !
1	they brought chips and _num_ salsas .
0	the cashier was very polite , inviting , and helpful .
1	_num_ who puts black olives in their salsa ?
0	i mean , so so bad .
1	even the salsa was bland !
0	i really was n't thrilled with our meal here .
1	by far the worst salsa i 've ever had !
0	i wish i could give less stars .
1	salsas are less than o.k .
0	the weekdays are bad enough .
1	the guacamole and salsa were good , otherwise do n't waste your time .
0	my food was plain and boring .
1	even the salsa for the chips was thin and tasteless .
0	nor is there any hint of a true thai taste .
1	i asked the waitress ... did n't this come with the mango salsa topping ?
0	never going back .
1	the spicier salsa was brought out and it was n't much better .
0	guess that cracking was n't so bad after all .
1	the chips & salsa were mediocre at best , probably not even that .
0	it was n't me .
1	chips and salsa were ok .
0	usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese .
1	the chips had no salt and the salsa tasted like ketchup .
0	dry rice , no flavor , greasy .
1	chips and salsa what mexican restaurant charges for that ?
0	very disappointed in this place .
1	the salsa was ok ... not amazing but not bad .
0	awful awful .
1	the melon salsa was horrid .
0	the flatbread pizza most likely came out of the box .
1	the chicken was flavorful but the salsa were definitely lacking .
0	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
1	the chips are straight from a bag and the salsa was quite bland .
0	better than nothing , i suppose .
1	it was a red salsa and tasted like it was homemade .
0	we got garlic bread which was too thick and not enough butter .
1	no salsa , no lettuce , guac , sour cream .
0	my boyfriend had their philly cheesesteak and he could n't finish it .
1	actually i take that partially back , the chips and salsa were good .
0	that was $ _num_ down the drain .
1	the salsa was bland and tasteless .
0	do n't think i 'll be coming back .
1	i was literally drinking the salsa to get the taste out of my mouth .
0	the corned beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special .
1	the salsa did help but overall they were weak tacos .
0	it was a small side salad of iceberg lettuce and croutons with italian dressing .
1	the house salsa was ok but i 've had better from a jar .
0	mens room did n't have any paper towels to dry hands with .
1	dirty tables , salsa spilled on the floor & tables .
0	my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
1	salsa is _num_ stars .
0	makes you wonder just how safe the kitchen is .
1	i hate it when the salsa is watery thin .
0	i was really excited to hear that they had smoked salmon .
1	there were about _num_ people for the salsa group lessons .
0	it smelled awful inside .
1	perhaps too quickly , as the salsa mixture was not explained .
0	it is my pet peeve .
1	finally we went with the sesame crusted fish with a melon salsa .
0	other than that , customer service is awful .
1	the salsa tasted like tomato paste with pepper .
0	both were not unique in flavor or presentation .
1	salsa was just okay .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	i agree w/ the other reviewers who mentioned the salsa was good .
0	but , the fast part for this location has struggled for a while .
1	no free chips and salsa like every other mexican restaurant on the planet .
0	others in our group had problems as well .
1	salsa was horrible .
0	how can i help you today ? ''
1	the salsa tasted , ( and looked ) , like tomato paste .
0	the food was uninspired , tired , and ordinary .
1	i also came with salsa , which was terrible .
0	there were no apologies for the mistakes .
1	the chips and salsa also not that good .
0	big disappointment ... try the hilton .
1	they have awesome salsa but not awesome chips .
0	nothing was the way i ordered it !
1	it tasted like jar salsa .
0	no dice .
1	the only flavor at this restaurant was in the salsa .
0	we wasted $ _num_ on spoiled food .
1	i ordered a veggie burrito with a side of fruit and some salsa .
0	then , she sat _num_ small parties there .
1	i ate the salsa and chips and was getting sick .
0	this was a very disappointing dining experience .
1	chips and salsa were old and tasteless .
0	all working hard , but covering too many tables .
1	the salsa was the horrible nyc type .
0	furthermore i week later i found my car 's belt system was broken .
1	hardly any room for salsa .
0	do not stay here .
1	their chips and salsa is bad .
0	this place is n't very good .
1	the salsa is n't very good ; it 's bland for a mexican place .
0	and then it was only because we flagged someone down .
1	there was salsa all over the seating , really the interior needs a facelift .
0	overall the rent keeps going up every year and their service just getting worse .
1	came in this past sunday , chips and salsa were alright .
0	)
1	i ordered some of their hot sauce and it was chunky like their salsa .
0	no way .
1	even the salsa could n't help it .
0	i ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and was disappointed .
1	even the `` spicy '' salsa failed to live up to its name .
0	worst pizza i have had in my entire _num_ years of life .
1	the salsa is partially made from canned tomatoes and taste like it .
0	unless she is really trying to take over the olive garden market .
1	the chips for the salsa were stale .
0	the food was very poor .
1	the chips were noticeably stale , but the salsa was good .
0	the shrimp and pasta , however , were cooked well .
1	salsa was very flavorful if you like slightly bad to real bad .
0	the wait staff is slow and management has no clue .
1	salsa was soo small there was no point .
0	everything we ordered was very very bland .
1	they also charge $ _num_ for a second helping of chips and salsa .
0	last week my husband and i visited pittsburgh for a rock concert .
1	as for the food the chips and salsa were on point .
0	burgers are adequate - nothing special .
1	the chips and salsa were good with a little bit of spice .
0	i do n't hate anything on the harris grill menu .
1	chips and salsa were really good , but beware the chips cost $ _num_ .
0	why the hell are you in such a hurry '' .
1	even the salsa is pretty crappy .
0	my eggs benedict was good , so was my bloody mary .
1	started off with some chips and salsa ... pretty standard .
0	it 's not .
1	it is pretty bad and the salsa has taken a real dive too .
0	the food , on the other hand , is not good .
1	it comes with bottled salsa again not freshly made as you would also expect .
0	i even asked my husband to check in case i missed it .
1	my salsa was watery and it had one huge tomato chunk it .
0	basically , reservations mean nothing here .
1	the salsa , although bland , was surprisingly spicy .
0	on an _num_ degree day one buses heat was on full blast .
1	the salsa was n't salsa at all just hot sauce .
0	it tasted and looked like rice .
1	the chips were soaked with grease and the salsa was bland .
0	sorry buds !
1	they had some chips and salsa in the bar , but neither was good .
0	the first time , i thought maybe i just got a bad batch .
1	the salsa and chips were the highlight .
0	omg what a nightmare .
1	we asked for salsa _num_ times and had to wait _num_ minutes for salsa .
0	first , we were disappointed by how many places were closed on a sunday .
1	a mexican place that doesnt serve hot salsa ?
0	horrible service and food .
1	the salsa is basically water , ketchup and chili powder .
0	even the shoes fell apart after a few months .
1	i would make own salsa or just eat a little pico for spice .
0	they put oil on the sandwich , but no other dressing .
1	the chips were very basic , and the salsa bored me .
0	finally - a halfway decent tv setup , pittsburgh !
1	no mild salsa , no rice ... ... why bother !
0	the guys here were borderline rude to me when i dropped my car off .
1	after getting over that the waitress brought over menu and chips and salsa .
0	i stood there for a second and realized she was blatantly blowing me off .
1	the salsa in general needs more garlic and cilantro , in my opinion .
0	this is the second bad experience i 've had at this particular location .
1	greasy tacos , the only thing good was the spicy salsa .
0	my husband has eaten there before and was sorely disappointed as well .
1	chips were pretty good ... salsa horrible .
0	too bad the food was n't good .
1	margs have a strange after taste and the salsa is very bland .
0	the worst of our experience ?
1	bland factory chips and the um , salsa you say ?
0	he never approached our table , but he walked past us several times .
1	we do n't need chips and salsa , we 're supposed to get cornbread !
0	i 'm not sure what was worse food or service .
1	as others have pointed out , the salsa is terrible .
0	the staff called the cops who are apparently there but not doing anything .
1	they also charge for chips and salsa .
0	they are not very through .
1	sadly , we did n't have any salsa to put on it .
0	also they are n't following corporate policy .
1	we complained the salsa was too hot and asked if she has something else .
0	i wish i did n't have to give even _num_ star .
1	the salsa and chips are overrated .
0	i am definitely disappointed .
1	they eventually came and brought us typical chips and awful salsa .
0	compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite .
1	the salsa is pretty bad .
0	but their repeated attempts to enter woke us up .
1	even the chips and salsa are n't terribly good .
0	they made it anyway and gave it to me .
1	the chips and salsa were eh , ok .
0	the menu says there 's a charge for fried rice instead of white .
1	food had little flavor and worst of all , they ran out of salsa .
0	her ex must have ran , not walked away from her .
1	the salsa was n't bad .
0	place was a little bit of a disaster .
1	baja has a separate salsa bar where customers can serve themselves .
0	tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency .
1	salsa were runny and definitely not spicy .
0	the spinach pie was ok .
1	only good thing : the salsa , and the bowl it came in .
0	so i went back first thing the next day , and showed the tailor .
1	bland flavors and no salsas on the salsa bar .
0	also the inside is dirty as heck .
1	drinks were good but the chips and salsa were n't great .
0	hot & sour soup was highly americanized , not very hot or very sour .
1	salsa is chunky watered down and blah .
0	there were no pictures hung in the room to improve the appearance .
1	the chips were good but the salsa was very bland and watery .
0	the locals that like this joint must have smoker destroyed taste buds .
1	the chips & salsa that followed were completely underwhelmed .
0	i would not entertain having an event for any more than _num_ people .
1	salsa is tomato sauce .
0	the breakfast area was incredibly crowded .
1	it had boiled , `` runny '' chicken and some salsa in it .
0	i really want to like this place .
1	the salsa is chipotle too .
0	i pushed it away ugh !
1	i wish their spicy salsa was spicier though .
0	my party and i left to go to another restaurant .
1	example : `` pico and hot salsa . ''
0	my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick .
1	the salsa was n't very good either .
0	it 's happened everytime i go and it 's really unprofessional .
1	no chips and salsa to start with just styrofoam !
0	i think the food is boring .
1	the salsa that comes with the chips is only okay .
0	_num_ .
1	chips no salsa .
0	i sat in the waiting room until _num_ am .
1	the salsa was lame , the chips stale .
0	they are understaffed , incompetent , and slow .
1	salsa , canned , fake and simply unacceptable .
0	for the entree , i ordered rigatoni and my fiance had baked ziti .
1	their green salsa is out of this world .
0	terrible .
1	my mom who only eats mild salsa could n't even finish a bite .
0	why does n't the schedule know this ?
1	chips and salsa tasted like pace .
0	poor service from the door .
1	salsa blah , beans and rice too salty .
0	i got a medium _num_ topping and this pizza was very bland to me .
1	salsa is watered down .
0	i should know better than to have high expectations .
1	chips and salsa to start ... i 've honestly had better salsa from target .
0	the veggies were about average , not fresh , but did n't taste gross .
1	chips and salsa are my favorite here .
0	but damn , i was hungry !
1	the chips were light and crispy but the salsa tasted pretty generic .
0	i booked this hotel stay for a business ( military ) event .
1	in all , i 'd only come back for the chips & salsa .
0	boring sandwich .
1	the salsa is n't right , either .
0	we all know it 's not great .
1	got tiny tiny bowl of chips , no salsa .
0	the ambiance is a little strange .
1	the salsa is great but too spicy for some at the table .
0	the receptionist can not handle tips at all .
1	the mild salsa was very hot compared to how it normally is .
0	but going here is always such a nightmare .
1	first , the salsas are lacking .
0	horrible .
1	the most disappointing part of the meal was the salsa .
0	maybe i just had a bad day .
1	horrible canned salsa .
0	worst fast food i 've ever been to .
1	i still added lots of salsa too which i also enjoyed .
0	yep , the food was cold .
1	for example , the fresh tomato salsa served with my fajitas was spent .
0	lot _num_ is ultimately a forgettable lunch destination .
1	the salsa was absolutely gross and tasteless .
0	i paid $ _num_ to add sauted mushrooms , onions , and cheese .
1	could n't get my servers attention for hot sauce or salsa to add flavor .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	the chips & salsa are better than most .
0	the new tuna tartare appetizer was the highlight of our night .
1	shame on them for no chips and salsa !
0	the owner ( larger woman ) is rude and dismissive of my questions .
1	despite my trying to `` improve '' the salsa , i failed .
0	additionally , the experience at the salon left much to be desired .
1	this is where that salsa we discussed earlier comes in .
0	i assumed it was leaking and brushed it off .
1	salsa thin and watery .
0	the side of vegetables were well cooked , buy again lacked any real flavor .
1	the chips and salsa were decent but nothing special .
0	_num_ .
1	also the salsa is too spicy for kids to eat .
0	all the white people get to eat , we do not ?
1	the sauce taste like salsa filler .
0	she was sick six ways to sunday .
1	after _num_ hours i received my breakfast burrito ( they forgot the salsa ) .
0	the building we stayed in was not full .
1	chips and salsa were n't anything special , kind of tasted bland .
0	my overall point is just be careful working with them .
1	i dont like their salsas , prob my biggest complaint .
0	but too much pamela 's seems greasy .
1	chips were ordinary and the salsa was a bit watery for my taste .
0	my girlfriend had a similarly bland meal .
1	no salsa verde or any red sauce at all .
0	every order is wrong .
1	do n't understand the other positive reviews about the great salsa .
0	i woke up with bed bug bites all over my body !
1	salsa is n't spicy anymore .
0	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
1	no flavor - terrible , watery salsa ( served in a plastic bottle ) .
0	the `` chicken '' is dark , fatty , and inedible .
1	tried some chips and salsa too .
0	if they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating .
1	the chips and salsa were not good .
0	they put way too much cheese on everything .
1	the salsa was tangy and smelled like it was made with bad tomatoes .
0	ok , mistake .
1	their chips are like cardboard and the salsa never tastes fresh .
0	the biggest problem ?
1	only saving grace was that the side of salsa was very spicy .
0	totally my own fault , but still , watch out .
1	salsa was flavorful , but nothing to write home about .
0	i 'm sure that this is a fluke and will be taken care of .
1	salsa is ok , just not as good as most restaurants .
0	the shrimp does n't have any flavor and just tastes like grease .
1	the salsa was weird .
0	pasta was watery and very limp .
1	chips & salsa were fine .
0	times , and it still is not resolved .
1	the salsa has really gone downhill .
0	we will be calling again today to get our money back .
1	not great salsa and not a lot of options for the vegetarian .
0	i was very disappointed .
1	the hot salsa was not my flavor and i like the hot salsas .
0	when we walked in , it was like we were in the south pacific .
1	the salsa was just ok .
0	the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay .
1	i ordered a spanish omelet that was supposed to come with salsa .
0	fast forward to july ( _num_ weeks before the wedding ) .
1	the chips tasted stale and the salsa was pretty gross too .
0	dirty place and horrible service .
1	however , the chips and salsa were underwhelming at the best .
0	um , no ... it was more like garbage sewer sauce .
1	they start you off with chips and salsa .
0	i then recieved the bill the next month and the price had no change .
1	the salsa especially was so bland and tasteless .
0	thankfully they give it to me without further lip .
1	there is a plastic fork laying in one of the salsa containers .
0	that is completely ridiculous .
1	just not the salsa or chips .
0	also , the service was not that good .
1	chips and salsa are complimentary .
0	it 's unacceptable .
1	the salsas were just ok ... .
0	it was horrible .
1	* there was no salsa therefore nothing spanish about it .
0	- original pretzel appetizer .
1	the chips and salsa were terrible .
0	the place is crowded and cramped too , but not unpleasant .
1	chips and salsa came immediately .
0	shortly after , another lady comes over .
1	poor presentation on the salsa .
0	_num_ .
1	my husband said , salsa , corn and light sour cream .
0	never ever again will we return here .
1	about 10-15 minutes later , chips and salsa came out .
0	it was bitter cold outside .
1	they serve chips , salsa , and refried beans as a starter .
0	this place is one of only a couple open in the burgh _num_ hours .
1	guess it 's a good thing that the salsa was n't that good .
0	_num_ .
1	the mild salsa just tasted like cilantro .
0	one table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention .
1	really , are they kidding serving store bought salsa ?
0	worst bar i have ever been to .
1	the rice was dry and the salsa seemed to come right of the can .
0	it just is n't for me .
1	took one bite of the salsa , that was it.
0	ugh .
1	before we were approached with chips and salsa .
0	no one was uptown and the place was completely empty .
1	now it 's time to go through the salsa , sour cream , etc .
0	the service , on the other hand , was terrible .
1	i only ordered drinks and had some chips and salsa .
0	i called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be _num_ mins .
1	the salsa tasted like tomato and onion .
