0	i will never be back .
1	i asked for meat sauce with my ravioli , i got red sauce .
0	no management present that we could see .
1	the sauce is filled with sugar , and it was runny !
0	they kill more pets for space than any other pittsburgh shelter .
1	the sauce that was served with it did n't do much to save it .
0	our _num_ drink and lunch took over two hours to complete .
1	watered down sauce .
0	i will not go back again .
1	um , no ... it was more like garbage sewer sauce .
0	i have been riding the bus for as long as i can remember .
1	in buffalo , we like a little pasta with our sauce .
0	the chicken was tasteless and the mac was bland .
1	we ordered the lasagna with marinara sauce and manicotti with meat sauce .
0	try tom 's diner or eat 'n park instead .
1	she had smoked wings with ranch dressing , they arrived with barbecue sauce .
0	the waitress was very curt and disrespectful .
1	the noodles were a bit dried out but the sauce was super yummy .
0	my caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland .
1	what saved them was the bbq sauce .
0	would not go back and would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	bad sauce with flavorless cheese .
0	yes i know sometimes things could land i 'm my food .
1	food was dry and the sauces were watery .
0	everything was overpriced ; drinks , entrees , and dessert .
1	the bbq sauce was lacking in consistency and flavor .
0	do n't take your cat here .
1	boiled meat covered in bbq sauce is not bbq .
0	none at all .
1	furthermore , i have ordered the shrimp with garlic sauce .
0	the lettuce tastes old and rubbery ... not in this case .
1	told them it has no spice and they brought hot sauce .
0	the bloody mary was pretty awesome for what i assume is a pre-made mix .
1	even the dipping sauce just tasted like soy sauce .
0	and a side salad at almost $ _num_ .
1	my spaghetti was watery and had barely enough sauce to coat the watery noodles .
0	i was rushed out and my polish was n't even hard yet .
1	the dough , sauce , cheese ... even the pepperoni was bland .
0	the chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot .
1	the teriyaki sauce was so watered down it turned my rice into soup .
0	also , my package was stolen twice .
1	mushy spaghetti drenched in the worst sauce i ever had .
0	i do n't understand why he is working there .
1	the chicken was n't very well seasoned and the sauce was overpowered by lemon .
0	i ate about _num_ bites and left the rest .
1	the salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner .
0	shame on me .
1	we ordered the szechuan shrimp and scallops and also the shrimp in garlic sauce .
0	i was ok with this and it sounded fair enough .
1	not the shrimp , the sauce with bread dipped in .
0	another waste of time , wait until people my age get old .
1	i did n't like the crust , or the sauce and it arrived lukewarm .
0	this will be our last trip here as there are now much better options .
1	it came with this layer of oil , and not enough `` sauce '' .
0	after my visit last night , i have no desire to ever go again .
1	bland red sauce , not crispy , and not served hot .
0	worst service in the area , by far .
1	the only thing with an aroma in this place was the tomato sauce .
0	the three pastas were very , very basic .
1	the sauce was too vinegary for my taste .
0	they actually screwed up a green salad .
1	it 's plain white rice with teriyaki sauce and some disgusting bits of chicken .
0	i could barely eat the salad .
1	the sauce served with them were good though .
0	cant wait until aaa calls me to renew my membership .
1	it was like an old sweet an sour sauce with a little spice .
0	the times i 've been here , its been an ok experience .
1	coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce i smothered on it .
0	_num_ .
1	i could barely pick the shrimp out because the sauce was that gross .
0	sorry , but our pizza was cold .
1	even with soy sauce added , they did nothing for me .
0	not my cut of tea .
1	no flavor , soggy french fries , over sauces wings .
0	the steak was rough and bad .
1	watery sauce , no heat .
0	i am definitely going elsewhere next time .
1	the fries dipped in the bbq sauce were the best part by far .
0	the side soup is luke warm , soup should always be hot .
1	the pasta itself was good , but the sauce ruined everything .
0	we will not be back .
1	not complicated to pour some sauce on the noodles !
0	that 's not our usual practice . ''
1	the only thing i liked was their ranch sauce .
0	however they ( waitresses ) were nice and apologetic .
1	my favorite sauce was the honey jalapeno .
0	my house made chips were good & cole slaw had very little flavor .
1	they only give a small cup of bbq sauce for your meal .
0	although there were some highlights , there were plenty of negatives to counter them .
1	i put some hot sauce on it strictly to add flavor .
0	as chance would have it , the owner gary was around .
1	fried rice included soy sauce and carrots only !
0	we ordered a large steak stromboli with extra cheese through grub hub .
1	the baja sauce lost its kick .
0	dirty , unclean , my friend and i went to lunch here .
1	the red sauce has sooo much flour in it you could taste it .
0	no less than _num_ minutes .
1	the salsa was n't salsa at all just hot sauce .
0	they get _num_ star because less was not an option .
1	bbq sauce was nothing special .
0	it tasted rotten and disgusting .
1	the veal was soggy and chewy and the sauce was sub par .
0	bad service !
1	the sauce was really disgusting .
0	she said there was no time to order another dress .
1	i ordered the flat iron steak , which came smothered in a spicy sauce .
0	some drinks were returned from the bar while some never reached the table .
1	i could make better alfredo using the sauce from a supermarket jar .
0	food was so bad that i threw it in the trash .
1	sauce container was empty with plastic forks at the bottom that had fallen in .
0	what a nightmare !
1	tasted like sauce and cheese on toast .
0	the only good thing was free parking out back .
1	sat down and he brought out egg noodles and duck sauce .
0	the fries are very salty .
1	soft , tasteless pitas with bland meat and sauce .
0	we started off with two appetizers : calamari and crab dip .
1	the refried beans was like sauce .
0	weekend : dont bother .
1	the sauce was to sweet and the cheese was not right to me .
0	when i received my order i immediately opened it to take a bite .
1	the only seasoning available are salt , pepper , hot sauce , & ketchup .
0	water glasses stayed empty for almost _num_ minutes !
1	the sauce they were drowning in seemed to have almost a chemical taste .
0	it is such a rip off .
1	my changs spare ribs were just northern style ribs with bbq sauce on them .
0	the dish was dry and lacked flavor .
1	no longer are available are the thai spring rolls with peanut sauce .
0	awful acoustics !
1	sauce is flat and lacks flavor .
0	i went out with three others on a friday night to grab some dinner .
1	becky ordered some meat with chile sauce which came first .
0	told _num_ minute wait for food .
1	had an order of _num_ chicken wings with the sauce on the side .
0	when i was little there was always enough donuts for everyone !
1	the sauce was weird and definitely not traditional hot wing sauce .
0	wondered into this place looking for some mixed drinks .
1	the batter had no taste , as well as the sauce .
0	dirty and old looking bakery .
1	and drowning it in their boring sauce does not help things .
0	finally - a halfway decent tv setup , pittsburgh !
1	probably all the same sauce anyway .
0	when we arrived there , however it was a different story .
1	the baked beans were way too sweet as is the bbq sauce .
0	not worth the trip .
1	not even the chili garlic sauce did much to it .
0	i visited recently and i will not be returning , ever !
1	the variety of sauces is what gets me to come back .
0	i would give our experience zero stars .
1	pasta trio had the worst sauce i have ever tasted .
0	the only thing that saved this store were the nice people that worked there .
1	she informed me that it was carrots , onions , chicken and sauce .
0	i also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell !
1	there was no mole sauce as described in the dish .
0	this is the worst lay out ever for a bar .
1	the pasta was cooked al dente and the sauce was n't too sweet .
0	not to mention the constant slow internet .
1	the menu promised spicy sauce ... again bland .
0	how hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms , seriously ?
1	even the server commented on the lack of a sauce .
0	if i was n't vegan , i 'd eat the dish .
1	no chop sticks or soy sauce unless you ask for it .
0	_num_ staff members yelled .
1	they were like nasty over-cooked spaghetti in a watery , flavorless sauce .
0	the salad i ordered was wrong , though .
1	my granddaughter had the cheese ravioli and the marinara sauce was inedible .
0	they did not acknowledge me .
1	it tasted very much like the brown sauce was burnt .
0	food was terrible .
1	rice is a little plain but i just add some soy sauce .
0	i hate complaining like this .
1	i got a flounder dinner there recently , asked for some extra tartar sauce .
0	takeout is gross .
1	also i had to get a new soy sauce bowl .
0	days passed and no call .
1	they were golden and smothered in some of the same weird sauce .
0	and the underwhelming food sealed the deal .
1	marinara sauce over spaghetti was far too sweet .
0	i would be hard pressed to ever return .
1	just same things fried in same sauce .
0	we also did n't get straws , or utensils for our food .
1	i made sure i asked for extra sauce ( just in case ) .
0	for a professional chef 's restaurant the `` pasta '' was mediocre .
1	the red sauce tasted like it was ketchup with sugar added .
0	nothing was awful , but nothing stood out in any way .
1	a good steak never requires steak sauce .
0	i felt terrible for her in that situation .
1	this is your standard , old-school red sauce italian restaurant .
0	safe to say , i was really upset and disappointed when i left .
1	they do not offer low sodium soy sauce .
0	the food was terrible .
1	it 's at minimum a heavy vinegar / buffalo sauce , thai chilis ?
0	but overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason !
1	i liked the bbq sauce but the chicken was super dry .
0	terrible customer service .
1	the red sauce is ... pretty bad .
0	but as i ate , i was even more disappointed .
1	each dish tasted like it had the same sauce as a base .
0	they are apparently saying i cant cancel a custom order .
1	i did n't get the extra buffalo sauce i asked for .
0	so - they 've lost a customer - a platinum customer .
1	a vanilla cream sauce does n't complement goat cheese , for example .
0	the seafood tasted old .
1	here 's the catch ... there was no sauce !
0	the greens and yams were ok .
1	no sauce much and cheap cheese .
0	no problem , we were seated right away .
1	fried rice : eggs , sesame seed , and soy sauce .
0	terrible .
1	the red sauce was also just plain and the side of pasta was overcooked .
0	all i have to say is no thanks .
1	i even ate a couple and the sauces were yummy .
0	but of course , our food came and mine was cold .
1	the red sauce , peppery but no substantial flavor .
0	i ate one slice , and gave the rest away .
1	going to just go to the store for refund of the sauce and bread .
0	i did n't feel welcome here .
1	soggy , and no sauce .
0	for the very first time the food was awful .
1	in its place was a watered down ketchup sauce .
0	the bathrooms were atrocious .
1	smoked salmon plus creamy sauce , yum .
0	do not believe he cares about his patients .
1	wing sauce was spilled all over bag .
0	the waitress was n't rude , but she just was n't there .
1	the owner explained that the sweet soy sauce was an extra $ _num_ .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	the very odd thing about the sauce was that it was too sweet .
0	not good .
1	no sauce on the side .
0	i ca n't even begin to tell you how they treated me !
1	the sauce tasted old and i could n't even stomach to eat it .
0	for dinner i ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes .
1	the tzatziki sauce was okay same with the greek salad .
0	it was quite mediocre for old school burgers and fries .
1	even the cocktail sauce was bad .
0	the waitress was nice but overall i would n't dine here again .
1	pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best .
0	did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates .
1	the sauce was weak .
0	poor customer service .
1	the sauce is horrible and the service is n't much better .
0	worst service of all time .
1	my mom had spaghetti with meat sauce and said it was just mediocre .
0	we sat outside and the service was very slow .
1	the portions are pretty small , and sauces are bland .
0	this seemed quite bizarre .
1	my ribs were tough and the sauce seemed watered down .
0	our _num_ year old was so bored that she wanted to leave .
1	the pizza was n't even pizza but crust with sauce on it .
0	_num_ .
1	watery sauce and minimal flavoring .
0	everything took a long time to come out and the service was very poor .
1	pork ribs were broken bones deep fried with disgusting sweet sauce .
0	the room doors are all spring loaded to they slam shut .
1	for dessert , we shared a peanut butter pie with chocolate sauce .
0	i called back at 10am instead .
1	everything was drowned in a red sauce that tasted canned .
0	it was n't fresh at all .
1	i liked the fried green bean appetizer with wasabi ranch sauce quite a bit .
0	the hype surrounding this place will probably lead to your great disappointment .
1	it had too much cheese and hardly any sauce and it was burnt .
0	not even close .
1	the garlic and wine sauce was really heavy and not appetizing .
0	for everything else , try the cat clinic .
1	the peanut sauce is more like gravy then sauce , thick and gritty .
0	why the hell was there a wait ?
1	the hot sauce bottles were empty and dirty .
0	we hopped this was a one off and not typical .
1	bbq sauce is nothing to write home about .
0	this place has the worst service i have ever seen .
1	i ordered the shrimp lo mein with lobster sauce .
0	i also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink .
1	the chicken was so dry and cheese sauce was hard and tasted disgusting .
0	instant high blood pressure for sale !
1	the sauce was watery and had almost no flavor .
0	she was appalling and rude .
1	cantonese is sweeter with a semi thick sauce .
0	the service was mediocre .
1	the chicken teriyaki was nothing more than some boiled chicken smothered in teriyaki sauce .
0	they have offered $ _num_ a shirt for the shirts they lost .
1	the flavorless meat drowned in sauce is not acceptable for any real barbecue lover .
0	no redeeming qualities here .
1	sauce should provide an accent to good bbq , not be the bbq .
0	not deserving of the rave reviews .
1	my sandwich was dripping with sauce and had everything on it !
0	i am not changing my review nor am i removing it .
1	my pasta dish was spaghetti with a white clam sauce .
0	service is lacking and food is mediocre .
1	they were also extremely greasy and had zero flavor of any kind of sauce .
0	ps the maintenance staff are fabulous and deserve _num_ stars !
1	the pasta was a little undercooked and the sauce was ok .
0	yes , that 's not long , but it 's definitely boring .
1	the teriyaki chicken was ok , sauce too sweet and too much of it .
0	however , i wo n't be back .
1	lobster cream sauce should never be flavorless !
0	shady and terribly run nail salon .
1	the fried outer portion was soft and soggy with their special sauce .
0	very disappointing meal .
1	the sauces are not good and they are constantly rushing you .
0	gross !
1	- the sauce was mediocre .
0	do n't bother with delivery here .
1	no marinara sauce .
0	it 's not a very good longhorn .
1	it was fried tofu in soy sauce with red pickled chinese chilli .
0	_num_ .
1	sauce was n't all that and sliced beef was tough .
0	wo n't be back .
1	hot sauce was more difficult , took two requests before it came .
0	here 's where it gets bad .
1	sea bass was steamed spinach coated in soy sauce .
0	should have listened to my gut on this one .
1	their pasta was very dry ( yes even with the sauce ) .
0	i did n't care .
1	the sauce was disappointing .
0	i would not bring a spider there .
1	the marinara sauce on everything we ordered was bland .
0	there were only two orders ahead of me , utterly ridiculous .
1	unfortunately what i got tasted like a canned sauce with minced onions .
0	she just kept trying to cover her ass instead of listening to my concerns .
1	mine needed a bit more sauce to make not as dry .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	sauce again the thin eastern style .
0	i 'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over _num_ years .
1	but the dipping sauce for the tots were on point .
0	now , maybe you do n't care .
1	bbq sauce was n't good at all .
0	however , they deserve one star because they do have one amazing thing there .
1	the rose sauce was n't as flavorful as i would expect .
0	i can not review the food .
1	i had spaghetti with meat sauce and my wife and son had chicken parmesan .
0	it 's why they have parking lots in the first place .
1	the spring rolls were good and the dipping sauce was ok , nothing special .
0	i did n't even eat all of it .
1	they charge for chips and sauce on top of the burrito .
0	a bit confusing layout , but tastefully done .
1	the chicken was drenched in sauce hiding the flavor .
0	they have the worst transportation service ever in pittsburgh .
1	if you like bbq sauce , then this may be your spot .
0	the seafood was a little undercooked and everything was dripping in butter .
1	the chicken was hard and the sauce was n't good .
0	my chicken sandwhich was also made with rubber chicken .
1	it was as if they just battered them up with canned sauce .
0	out of _num_ reviews , i 've written only _num_ _num_ star reviews .
1	the shrimp sauce was very thick and not that flavorful .
0	i 'm not a coffee snob i can do with it or without it .
1	the hot braised shrimp had dry little baby shrimps with virtually no sauce .
0	they 're big , but again nothing special .
1	and they gave us some disgusting mustard sauce to dip it in . )
0	i should have known better given that it only had one positive review .
1	its awful cardboard with some sauce and cheese on top .
0	the pork fried rice was actually pork burnt rice , nasty ( _num_ ) .
1	the sauces which used to be very special have become indifferent .
0	while it has a somewhat trendy looking menu , do n't be fooled .
1	the sauce tasted like sugar and the crust was bland .
0	tonight is the last time i use this giant eagle pharmacy .
1	raspberry sauce is sitting out on my counter as i continue eating cake .
0	there were _num_ customers ahead of me and _num_ ladies behind the counter .
1	and cheese sauce that you get for your nachos at the gas station .
0	that might make it a little better .
1	the sauce was mediocre and one wing ( boneless ) was actually just breading .
0	they also did away with the _num_ cent wing night .
1	i ordered the margarita , sauce , cheese and basil .
0	days old , cold , hard , inedible .
1	cardboard with a strange tangy sauce and a side of disaster .
0	it 's never too loud or aggressive .
1	it was over cooked & the sauce was more soy like than smooth .
0	did not taste like hibachi at all .
1	the cheap bun does n't support the sauce .
0	but you know how some dive bars have charm ?
1	the sauce was not a good flavor at all .
0	however , there were three hostesses at the bar chatting and seemingly doing nothing .
1	husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce .
0	i did like the home fries , very yummy !
1	the sausage was piled on top the meat sauce in ground pile .
0	lidia 's was a major disappointment for me .
1	all sauces were too sweet and most tasted the same .
0	avoid this place at all costs .
1	no flavor unless you add the sauce ( a lot ) !
0	fyi - prices are scheduled to go up jan _num_ _num_ .
1	there is very little sauce , fairly dry cheese , and a chewy crust .
0	worst tofu scramble ever .
1	i 'm eating very slowly because i want that hot sauce .
0	but now i 'm weary of the restaurant all together .
1	they have switched sauces , the usual peanut sauce was missing .
0	i wish i could leave a no star rating .
1	when i was given my dish , it was a alfredo sauce .
0	no in this restaurant are polite .
1	if i want a side of sauce , who the hell cares ?
0	i had chicken and broccoli with limp foul tasting broccoli .
1	first no spoon or soy sauce .
0	too bad .
1	frozen dough with chopped vegetables on it , little or no sauce .
0	terrible .
1	the pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though .
0	i see why this place is hurting for business .
1	i tasted very little chicken and the sauce was drenched in vinegar .
0	the tiramisu also was gross .
1	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
