0	i ordered a long john which looked pretty good .
1	the employees and jewelry itself saved this review from being a _num_ star .
0	there were _num_ of us .
1	do n't stay here , save your money .
0	if you 've got stuff to do , do n't bother coming here .
1	save your money and find somewhere else to dine .
0	slowest deli department in town .
1	please save your money and your taste buds !
0	no , the waiter was quick to tell me i ordered medium rare .
1	save your money , go elsewhere .
0	the total was $ _num_ and change .
1	bringing our own case could have saved us a few hundred dollars !
0	things have really slipped since then though .
1	save your time and let other dealer around valley make the money .
0	even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us .
1	save your money please do n't make my mistake .
0	the chicken lo mein and fried rice were okay .
1	i just could n't save the food .
0	i stopped in on a whim alone and sat at the counter .
1	i 'm sorry , a free frosty is not going to save my order .
0	the fries were generic .
1	otherwise , save your money and your time and just go somewhere else .
0	way overpriced and service was n't great .
1	salesman was pleasant but suggested purchasing outside vendor base to save money .
0	needless to say , will be my last time going there .
1	which would have been saved had the food been good .
0	horrible experience .
1	only saving grace was that the side of salsa was very spicy .
0	the frosty is never frosty always runny .
1	save your $ _num_ for food and $ _num_ for drinks .
0	if i could give the place zero stars , i would .
1	you 'll save money and have a better meal .
0	i do n't need to spend my money there .
1	just stay somewhere else & save yourself the frustration .
0	servers are chatting , not paying attention to tables .
1	this is true , i believe i saved around $ _num_ on the phone .
0	i hate that !
1	what saved them was the bbq sauce .
0	this place is out of my dry cleaning budget !
1	unless you are looking for drinks , save your money .
0	that was definitely not the case though .
1	save yourself the bill and make fondue at home .
0	my burger was as dry as a burnt piece of chicken .
1	no amount of butter and salt could save that corn .
0	it had shoe string onion rings and slaw on it .
1	please save yourself the headache and look else where .
0	times , and it still is not resolved .
1	overpriced save yourself the disappointment & money .
0	my server was horrific .
1	considering how far it is ... save your gas and shop more locally .
0	more pear shaped , waitress was no where to be found for _num_ minutes .
1	there saving grace is their hot sour soup .
0	this hotel is a complete ripoff !
1	service was friendly enough , but that 's not going to save this place .
0	if you want something delivered you have to wait about _num_ hours .
1	save yourself lots of money and frustration and avoid this location .
0	i just did n't want to create a scene in front of my guest .
1	so save your time and money and go elsewhere .
0	but got the invoice three days before i got the estimate .
1	please , save yourself money and time .
0	they drowned my salad in ranch dressing and cheese ... .
1	save yourself and do not bring your car to this pep boys service center !
0	oh my god ... .
1	the following morning i had emergency surgery to save my son .
0	this place is one of only a couple open in the burgh _num_ hours .
1	the only saving grace was the chicken enchilada soup ... that was downright heavenly .
0	staff training is badly needed .
1	the only saving grace was the banquet facilities and the restaurant staff .
0	bottom line , enterprise ca n't be trusted .
1	i hope this saves someone from a mess .
0	no flavor , soggy french fries , over sauces wings .
1	save your money and make spaghetti at home !
0	yes , that 's not long , but it 's definitely boring .
1	save your self the hassle , do n't use cobblestone .
0	what was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip .
1	i could have saved myself some money and time if i did do that .
0	the aisles feel more narrow than they should be for a store this size .
1	the salad was the only saving grace of the entire meal .
0	goodbye lowes ... hello home depot !
1	save yourself the time and money and avoid this place .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	even adding a sh*t ton of spicy mustard could n't help save it .
0	i went here to fix a bad hair cut at the last minute .
1	go elsewhere trying to save you from a nightmare at the dry cleaners !
0	oh , and its very very expensive !
1	save your money for another location or different restaurant .
0	no .
1	avoid the disappointment and save yourself some money .
0	it is absurd !
1	save yourself the frustration and hassle .
0	since the changes its just awful .
1	so i saved $ _num_ just by not going to door creek .
0	the customer almost feels like they are bothering the workers .
1	save your $ _num_ and get a pedicure instead .
0	walking into the hotel , it smelled stale .
1	save yourself the headache do business elsewhere .
0	probably give it another shot but not my first choice considering the prices .
1	and could have saved me from buying tires all together but did not .
0	overall , i just was n't very impressed with the food .
1	it saved me from cooking and doing dishes though .
0	we were willing to try again , so we went for dinner tonight .
1	please save your money and visit another store or company .
0	while the place itself looked clean , the stylist 's rolling cart was not .
1	he can not get the shape right to save his life .
0	when i got the food it was cold and i was so disappointed .
1	just save your money .
0	the problem is , they do n't show on the assigned day to clean .
1	it would 've saved me a lot of time .
0	could n't even call me to let me know .
1	save yourself the frustration !
0	and trying to get our check ?
1	just go to hometown buffet and save yourself lots of time and trouble .
0	no hello on entering .
1	find somewhere else to eat , save yourself the disappointment .
0	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
1	they ca n't get an order right to save their lives .
0	i really wanted to write a good review , but the experience was disappointing .
1	you be the judge ... or just save yourself a trip & your money .
0	very disappointing and frustrating .
1	i 'd rather pay more for perfect than save a little money for average .
0	pho broth takes like nine hours to make .
1	please save yourself the aggravation and find someone else .
0	what a disappointment - i wo n't be back .
1	despite the coupon savings it 's no deal for poor quality food .
0	i mean , empty .
1	save your nails and do not make a visit here .
0	the sticks were not actually pretzels .
1	i would save yourself a headache and go elsewhere .
0	i wish the food could match the quality of their beer .
1	or the fact that you 'll save sooooo much money by being a member .
0	i put up with the rude employees and dirty store because of this .
1	save you time money and appetite and find a different place to eat .
0	the place is a total dump .
1	save your money on the chili cheese fries .
0	- ambiance is nice , upscale , not too loud .
1	skip it and save yourself a possible trip to the dentist .
0	the chicken tacos were good .
1	my recommendation is to go elsewhere and save yourself the trouble !
0	they are incredibly slow and ridiculously over priced .
1	save yourself the time and frustration of going to this office !
0	i have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before .
1	save your money - there 's no value to be had in this restaurant .
0	fish market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity or new management .
1	but , after saving up and doing some research i was off ... .
0	so i might not be the target audience .
1	save your money and do n't bother to get food there .
0	not much for atmosphere .
1	rude and can not get an order right to save their life .
0	do n't waste your time here , especially if you have kids .
1	save your money , shop elsewhere .
0	are you freaking kidding me ?
1	please save yourself some money and do n't eat there .
0	pho is ok , not bad .
1	the saving grace for blue fin are the portions and price point .
0	one person working and could n't look at my car .
1	save yourself money and trouble , do n't use this company !
0	their market square location worse .
1	it 's so not worth the few bucks saved .
0	_num_ .
1	save yourself a lot of time , money and pain .
0	this place has none of them .
1	save your money because these places are not worth it .
0	there was also no pineapple chutney .
1	save yourself the trouble , shop elsewhere !
0	sorry , just not interested .
1	save yourself a headache and do n't work with this store .
0	the decor was old _num_ 's which could have charm but this did n't .
1	idiots cant cook a steak to save their lives .
0	the steak was so chopped that it kept falling out of the bun .
1	i 'm sorry but the secret sauce was not enough to save them !
0	no thanks .
1	supposedly to save money they replaced bathroom doors with curtains .
0	only after the third time returning did anyone apologize .
1	the only saving grace was the taco was only $ _num_ .
0	not worth your money .
1	save your money try some where else .
0	finally , _num_ mins later ... that 's one hour , folks .
1	save yourself , stay away from these people .
0	i get to the room and the electronic key does not work .
1	this place will save you money by not getting the work done here .
0	a year later , the ceiling in my bedroom began to leak .
1	just to save few bucks you guys lost a late night customer .
0	not fresh at all .
1	save your energy and take your money elsewhere .
0	i immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again mia .
1	save your money on alcohol though they ca n't makes drinks at all here .
0	for dinner , not that great .
1	the only thing that saved this store were the nice people that worked there .
0	so , i kept quiet against my better judgement .
1	this place is over priced anyway , save your money .
0	i recently posted a photo of my chicken ranch club .
1	i could have saved _num_ % off the price of my food .
0	but i left stressed and bleeding !
1	hit up the motel _num_ instead and save your money .
0	i wan na love bar louie , i do .
1	save your time & money and go elsewhere .
0	$ _num_ pedicure should have been way better than it was .
1	save yourself the money and frustration and go to starbucks .
0	we ordered _num_ family portions of _num_ different dishes .
1	no problem for saving you time .
0	waitress was nice but it 's obvious that this place is run poorly .
1	totally average experience , the only saving grace was the soup .
0	good cheap food .
1	hoping to save this terrible lunch trip we still ordered them .
0	but i 'm sure the mall 's rent killed them .
1	i could have saved myself $ _num_ and gone to super cuts .
0	the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate .
1	probably would have saved $ _num_ grand .
0	really bad italian food .
1	save yourself the trouble go somewhere else .
0	they sit on the tables and often just sit at your table .
1	soft and cheesy , the beans saved the day .
0	however , my father and i shared the porterhouse for two .
1	could n't find bath bubbles to save my life !
0	the outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste .
1	in my case it saved me $ _num_ .
0	i was presented with ... an empty plate .
1	it will save lots of money and hassle .
0	the salad 's ginger dressing was awful and watery .
1	i saved my discussion of kung pao chicken for last .
0	who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
1	i was hoping samosa will save the day but hell no : ( .
0	in short , i do not believe we will be dining here again .
1	save the time and trouble and go elsewhere .
0	horrible service .
1	i stood there thinking is this really worth me saving $ _num_ ?
0	man , was i wrong .
1	i then scheduled the appointment to save $ _num_ .
0	the service was friendly but the food was very poor .
1	saved myself $ _num_ .
0	it sure is n't the food .
1	i 'm only writing this to save someone else from wasting money .
0	the service was terrible .
1	save yourself the money and travel a little further for a better experience .
0	the waiter was horrible and barely checked on us .
1	save yourself the aggravation and take your business elsewhere .
0	steve and linda were so rude and unprofessional !
1	save yourself time and aggravation and use another store , not worth it .
0	most restaurants charge per bottle , not per person .
1	to sum up : go to any other pharmacy to save yourself headaches .
0	i 'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible .
1	save yourself pain and throw your money out the window .
0	crispy on the outside , creamy and cheesy on the inside .
1	however this did n't bother me especially since i just saved some dough .
0	this place went from awesome to worst after it changed owners .
1	i could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself .
0	but one is supposed to come here for steak .
1	my car was n't even there i saved them time and no discount .
0	the fried chicken was pretty bland .
1	there are no silverware to save you from the embarrassment of using your hands .
0	ron 's pizza palace is cheap .
1	so save the time and money and go elsewhere .
0	wait which i left to run some errands .
1	save your $ _num_ ... unless you like a cup of overpriced coleslaw .
0	my sleep and stay was ruined .
1	avoid this place and save your money !
0	we were so excited to try this after all the hype .
1	save yourself a lot of aggravation and disappointment and go somewhere else .
0	they apparently do n't care about your time or money .
1	save yourself the frustration and rent elsewhere !
0	very disappointed !
1	save yourself some time and frustration and go to the one in mesa .
0	sad to see it go .
1	on a busier night , we could n't get service to save our lives .
0	if you are in the aaa , you 'll know i 'm calling .
1	even saved me about $ _num_ .
0	our _num_ drink and lunch took over two hours to complete .
1	overall , i would save yourself and not live here .
0	just had the worst experience at a nail salon .
1	the only thing that saved the evening from disaster were our server and busser .
0	the food was gross , greasy and very bad .
1	save your money and frustration .
0	i got home and no extra sides .
1	stayed on a business trip seeking to save money on the nightly rate .
0	this store has such bad service .
1	save your money , go buy a fondue set and do it at home .
0	shrimp and scallop with garlic was bland as hell .
1	i will save my money for an establishment that treats me like a person .
0	no one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved .
1	we saved our money on the card since there will be no second visit .
0	it did n't taste fresh , almost frozen at one point and microwaved .
1	- with our plan , we 're supposed to save money .
0	i met my friend jean here , she is a once a week customer .
1	he was on point , and was the only saving grace .
0	the to-go process makes me want to bang my head against a wall tho .
1	hyatt trying to save money ?
0	i was mostly wrong .
1	save your time , money , and items for a better business !
0	i ca n't believe this place has n't been reviewed .
1	save your money and time , avoid this place .
0	what could have been a very positive experience was absolutely ruined by this man .
1	my bill was just about all of the $ _num_ i had desperately saved .
0	smoke bomb disappeared !
1	thank goodness for social media so i can save someone else a bad experience .
0	i bought pastries at this place several times before .
1	could have saved me time but just telling me that in the first place .
0	plus i did n't feel great !
1	i purchased the money saving plan , so it would n't be that expensive .
0	no bueno .
1	the only saving grace of this place is the wait staff .
0	this was one of the most disappointing food experiences i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	save yourself the worry and avoid like the plague .
0	i again had offended by my request .
1	save your money and stay away from this place !
0	it was off .
1	just save yourself lots of follow-up problems with billing and go to another place !
0	drinking scotch in pittsburgh has been fun so far .
1	save your money and go elsewhere .
0	secondly , the kitchen is one of the worst in the entire company .
1	save yourself the trouble and just flush your money down the toilet !
0	what an awful experience .
1	save yourself time , frustration and money .
0	plus the bread was poor quality .
1	save your hard earned money and avoid this steak 'n shake at all cost .
0	i even asked my husband to check in case i missed it .
1	save your money while enjoying the view , slide and dancing .
0	disgusting .
1	save yourself the headache and your money .
0	_num_ . )
1	the only saving grace of the meal were the fleming 's potatoes .
0	i did not have internet for about a month .
1	the only saving grace was tonight 's band ... .
0	having a _num_ hour drive wasted didnt make it any better as well .
1	save yourself , your money , and nails and do not go there !
0	how hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms , seriously ?
1	the evening was saved by the manager whose name i did not get .
0	find something ... anything else ... it is going to disappoint .
1	do yourself a favor ... save your time and money and stay away !
0	_num_ .
1	again , i should 've saved $ _num_ and done it at home .
0	food was ok , nothing much to speak of .
1	the first shuttle driver was the only saving grace here .
0	no wonder mine was stale .
1	spend a little bit more money and save yourself the trouble and disappointment .
0	i could n't even pick them up .
1	would not recommend this place save your money .
0	it was awful !
1	saving up that six hundred bucks to go elsewhere .
0	the person checking me out was not hospitable .
1	save your money , this place does n't deserve to be named ruth chris .
0	i should not be responsible for the bill .
1	i personally find its only real saving grace to be the outdoor deck .
0	did n't see a manager until after 10:30 pm .
1	save yourself the headache and frustration , go anywhere else but here .
0	i drink this beer regularly , and something was wrong with the beer .
1	not even the finest sushi chef in the valley could save you , benihana !
0	i 'm nothing if not organized .
1	they can not keep good teachers there to save their lives .
0	she took me into the room of dresses and said to look around .
1	save your money and time , do n't go here .
0	this shell station is horrible .
1	stay away and save your money .
0	by far , the worst hotel staff experience i have ever had .
1	the only saving grace on this boring tasteless plate was the refried beans .
0	i was a little salty with her , i 'll admit .
1	this trip i was simply trying to save money .
0	the service was not that professional !
1	the food an wine saved this from being a _num_ star in my book .
0	food is ok but horrible delivery service .
1	and also could n't find an employee to save my life .
0	i gave her the benefit of the doubt & i completely regret it .
1	saved $ _num_ .
0	i spend _num_ dollars on soggy food that lacked flavor .
1	you 'll save time , money and not be really irritated .
0	the hotel is starting to look warn and needs investment .
1	save yourself the headache and stress and do n't come here .
0	change management and has gone down hill .
1	ca n't wait till google comes to save us .
0	one star for the ridiculous overcharge .
1	save your books and sell at a garage sale , seriously !
0	negatives : the lighting , the decor and the smoking .
1	i could have saved some money and just ordered those .
0	do n't bother .
1	save your money , t bell is an upgrade compared to this joint .
0	therefore they installer never made it to my apartment .
1	we saved _num_ dollars after spending _num_ hours of our time there .
0	she just seemed ... off ... or high .
1	i could n't get a good meal to save my life that day .
0	-i split the giant beer battered fish sandwich .
1	so hopefully with review i can save you guys from future bad decisions .
0	i thought it was odd how many empty tables were in the bar area .
1	save your money and dine elsewhere .
0	once they have you they make it hard to escape .
1	in fact , our awesome server was this outing 's only saving grace .
0	owner on the phone and did n't even acknowledge the customer .
1	ca n't take a correct order to save their life .
0	although , i do really have zero complaints on the food .
1	save your time and money and try another location .
0	we were so hungry by that point , we just ate whatever we could .
1	i would have saved $ _num_ !
0	do n't waste your time !
1	the only saving grace is the low prices .
0	i 've complained numerous times but it never does any good .
1	i did n't finish it , and did n't save it for left overs .
0	which is sad , really .
1	so , save your money and eat breakfast elsewhere .
0	she just sat there and read a magazine .
1	you 'll save $ $ , time , and frustration !
0	really a _num_ star .
1	yuk ; save your money and go elsewhere !
