0	fries with burger were luke warm .
1	i was a little fooled by a review that mentioned `` outdoor '' seating .
0	no amount of butter and salt could save that corn .
1	quite uncomfortable , but the only seating available .
0	so one month _num_ tech support calls later i got this information .
1	my only complaint was the seating and chairs .
0	we are never going back .
1	fantastic seating , not a bad seat in the house .
0	the sandwiches , although unique , were not that good .
1	the actual stadium has great seating .
0	obviously , if you choose to patronize this establishment , pay cash .
1	there are _num_ `` hostesses '' but open seating ?
0	my experience at this friday 's was not what i was expecting .
1	but my biggest beef of all is the lack of reserved seating .
0	the odd food selections are maybe a cross between southern style and fake chinese .
1	_num_ thing i did like was additional booths and less crowded table seating .
0	i have n't been back .
1	also , their bar seating sucks .
0	wait _num_ hrs .
1	my favorite part of this spot is the outdoor seating .
0	i ca n't hold it against them though .
1	the atmosphere feels like warehouse seating .
0	we also did n't get straws , or utensils for our food .
1	it 's a great pace with an intimate feel and a good seating layout .
0	shrimp tacos were ok just on a basic bed of slaw for $ _num_ .
1	quality food , large portions , relatively fast seating , and great service .
0	despite the cost of the set we had to pay $ _num_ for delivery .
1	love the new decor & outdoor seating !
0	no lab coat , no name tag , no introduction , no nothing .
1	both indoor and outdoor seating , the food is pretty good .
0	they also lose things , more than once .
1	the restaurant is nicely appointed with comfortable seating .
0	the food just is n't that great .
1	lots of seating , big restaurant , great service .
0	and just leave this one alone .
1	great atmosphere and comfy outdoor patio seating .
0	when our food came though , everything was below average .
1	outdoor seating in the summer is nice .
0	at one point , they even asked me not to use the shower .
1	great colors , seating , and a private room for meetings .
0	horrible service .
1	cute little place with both outdoor ( with misters ) and indoor seating .
0	bored , bored , bored , bored , bored .
1	it was delicious- but my favorite thing is the neighborhood and the outdoor seating .
0	she reluctantly gave me the owners name .
1	con 's : outdated decor and seating , average food to sub par food .
0	over all this meal was a wash .
1	i got lucky today as there was open seating at the bar !
0	if i could give this restaurant a zero , i would .
1	the ambience is eclectic and comfortable , with spacious outdoor seating .
0	i would highly encourage others to go elsewhere .
1	but there are tablecloths and the seating is comfortable .
0	things have really slipped since then though .
1	a little house filled with delicious food , quaint seating and a cute patio .
0	would recommend not sitting outside or at the bar if you want food .
1	very limited seating .
0	but , something happened sadly .
1	first , the seating is not very comfortable .
0	this is not the first time i 've been hard up to find help .
1	it 's not the lack of seating .
0	so disappointed with this place !
1	if seating are is dirty what does the back look like .
0	i asked the waitress ... did n't this come with the mango salsa topping ?
1	they also changed their seating and the high top chairs are very uncomfortable .
0	so i have no gripe with the tailoring itself .
1	all outdoor seating so bring a jacket in the winter .
0	i 've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff .
1	the seating was standard conference room chairs no tables for drinks .
0	this place is awful .
1	quaint outdoor seating and the most incredible home cooked southern style dinning .
0	it almost looked like boiled ground beef .
1	horrible system with seating .
0	let 's face it , this is not japanese food .
1	this location is great due to the patio and indoor seating .
0	however , it all went down hill from there .
1	i got there late and there was no seating .
0	the food is basic and inexpensive , you get what you pay for .
1	the wait for seating was short but the wait for food was terrible .
0	is n't the rule `` customer is always right '' ?
1	there are about _num_ seating options , _num_ were used all the others empty .
0	and you just lost all of our business .
1	ambience is also outstanding with unique outdoor seating .
0	so frustrated .
1	there was no seating in the entrance .
0	only had a bite of that and threw it away .
1	the seating is horribly packed together and feels like a elementary school cafeteria .
0	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
1	seating is very limited but food and service are wonderful .
0	i mean , i understand you do n't care about _num_ dollars .
1	there 's patio seating in nice weather , and an intimate dining room otherwise .
0	i will never be back .
1	there was beautiful seating outside next to the herb garden .
0	the wine list did not include descriptions .
1	the music was so loud that the seating host could barely here my request .
0	just come and play the games , but skip the food .
1	lots of seating and great atmosphere .
0	_num_ more minutes for drinks , and to order .
1	the reason i keep finding myself here is that damned outdoor seating .
0	i 'm really torn by this review .
1	thanksgiving and christmas ruined by these jerks because i have no seating .
0	the folks on the phone are incredibly rude .
1	past those doors is the popular outdoor seating .
0	pizza hut , a pizza of last resort .
1	the seating rows were not marked at all .
0	but maybe that says more about me than it does bar charlotte .
1	some of the worst seating i have ever been in .
0	why anyone would willing go here to eat is beyond me .
1	good service and fairly prompt seating .
0	it tasted like it came out of a walmart freezer on clearance .
1	seating is far less plentiful than it should be .
0	this is a depressing coffee shop .
1	love this place , great service indoor/outdoor seating .
0	there was no noise control so sleep was impossible .
1	however , many times the seating is full of smokers which i find disgusting .
0	also , the portions are not as big .
1	has indoor and outdoor seating and is a very casual lunch spot .
0	looks and taste both scored a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	it 's clean , good location with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating .
0	they did n't remake anything .
1	there is a beautiful copper bar and quaint fireplace seating .
0	it 's a shame , what happened ?
1	since they have limited seating takeout is always a good option .
0	so highly disappointed with my pho experience .
1	there was salsa all over the seating , really the interior needs a facelift .
0	this is not one of them .
1	seating is first come , first served .
0	ugh .
1	the wait staff promptly addressed their seating needs and sat them .
0	the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
1	it has great outdoor seating .
0	i would never stay in this hotel again .
1	outdoor seating in the summer is very nice .
0	she and i were both a little nervous about getting poor service .
1	there was very little leg room , reminded me of airplane seating .
0	but she said no , we absolutely could not order ice cream separately .
1	customer service , more seating and more affordable sushi .
0	i had to walk around the whole restaurant to find my husband .
1	dusty non air conditioned dining area with super uncomfortable seating .
0	dirty tables , i agree with the other reviews here .
1	i also love their patio seating outside and the bar around the back .
0	rolls small lacking substance .
1	the wait staff is friendly and there is plenty of seating .
0	also most hotels offer no free parking , shadyside suites did .
1	i also love their outdoor seating , both the front and back sides .
0	domestic beers were $ _num_ .
1	nice , comfy and inviting atmosphere with great booths and large seating capacity .
0	worst chinese food i 've had in ages .
1	there is no comfortable seating to be found anywhere .
0	our service was awful as well .
1	mostly outdoor seating or you can eat inside at the bar .
0	not at this location , at least .
1	the seating sucks .
0	final verdict : most mediocre wings in town !
1	comfortable and plentiful seating .
0	they do not offer low sodium soy sauce .
1	nice big dance floor and a good amount of seating .
0	very pricey food , cash only , average food .
1	cute , dark , little place with outside seating .
0	i did n't even know what fine dining was until college .
1	the place is under construction so very limited seating .
0	it 's always dirty .
1	excellent concessions with adequate seating , natural light .
0	stay away unless you 're just buying tires !
1	excellent food and plenty of seating .
0	third , the food was lacking in proper seasoning and without any taste .
1	love the outdoor seating and the mini escape from the desert !
0	it was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries .
1	great outdoor seating .
0	people from work drag me here to lunch more often than i would like .
1	the general seating area has nothing in the way of privacy .
0	i feel like the food is not flavorful and are always missing something .
1	seating is ample , with booths available .
0	we have stayed in westin hotels all over the country .
1	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
0	i really like the pizza and marinated vegetables .
1	nice wine flights and outside seating .
0	was seated for _num_ min and no wait staff came to take our order .
1	the outside seating area was my favorite part of the whole dining experience .
0	not so much .
1	friendly people and good seating area to lounge in in the back .
0	all noodle , no filler .
1	great lunch and seating outside .
0	the sausage was made in-house and was very flavorful .
1	however , i was terribly disappointed with the seating .
0	long waits and lack of attentiveness .
1	the restaurant is unique looking and has mainly outdoor seating .
0	the sweet and sour chicken looked like drops of hard , fried batter .
1	i really liked the use of the space and the different seating areas .
0	i do n't really have a good review for this place .
1	surprisingly comfy and stylish seating and lighting for a primarily take out shop .
0	tip was $ _num_ .
1	it is small and seating is limited but that never really bothered me .
0	poor service , awful attitudes and sub-par food .
1	specifically , the outdoor seating can make brunch unbearable .
0	actually there was nothing basement like about it .
1	on a nice day , outside seating is quite enjoyable .
0	the air conditioning was non existent , which is a hangover nightmare .
1	the outside seating was n't much cleaner .
0	i will not return to this place again .
1	this was a return visit , so we knew about the limited seating .
0	not sure why people like it so much .
1	_num_ seating .
0	_num_ .
1	what i found most annoying was the uncomfortable seating .
0	self checkout is the only option and is a joke .
1	plenty of seating and it 's very clean .
0	really bad .
1	fast seating , good service .
0	if you are in the aaa , you 'll know i 'm calling .
1	outdoor seating and a fantastic wait staff .
0	i feel i paid $ _num_ for a $ _num_ meal .
1	call it poor seating , being unorganized ?
0	i made reservations for _num_ pm on a friday .
1	who makes gates where seating is limited to half the people on the plane .
0	the moo shu pork was forgettable .
1	there is usually ample seating , so getting a table never takes long .
0	junk worse than mcdonald .
1	i also do n't understand the hype , and the seating arrangement is ridiculous .
0	he did not understand and said , no coupon .
1	very spacious , awesome bar and outdoor seating available .
0	i can not review the food .
1	seating is not available at typical eating times and lines may be long .
0	in fact , i could n't finish it .
1	their seating inside is pretty comfortable as well .
0	the salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner .
1	i love the outside seating .
0	so i drove _num_ hours there on a weekend to renew .
1	about the only plus is the outdoor seating and large number of televisions .
0	visit another club , this one is n't it !
1	entire outside seating was available and a few booths inside were empty .
0	total for one waffle cone with sprinkles = $ _num_ .
1	very little seating in there .
0	this is place is no longer what it used to be .
1	reasonably priced , generous with seating , quick service and solid mexican fare .
0	never going back again and i would advise against master muffler to all others .
1	all the seating is outdoor with a walk up window to order .
0	actually , everything i ate was mushy .
1	they could not accommodate a seating for the baby in a high chair .
0	_num_ coke = $ _num_ .
1	seating is outside and so refreshing .
0	shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like .
1	outdoor seating is great and you have a good view of the square .
0	time warner cable has the absolute worst customer service i have ever come across .
1	seating was quick , order was taken quickly , salads were delivered quickly .
0	i was a bridesmaid very recently and the bride got her dress here .
1	it was _num_ degrees outside , so we opted for indoor seating .
0	the dress comes in _num_ months later and is the wrong color .
1	excellent service from the greeter at the entrance , seating , and service .
0	now i had a $ _num_ salad and $ _num_ pasta trio .
1	pleasant greeting at the door , comfortable seating for me and my guest .
0	without them i 'd have gone hungry that night .
1	also lots of cafe seating , good for getting some work done .
0	nothing special in flavor or presentation .
1	the bar has plenty of seating and the outdoor patio is nice and large .
0	pizza was fine but nothing special .
1	had we know this before seating and ordering coffee we would have left .
0	it 's really gone downhill lately .
1	the outdoor seating area is really nice , beer on tap is average .
0	they 're banking on this lack of competition .
1	we loved the great outdoor seating , and the staff was very helpful .
0	my husband 's pasta had even less flavor than mine .
1	overall it 's a great lunch place with a little bit of outdoor seating .
0	it does n't even have to be memorable ... just not offensive .
1	friendly staff , comfortable seating , very clean !
0	the food here is ok but not worth the price .
1	first , i called ahead to make sure i got priority seating .
0	i noticed the beer sampler and thought i would give it a try .
1	they also have outside seating which is nice .
0	the food was not good .
1	friendly staff , laid back patio seating , and the food is beyond amazing .
0	i think i 'll find a place that 's a little more ... me .
1	outdoor seating in nice weather is always a plus .
0	purchased two suits and other items for my son , spending over $ _num_ .
1	it has a huge outdoor patio area , plus balcony , plus indoor seating .
0	they did n't even reschedule my appointment with another stylist when she did .
1	i consider a `` new school '' theater to be one with stadium seating .
0	what a mistake .
1	i love the red velvet seating and the intimate small space .
0	no fuss .
1	the pool and fountains have nice , private seating and the staff is great .
0	they did not offer me a chance to pay for it .
1	at night you can sit by their nice large fire pit in comfy seating .
0	i asked for a full refund , i was not spending my money here .
1	artsy indoor setting , phenomenal outdoor seating in late march .
0	bland .
1	it 's open seating , and you pay at the counter .
0	do n't recommend buying a car of another make here .
1	the seating is comfortable and the atmosphere relaxing .
0	had no desire to eat throughout the day .
1	the place gets very loud and the seating is cramped .
0	over crowded , loud , and not a relaxing experience .
1	where is the stadium seating ?
0	owner is rude & does n't handle customers well .
1	there is some seating , but not much .
0	it all had no taste !
1	seating is very nice .
0	second i was with a party of _num_ that all ordered salads .
1	however , they do have outdoor seating .
0	horrible service .
1	the neighborhood is awesome with outdoor seating .
0	granted , i like to host social events .
1	they also messed up the seating arrangements for a large party .
0	they need to get some help in here or people will stop coming !
1	the place has ample seating and a nice bar to cozy up to .
0	then _num_ mins to get our food !
1	the seating is extremely close from one another and the rows are crowded .
0	the food is ok but it is really more or less chinese food .
1	small and quaint with patio seating .
0	i 'll spend my money elsewhere !
1	they told us _num_ minutes for seating , it took an hour .
0	i pay my $ _num_ and wait .
1	they were waiting for the show to start and know how limited seating is .
0	we just ignored this and ate the calamari , as is .
1	they offer outdoor seating , which is a plus .
0	there were also plenty of empty tables .
1	there is a lovely patio and plenty of indoor seating as well .
0	it rather looks like a deli counter .
1	the seating is horrible .
0	do not stay here .
1	anyways , they have comfortable seating and menus available while you wait .
0	_num_ . )
1	nothing changed as far as where the seating area is .
0	do n't be fooled !
1	this place is filthy and needs more seating .
0	bingo , could n't have said it better .
1	nice patio with ample seating .
0	so i did n't pay for the white .
1	it 's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows .
0	worse customer service ever .
1	on a nice night , outdoor seating is fun .
0	_num_ .
1	the seating is a little close , but i still loved it .
0	how can a seafood place serve terrible seafood ?
1	since the wait time is significant , i wish there were better seating options .
0	i would probably not come back .
1	i have 3rd row seating and nothing past the 2nd row was even touched .
0	skip it !
1	lovely outdoor seating .
0	the worst everything .
1	there is some inside seating , though more is available outside .
0	when we sat down , i was immediately hit by a gross smell .
1	the most uncomfortable seating i have ever seen .
0	very poor .
1	i do n't even care about the decor or seating etc .
0	-they did not install tires correctly .
1	the outside seating is present , but totally taken up by smokers .
0	there was absolutely no salt of them when they came out .
1	good seating and a nice mixed crowd .
0	i do n't enjoy doing it .
1	the new seating areas are inviting .
0	the empty cup is still in front of me though .
1	highly recommended - great food , reasonably priced , and outdoor seating wonderful !
0	we are talking a plain bottle with mystery ketchup .
1	also the outdoor seating by the fountain is pretty great .
0	but it was seriously bad .
1	seating was not a problem .
0	typical fast chinese food .
1	free wifi and ample seating , perfect for a study session or conversations .
0	my overall opinion is that the service was terrible and the food was overpriced .
1	in addition , there 's no assigned seating for the extra cost .
0	all in all , this place just needs a bit of organization .
1	pretty large venue with plenty of seating .
0	very disappointing experience .
1	how can a restaurant not have proper seating for its paying customers ?
0	my salad was missing _num_ items that were supposed to be on the salad .
1	beautiful outdoor seating .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	nice staff , great food and outdoor seating .
0	the manager was rude when giving me my order .
1	the restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table .
0	it was humongous but not that tasty , pretty dry .
1	great deli with tons of seating .
0	they were not fresh , or cleaned very well .
1	the seating in the waiting room was minimal .
0	worst service ever .
1	the space is pretty large , with indoor and outdoor seating .
0	so , i get online again , and guess what ?
1	the outdoor seating area is beautiful .
0	and a lot has changed for the worst unfortunately .
1	in conclusion , poor quality food , questionable sanitation , very very limited seating .
0	she was sick six ways to sunday .
1	there is good seating .
0	horrible is the word .
1	no matter the time of year , outdoor or indoor seating is great .
0	it 's ... just ... not that good .
1	small space but comfortable ; _num_ booths with seating in the middle .
0	the coffee was disappointing -- it came with plastic cups of half & half .
1	they have tvs and bar seating as well in here .
0	deserts were nothing less than stellar , and the service was awesome .
1	seating was very quick ; they are n't crowded at lunch .
0	bobby and i came here after dinner and sat up at the bar .
1	( kinda crappy 70s seating .
0	my lil heart fell .
1	the location is great , right in uptown with nice outdoor seating .
0	my braised short ribs were all bones !
1	great decor and try to get a table in their traditional japanese style seating .
0	i 've been here three times and it 's been inconsistent .
1	the seating outside is awesome on a cool day .
0	pity .
1	affordable and all seating is good seating - a rarity in theaters .
