0	service is slow and horrible .
1	my uncle was sent here after an extended stay at mayo hospital .
0	great location but low on amenities .
1	however , i followed the rules and let them send it into the factory .
0	too bad .
1	i would n't send my worst enemy to this body shop !
0	this stuff tasted like really cheap , bad , ranch dressing .
1	sent it back because i ca n't eat cheese .
0	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
1	i sent that back , and ordered the sea bass .
0	i left my intended purchases and walked out without buying .
1	i can not be refunded and the bill will be sent .
0	this also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future .
1	if you send them an email , they do n't check it .
0	i have no clue what they gave me .
1	what morons , for _num_ months they continued to send mail there .
0	it did n't taste bad by any means , but not restaurant quality .
1	it was inedible , we sent it back .
0	it was loud and crowded .
1	waiter pushed back when i sent the bad food away .
0	at this point , one star is being generous .
1	it was so gross ... we sent it back .
0	it was awful !
1	sent my tax information to them in early march .
0	this time it was runny bland mushy rice with extra mushy veggies .
1	when they came in march of _num_ , i sent my regular payment .
0	then it took another _num_ to order .
1	i waited another week and sent another text .
0	we ate about a quarter of the food & could n't even finish it .
1	he sent me to get a cat scan on my wrong body part .
0	terrible customer service .
1	they then sent us to hole _num_ when only the back _num_ was open .
0	here 's the bad points .
1	i was then transferred to housekeeping where i was constantly sent to a voicemail .
0	you have been warned .
1	unfortunately the order was sent to flower hut .
0	smoked salmon plus creamy sauce , yum .
1	i sent back the pot stickers and there was n't much of an improvement .
0	once seated , i practically had to beg for a wine list .
1	overpriced & tonight 's meal was inedible had to send back .
0	these people could not care less .
1	my boyfriend 's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back .
0	wow , not so much .
1	we have never sent food back , but tonight was the exception .
0	they are n't very friendly there at all either .
1	they sent out the same technician , mike , to fix it .
0	they were cold but did not taste fresh .
1	send it my way , i 'll get you payment .
0	we left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food .
1	should have sent them back but did n't .
0	it smelled awful inside .
1	three diners sent their plates back .
0	he put the tv in my truck turned around and walked away .
1	the wait person said ok after we are done she will send someone out .
0	the food is not incredible and the service is always mediocre at best .
1	but i would have sent it back if i were on my own .
0	my son 's macaroni and cheese was salty and cold .
1	i would n't recommend sending kids here .
0	i would highly encourage others to go elsewhere .
1	we also sent an order of chicken fingers back ... dryer than sand .
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	she ate hers i sent mine back .
0	all it would have take n was a new pizza and wings .
1	the office sent over my rx to my local cvs .
0	this one , however , leaves a lot to be desired .
1	i can not stress enough about not sending your loved ones to this facility .
0	every thing about this place is wrong .
1	our chicken wings came out cold so we sent them back .
0	the bread was even bad .
1	i called american ice machines , they send out a technician the same day .
0	for how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends .
1	my fish was overcooked and no apology made when i had it sent back .
0	i was just really turned off from that experience .
1	we sent it back and he ordered a different drink instead .
0	fried chicken , macaroni and cheese and collards .
1	and sent me on my way with my car safe and working .
0	not here .
1	they completely mess up , then send someone else back to fix the problem .
0	i could get food faster in a prison cell .
1	to put it short , they should have just sent her home .
0	tonight was my second attempt here .
1	i complained and they sent out a supervisor named mark .
0	she was not present for about _num_ minutes after we were sat .
1	the wife sent me down to the other salon where the husband was .
0	this place has none of them .
1	i made the mistake of sending mine back .
0	it would 've taken very little effort to fix it for us .
1	they messed up my entre and i had to send it back .
0	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
1	next thing i know , they send us a bill for $ _num_ !
0	i just ate half of a cockroach .
1	he did n't understand and sent the manager over .
0	very disappointing easter dinner .
1	i am planning on sending it back !
0	i 've been meaning to go back to the fish market for so long .
1	sent it out and was still getting charged .
0	i have eaten here before and never had any problems .
1	i sent my food back and did n't eat a thing .
0	there was too much rice , and presentation was sad .
1	not even when i 've sent my husband to take our daughter .
0	first thing i realized is that there 's no bathroom in the room .
1	they sent _num_ to a table of two .
0	our _num_ drink and lunch took over two hours to complete .
1	i could n't chew them so i sent them back .
0	their menu is way overpriced , with nothing really great on it .
1	i sent my patty melt back to be cooked this time .
0	the place has changed and not for the better .
1	i sent all the food back .
0	the soup tasted spoiled , the tomatoes in my salad were frozen and mushy .
1	last i checked , those practices could send someone to the hospital !
0	i will remember to never return while i 'm in pittsburgh .
1	do not waste your money , send your child to another school .
0	entire place smells like wet dog .
1	but i did n't send it back because i never send anything back .
0	that 's what i get for being lazy , probably .
1	was sent by one walmart to this walmart for the last of a product .
0	i had to walk around the whole restaurant to find my husband .
1	he sent it back _num_ times because they kept making it wrong .
0	this should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction .
1	send me my money back !
0	so , i am assuming they were delivered by a neighbor .
1	the burger came with cheese and i sent it back .
0	worst service i 've received in a while .
1	so i complained to corporate and got sent my free meals .
0	steak was over cooked and the plate was hot but not `` sizzling '' .
1	they sent the original glasses off to be filled .
0	this has only been my 2nd time at a red lobster ever .
1	two of our four steaks were grossly overcooked and had to be sent back .
0	disgusting .
1	i sent over the info on each job and asked for prices from them .
0	the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
1	i sent _num_ bags to rave in august _num_ .
0	cold cuts were good though pricey .
1	sent them back , they came back with no color and soggy .
0	it was boring and flavor free .
1	several tables around us made complaints and sent their food back .
0	neither of us were surprised .
1	i sent all the food back shortly into the meal because it was cold .
0	i get better shrimp pasta at macaroni grill !
1	rather than send it back i kept the salad .
0	i am brand new to the area and never ordered from this location before .
1	we ordered _num_ meals and had to send _num_ back .
0	life is too short for less than mediocre food .
1	the cook said that happens sometimes and sent out two cold pieces of rib .
0	the real reason for the single star was the cole slaw .
1	she contacted her insurance and had all the paperwork done and sent to cobblestone .
0	for everything else , try the cat clinic .
1	i called front desk and they sent housekeeping to my room .
0	to be fair there was n't anything particularly wrong with the food or service .
1	$ _num_ wasted and apparently they sent an upgrade !
0	probably wo n't be back .
1	for what it 's worth , i rarely send anything back .
0	but after what happened i will never be back .
1	was sent _num_ miles away .
0	when we finally got the pizza , it was not hot .
1	they cant even find time to send a quote despite calling several times .
0	terrible !
1	i kindly sent it back .
0	_num_ . )
1	nobody bothered to warn me of pricing before sending anything .
0	the wait staff did n't even acknowledge our party of _num_ .
1	i can send it to marriott if requested . )
0	ordered _num_ cuts to eat in and _num_ and a hoagie to go ... .
1	your comments have been sent to our general manager , christopher beers .
0	so really it was n't a terribly difficult job to be done .
1	they then were sending me to collections .
0	great location but the facilities are a little tired .
1	i wo n't be sending my princess here no longer .
0	there is much better mexican food and drink in the 'burgh .
1	i sent it back and showed the lady at the counter the mold .
0	i 'm upset and offended .
1	i ate it because i was hungry , but should have sent it back .
0	the menu lists them as including jalapeno , but there was no heat whatsoever .
1	the replacement tasted like a sirloin and was also sent back .
0	no need to be nasty .
1	dr. until they send you a bill _num_ months later .
0	i really like the pizza and marinated vegetables .
1	i sent it back - showed the gal my burned pastrami sandwich .
0	_num_ separate different roaches in a matter of _num_ minutes in the same restaurant .
1	sent her home w/ _num_ prescriptions .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	she sent the manager over who was also low personality and very snooty .
0	the waitress was very curt and disrespectful .
1	we sent it back only to get a burnt steak back .
0	mediocre and poorly made !
1	even they did n't want to send me back into their office !
0	the management at this restaurant is horrendous .
1	my co-worker and i should have sent the salads back .
0	this place offers really poor service .
1	i would n't send my worst enemy there .
0	would not recommend it .
1	i ate about two bites before sending it back .
0	rest rooms are dirty , and smell of urine .
1	i sent the following to the management at moto on july _num_ .
0	there are other better pizza places in the area .
1	i hardly ever send food back or complain but this was really bad .
0	no one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved .
1	staff sent fax for us at a rate of $ _num_ per page .
0	today , half the lettuce i had on my caesar salad was rotten .
1	almost no sauce so we sent it back .
0	im _num_ from ohio .
1	a family member recently was sent to this facility after a joint replacement .
0	the person that seated us was curt and unfriendly .
1	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
0	she did n't say a word to us .
1	`` drug them up and send them home '' should be the motto .
0	it is a cash only establishment and the staff was very rude .
1	i was sent to the new chandler location , though .
0	dark roasted , bitter , etc .
1	i would have sent it back had my waitress ever returned .
0	there are much better places to shop for thrift in pittsburgh !
1	if a manager had checked on us i would have sent my breakfast back .
0	_num_ of us plus drinks was $ _num_ .
1	the table next to us sent their entrees back as inedible .
0	there is nothing to eat within walking distance .
1	my sister sent hers back because it was cold .
0	the place was pretty dead and we were seated right away .
1	if i had kids , i would not send them here .
0	i only eat the hot and sour the night we ordered our take out .
1	okay so then she sent me over to the bar to the hot coffee .
0	about _num_ % more expensive .
1	i immediately sent an e-mail to cancel it .
0	the wonton soup i have to say though was very good .
1	i called the server back over and sent the dish back .
0	i did n't even know what fine dining was until college .
1	with two steaks sent back , i 'm not exactly getting the royal treatment .
0	the potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed .
1	so i sent an email .
0	it 's definitely gone downhill .
1	we got it and they hated it so they sent it back .
0	i gave her the benefit of the doubt & i completely regret it .
1	we sent it back and ordered fried ravioli .
0	its not like she got nothing out of it !
1	they sent me to the frame doctor .
0	the beer was decent , it 's just draft beer here .
1	last time i ordered contacts , the wrong prescription was sent home with me .
0	finally , _num_ mins later ... that 's one hour , folks .
1	their site seems to want to send to only one address per order online .
0	and , its not good .
1	i sent it back and asked for chicken enchiladas with green sauce .
0	worst wendy 's i have ever had .
1	i was just sent to the start of the _num_ menu again .
0	the store told them that they have problems with that manufacturer all the .
1	green beans and sweet potatoes were sent back by one because they were cold .
0	only had a bite of that and threw it away .
1	so glad i did n't send the kids on ahead to the pool .
0	lots of drink choices ... beers ... wines ... mixed drinks .
1	after i insisted , they sent someone to pick it up .
0	what a disappointment !
1	the manager said they would discount the order and send me a gift certificate .
0	ok , but they do not go out of their way to help !
1	send it back and get the other wine which is just ok .
0	overall , my experience eating here has been inconsistent .
1	i was sent to collections without even getting my last bill in the mail .
0	well sports rock failed on all accounts .
1	supposed to get _num_ wings and they only sent _num_ .
0	_num_ - a lot of the drinks did n't have prices on them .
1	she sent it back .
0	$ _num_ ?
1	i actually called them & sent my husband back to get our money back .
0	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
1	after trying one piece of each , we sent the sushi back .
0	it should n't be this way .
1	the chicken was immediately sent back to the kitchen .
0	the rating is not for the appetizer , like i said things happen .
1	i called them a month later , they cancelled it and sent another .
0	there is no lobby to hold people before a show .
1	one of our friends actually sent hers back .
0	came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service .
1	after a week or so and no response i sent another email .
0	too bad , jared 's .
1	sent the pulled pork back was cold when brought out .
0	the burgers are rather bland and burnt .
1	the groups were paired properly and sent out on time .
0	then , they are n't even that nice !
1	i asked an employee for help ; he sent me to the geek squad .
0	we normally delivery at work 2-3 or _num_ times a week .
1	the wait time was n't bad though to get sent back .
0	they are not concerned with quality of courtesy services ie shuttle and breakfast .
1	i sent an e-mail to management .
0	they are understaffed , incompetent , and slow .
1	need yr records sent to you or another dr ?
0	if you are dragged here by your friends , find new friends .
1	then he asks for my address so he can send me a gift certificate .
0	with all of the other options in the area , take your money elsewhere !
1	they had not sent the paperwork until one day earlier .
0	i bought pastries at this place several times before .
1	my home warranty company sent them out .
0	could n't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve .
1	we were not going to send them back to the microwave .
0	i was mostly wrong .
1	the table in front and beside me also sent back food for various reasons .
0	however , the sucker that i am for a deal , i got it .
1	the men that were sent out were rude as well .
0	horrible , go to long john silver 's .
1	my first visit here though , things started happening that sent red warning messages .
0	not much oyster taste , just the taste of the breading .
1	i sent an e-mail on the corporate web site and never received a reply .
0	actually , there are not `` two sizes '' of `` one scoop '' .
1	i sent an email to corporate , never heard back .
0	the salad was ... nothing short of horrific .
1	the only option they offered was to send it in for repair .
0	highly disappointed !
1	i sent it back and they took it off my bill .
0	never did get a refill on iced tea .
1	do not send your loved ones here .
0	the closet doors would keep falling off onto my little children .
1	i sent it back and another salad was given to me without dressing .
0	not crispy but chewy and not very salty .
1	because i sent that back would n't make me anything else .
0	and it smells like a coffee shop should smell - like coffee .
1	sent the mussels back .
0	but seriously , there are still restaurants that allow smoking ?
1	i should have sent back the meal and walked out .
0	gave it _num_ stars cause the wait staff was nice .
1	she sent gets back .
0	the shop is n't that great anyway .
1	( they never responded to an email i sent shortly after the incident . )
0	rude , unprofessional , and lazy .
1	had to send steak back twice before i just said to hell with it .
0	i did n't feel welcome here .
1	it was sent back .
0	fianc ordered bison burger and ended up getting a 2am with egg , etc .
1	i 've never sent back food , ever , but this was ridiculous .
0	although , i do really have zero complaints on the food .
1	the receptionist said that she would send it over right away .
0	did i mention the service was bad ?
1	i sent him away and told him we knew .
0	it reflects poorly on the entire hotel .
1	i sent text messages and i left messages .
0	my sister for a deal for _num_ and day in the _num_ season .
1	i sent their management a message , but have not yet heard back .
0	horrible experience .
1	we had to send the potatoes back because they were cold .
0	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
1	i denied the managers offer to send it back .
0	they were also extremely greasy and had zero flavor of any kind of sauce .
1	i gave him the shock and it was sent in to fox .
0	this is the strip district after all with many stores for crying out loud .
1	and i sent a lengthy email back about how disappointed i was .
0	horrible service and food .
1	the regional director even sent me an email .
0	the food is pretty bad for an italian restaurant .
1	to send a bike out like that is amateur .
0	this was an expensive skirt , completely ruined .
1	i sent it back and the wait staff rolled her eyes .
0	so disappointed .
1	i sent it back and walked out .
0	sometimes i ate there _num_ or _num_ times a month .
1	hello , we 're trying to send you a message idiot .
0	when was the last time you ate chinese food that was cold ?
1	i sent back the flatbread .
0	this is a very odd restaurant .
1	called pf changs where the first `` manager '' sent me to another manager .
0	the food by best is subpar and barely mediocre .
1	i went here on a friday around noon to send certified tax documents .
0	two basic rolls and miso soup for $ _num_ .
1	i was sent to a gentlemen in the corner of the store .
0	the dining room breakfast was served in was tacky and the coffee awful .
1	so i put my concerns in an email and sent that to him .
0	in addition , the presentation was poor .
1	our property management company sent them out .
0	after _num_ minutes he never returned .
1	came in to send out some flat rate boxes .
0	finally i flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager .
1	sent it back ; next batch just as bad and inedible .
0	we got this hotel room via hotwire at a great price .
1	they just pressed them into the fabric more and sent me on my way .
0	essentially three pieces of toast with various toppings .
1	she replied that she would call downstairs to send someone up .
0	the hostess that had little to nothing to say prior or during our seating ?
1	i immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again mia .
0	eventually i had enough and left , which they still probably did n't notice .
1	but this last time , i did send my main course back .
0	`` nah '' it was _num_ .
1	sent it back and told them i did n't want anything else .
0	breakfast is cheap , and definitely very poor quality .
1	sent one of my companions to get me some water .
0	i feel i paid $ _num_ for a $ _num_ meal .
1	we called about the issue and they sent someone over right away .
0	the front desk girls were not friendly or helpful as well .
1	she also did not hesitate when we sent the steaks back .
0	sad , very , very sad .
1	she reluctantly said she would send me a packet .
0	i asked about late hours but the latest appointment is at _num_ pm .
1	we sent it back and the server was pretty apologetic .
0	by now , my companions had finished eating .
1	i called again on july 2nd as they never sent anything .
0	it 's bad .
1	had to send back to kitchen _num_ times a very simple order .
0	walking into the hotel , it smelled stale .
1	i would have sent it back at a reasonable place .
0	i mean really loud .
1	she sent me a message this morning referring me to a baby proof company .
0	the hotel itself is ok .
1	i sent my mom in there because she needed her iphone looked at .
0	there are also not many place to eat around the hotel .
1	it was a big mistake to send my kid there .
0	this was my first time trying brown bag deli too .
1	unbelievable ... we got bumped and sent down the road to a courtyard marriott .
