0	not a spot of pink to be found .
1	rarely did the server return to our table to check on us .
0	one of the people working said that was probably because of `` renovations . ''
1	our server did n't bring us the check .
0	maybe my expectations were just too high , i do n't know .
1	server kim was awesome .
0	it has been nothing but bad service .
1	sat waiting _num_ minutes for a server to bring us menus .
0	not sure what all the hype is about .
1	i flagged down another server and told her we needed our server .
0	and , insult to injury , my bloody mary was watered down .
1	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
0	it appears this location has a serious management issue .
1	i could tell throughout our meal the server seemed a little rushed .
0	i was sooooo disappointed with this hotel .
1	the server kept forgetting to bring requested items , mixed everyone 's orders up .
0	but when it does , you bend over backwards to make it right .
1	we were seated immediately , however our server was not a good one .
0	this place is below par in just about every way .
1	the only thing that saved the evening from disaster were our server and busser .
0	for real , wasting money for wrong order !
1	our server barely spoke english and barely seemed to notice we were there .
0	i would not suggest this bar to anyone .
1	the _num_ rating is only because our server was awesome .
0	but as long as they got their money ; they could give a crap .
1	ghetto , the server kept calling me baby all night .
0	tip was $ _num_ .
1	could i have asked for our server ?
0	looks and taste both scored a _num_ out of _num_ .
1	but told our server we could not eat the burnt pizza .
0	before she ran off , we ordered our meals .
1	you could tell the servers did not like working there .
0	first , let me say i wish you could leave _num_ stars .
1	the server apologized and offered to get the correct sandwhich for me to go .
0	same goes for milk , cold cuts and breakfast meat products .
1	the server brought some cold , salty garlic rolls .
0	they just cost me money and lost my tires .
1	we were having breakfast and a server recognized my friend from past visits .
0	thanks but probably wo n't be back .
1	i know the servers have to do it , but i found it annoying .
0	the first time i went it was okay , but was very forgettable .
1	our server , was friendly .
0	i 've been going to this bar randomly over the last _num_ years .
1	the server went out of her way to make us feel uncomfortable .
0	too much cheese on their pizzas , and the customer service is incredibly poor .
1	to be fair , our assigned server was very nice .
0	friends warned me not to eat here .
1	server comes back and charges my friend $ _num_ and me $ _num_ .
0	i 'm not joking about the water .
1	servers are awesome , the food is a hole in a wall quality .
0	not worth it .
1	i told the server and he promptly brought out a different house salad .
0	i 'm shocked , never thought men 's dress clothes were so pricey .
1	the server never apologized .
0	you 'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it .
1	i 'm not the server ; i 'm the paying patron .
0	it was just all around bland .
1	my server lost me towards the end .
0	nothing changes even when they are n't busy .
1	he hated the food and hated the server .
0	also the driver forgot to bring my drinks .
1	our server was pretty young and confused about the whole serving profession .
0	food was dry and the sauces were watery .
1	i see the server standing right there with no response .
0	if given the chance again i would n't have another party here .
1	so , we again waited & never did see a server .
0	very disappointing experience .
1	no particular server assigned so therefore no one to check on us .
0	the food sucks .
1	server was the reason why i did n't do a one star .
0	the food , however , was disappointing .
1	not only that but the server was horrible .
0	just goes to show , it depends on what you order .
1	the same server never came by twice .
0	the presentation of the food was awful .
1	the only plus to the restaurant was the servers .
0	it looked like they had not worked on this field in many months .
1	i was introduced by first name only to the server .
0	so if you 're coming to drink ... not so bad .
1	the whole staff especially our server were so unhappy saturday .
0	i found little bugs crawling around the seeds and nuts in my little bags .
1	as soon as we told the server what we wanted the service went downhill .
0	this place does n't do it for me at all .
1	the worst customer service by server and manager .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
1	there were just two servers on for the place .
0	my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
1	do n't expect your server to be pleasant at all .
0	the pasta at applebee 's are definitely not worth the $ _num_ they charge .
1	there was only 1-2 dedicated servers , and they completely ignored us .
0	$ _num_ / salad ?
1	first off our server acted like she could care less .
0	then the waitress asked me if i knew the chicken itself was spicy .
1	server took almost _num_ minutes to come to table then blamed it on hostess .
0	i was very uncomfortable the whole time i was there .
1	terrible servers .
0	apparently the guy was the owner , but he was beyond rude .
1	this place is a ghost town with less than bright servers .
0	the management is horrible and never understanding .
1	the servers were not friendly .
0	the place was much less noisy and crowded at my second visit .
1	we sat for _num_ minutes before a server came to our table .
0	wo n't be back .
1	there were _num_ or _num_ servers standing around chatting with each other .
0	we shrugged it off and went to the bar .
1	servers here can be really rude .
0	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
1	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
0	nothing to recommend .
1	i do n't blame it on the servers but whoever manages the place .
0	if you want something delivered you have to wait about _num_ hours .
1	servers too busy chatting , hiding , you name it .
0	do not order steak or prime rib here .
1	not one said let me find who your server is .
0	lobster and potato cakes could have been better - too salty imo .
1	there was not enough people on the floor to help the server out .
0	i do n't remember her name which is usually not a good sign .
1	the server never brought it to me .
0	its crime and misleading to even give time warner _num_ star !
1	`` unfortunately we 're low on servers . ''
0	what a horrible experience !
1	we were in an area with a server , but the service was terrible .
0	i sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared .
1	the server had this terrible attitude toward us the whole time .
0	unfortunately the food was n't very good .
1	there were _num_ servers for our group .
0	made a one night stay $ _num_ .
1	my server was nice , but not friendly at all .
0	i asked them three times to please try and they refused all three times .
1	the server dropped off my food and never gave me utensils .
0	my other dining companion had the osso bucco which was dry and stringy .
1	get your hosts and servers on the same page !
0	they completely ignored us so we got up and left .
1	the server and chef were very efficient and personable .
0	thus , it makes me sad to write a negative review .
1	they are down to the owners wife as the server .
0	nice big restaurant , just lacking in overall experience .
1	the server came to me `` why did n't you wait _num_ more minutes ?
0	worst place ever .
1	not one said i will be your server i will be with you shortly .
0	also the pizza was bad .
1	i have never been treated so rudely by a server .
0	bad sauce with flavorless cheese .
1	my husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me .
0	the drive-thru is only slightly faster at 10-15 mins .
1	we sat for _num_ minutes before the server came to take our order .
0	she said there was no time to order another dress .
1	our server was curt and mostly ignored us .
0	since we were staying one night , this was a major disappointment .
1	and meats were not cooked to request and the servers forgot the eating utensils .
0	that 's about where the positives stop .
1	server was simply lousy .
0	not very good chinese food here .
1	the server left the menu 's on our table after we ordered .
0	it 's never cold , never .
1	our server himself told us that our ticket time was _num_ minutes !
0	on to the important part ... food was terrible .
1	several minutes later our server arrives with our salads , soups and drinks .
0	nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls .
1	it was busy , but i have been a server before .
0	it was super busy and only _num_ employees were making food .
1	our server , from beginning to end , was slow .
0	way too rich to finish .
1	slowest server i have ever had .
0	nothing to rave about .
1	i ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server .
0	also , i had ordered a fried pickle appetizer .
1	the managers do n't care the server do n't care .
0	horrible customer service !
1	servers were rude .
0	we counted _num_ parties , thats it ... in a otherwise bare restaurant .
1	last i checked i 'm pretty sure that was the servers job .
0	nope , it said $ _num_ for a master stylist women 's haircut .
1	server was really slow and did not seem to know the menu .
0	however , i had the absolute worst hotel experience at the pittsburgh westin .
1	walked out after _num_ more min and no sign of server or salads ... .
0	i was forced to locate another vet when i adopted a new kitten .
1	servers are chatting , not paying attention to tables .
0	they sit on the tables and often just sit at your table .
1	my server was horrific .
0	i would caution against this rental company .
1	we waited for the server yet again after asking for drink menus .
0	glad this is all over .
1	server was very slow and was n't attentive .
0	um , i 'm not asking you to help me sort things .
1	server said she needed my card and would have to talk to the manager .
0	although i love the store , this store has horrible customer service .
1	it took _num_ minutes for our server to even greet the group .
0	when she delivered their food there was not a single mention of the delay .
1	the server got my order wrong .
0	terrible .
1	food was fine , wo n't go back for fear of the server .
0	worst meal we 've ever had .
1	wrong , i thought the server 's head was about to pop off .
0	but of course , our food came and mine was cold .
1	hire more servers !
0	it was like an old sweet an sour sauce with a little spice .
1	the service sucked as my server struggled to refill my soda just once .
0	crappy 's is more like it ... sorry i could not resist !
1	the servers are rude and slow , and the food is awful .
0	bland food and poor service .
1	our server screwed up both our orders , would n't recommend to anyone .
0	really sad about this one .
1	our server was friendly , but not terribly attentive .
0	based on all the other reviews , probably safe to stick to pho .
1	i told my server that the pizza was n't good .
0	that 's is bad business !
1	our server was nice , but not attentive at all .
0	filthy , bad seats , more expensive than others .
1	the service : our server started off well but went downhill fast .
0	i could n't have been happier !
1	our server however was very poor .
0	very rude and once they get paid have no ethics .
1	wow are their servers just lazy or dumb ?
0	it was a saturday !
1	the table next to us was also pissed and yelling at the server .
0	so really it was n't a terribly difficult job to be done .
1	can not believe the male server is still there .
0	turns out , that wine was not included and was a $ _num_ bottle .
1	the place was not packed , and the servers were not busy at all .
0	extremely disappointing .
1	trying to flag down my server was difficult .
0	there is no lobby .
1	our server jeff was the worst waitstaff i 've encountered in many years .
0	my date ordered a hot sausage hoagie .
1	our waitress was one of the most surly servers i 've ever had anywhere .
0	do not go here -- find another dentist .
1	our server was not very friendly .
0	he could n't explain why he was asking the question either .
1	servers , bartenders , and managers displayed unprofessional behavior throughout .
0	i do n't understand how this place is even in business .
1	one time recently the server was really inattentive .
0	turns out they do n't have soup .
1	_num_ ) $ _num_ tip even though the owner is the server .
0	i called again on july 2nd as they never sent anything .
1	it 's not fair for the customers or for the servers .
0	the burgers are rather bland and burnt .
1	server was good but the kitchen sucked .
0	i thanked the jerk for his time and drove off .
1	we seen all sorts of servers walk by our table , ignoring us .
0	it 's not .
1	we had to flag down another server to get our toast .
0	but the rest of the place , not so much .
1	the server is clueless .
0	no sign of italian meat to be found .
1	the server was courteous which is always a must for me .
0	visited on a friday night and it was pretty crowded .
1	however , our server was a really nice guy .
0	it does n't feel fair .
1	our server was prompt and our drinks came quickly .
0	we only wish we would have ordered food and then left .
1	ignorant servers .
0	i left them as i was not in a rush .
1	the server must have been embarrassed i would have been .
0	the coffee was expensive and tasted like dirt .
1	the server was nice but it was a disappointing meal .
0	it would have been nice to know whom .
1	they hired servers once and they have all been working there since .
0	everything took a long time to come out and the service was very poor .
1	our server , michael was awesome .
0	_num_ hour and _num_ mins is ridiculously long to wait !
1	our server was obviously having a bad night .
0	this proved to have been a massive error in judgement on all our parts .
1	i think our server was just too busy with three other relatively big tables .
0	what horrible service this place gives !
1	i told the server that the meat was dry , overcooked and old tasting .
0	i do n't know if i can ever return to buca .
1	he was n't rude , i think just not up on server etiquette .
0	it 's unacceptable .
1	i 've had nothing but bad servers with no concern for my experience .
0	all the regular stores , plus some of the more trashy ones .
1	the server takes my plate , and says they would make it right .
0	it tasted like it came out of a walmart freezer on clearance .
1	the waitress was a good server so this is solely on tonight 's food .
0	no wonder they need coupons for customers .
1	service was weird , and i 'm pretty sure our server was on coke .
0	the prices here can be ridiculous .
1	at least with this experience , did not have the best server .
0	i was horrible .
1	they may also want to schedule a couple more servers on a saturday night .
0	it was n't worth even trying to eat for absolutely zero taste .
1	the server even tried pushing a diners club program on us !
0	we like longhorn , but not this location .
1	our server seemed like he was trying to drag out our order .
0	the coffee was disappointing -- it came with plastic cups of half & half .
1	it turned out she was the only server for the whole lounge !
0	it just is n't up my alley though .
1	the server did all that she could but damn !
0	the pizza , even when plain , is very greasy .
1	we stood up and our server was nowhere to be seen .
0	waste of time and money overall .
1	service is spotty and knowledge of wine / training of servers has dropped significantly .
0	then we had _num_ different kind of pho for our main entree .
1	the person i was with , asked the server for gravy .
0	the sauce was not a good flavor at all .
1	really , where were all the servers ?
0	yuk , i said that 's disgusting people have to eat that .
1	i asked our server why they had n't mentioned this when we came in .
0	this is by far the worst thai restaurant i 've ever been to .
1	servers had awesome personalities and were very hospitable .
0	the bf and i got lost around pittsburgh for _num_ min .
1	rude server obviously upset that we were not spending tons of money .
0	mmm not too happy with my recent experience at harris grill .
1	our server seemed impatient and annoyed with us .
0	unfortunately , that was the high point of this service .
1	the server was also very clueless .
0	this beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold .
1	it took our server _num_ minutes to come and get our drink order .
0	it was not spicy .
1	cons : confused servers , bad burger buns , smokers on the patio .
0	hot sauce was more difficult , took two requests before it came .
1	our server was not at all attentive to our needs .
0	neither of us were impressed .
1	it was n't busy at all , but our server was not very attentive .
0	i was n't particularly hungry and ordered the mexican street tacos .
1	the server was a bit pushy and had an attitude .
0	i feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole .
1	servers gave us a pissed off look when we did .
0	the lox bagels are not even made open face .
1	once again , i end up with a terrible server .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
1	the servers were nice but the atmosphere was too load .
0	the service here sucks .
1	server was indifferent .
0	overall , i would n't go back .
1	taken _num_ tries to get order right and the server could care less .
0	_num_ minutes later we had still not been acknowledged .
1	servers clearly do not know what they even have here .
0	_num_ .
1	the server seemed annoyed and did n't assist me with any other options .
0	good groupon deal but terrible food - will not be back .
1	i did n't leave a tip and i am a former server !
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	_num_ ) the server was as good as you could ever ask for .
0	they all look like they hate their job .
1	in addition , one server working there was really rude and had bad attitude .
0	this is an average chinese buffet .
1	our server was attentive , almost to a fault .
0	potato pancakes taste like they had vinegar in them .
1	before we could ask for waters our server ran away .
0	she served the beer in a mason jar .
1	our server was nice but rushed .
0	no thank you .
1	server was prompt getting to the table , took our order and then disappeared .
0	i could n't believe they tried to pass that off as a steak .
1	rude , unfriendly , just a miserable male server .
0	just bad .
1	the server barely came around or not at all to check on us .
0	the blond hostess refused .
1	our server was attentive , i ca n't fault him .
0	either way , no need for rudeness .
1	firstly , i knew there was something wrong with the server when we arrived .
0	somehow this restaurant gets packed and i never understand why .
1	had to track down another server twice for drink refills and our check .
0	neither i nor my husband understood the hype about this place .
1	last time we were there the server was horrendous as well .
0	we will not be back .
1	we tried asking the servers to bring us some dancers , and nothing .
0	first of all , and the most important thing , they are not honest .
1	we had _num_ in the party and the server was sharon .
0	i had a pretty negative experience for my first trip to sushi kim .
1	the server is so rude and the meat is covered in grease !
0	the chicken was also extremely dry .
1	worst of all , our server gave us the worst service .
0	Negative
1	friendly server , but i wo n't be back .
0	their food was mediocre at best .
1	at this point we still had not seen our server .
0	horrible !
1	our server was lots of fun and very professional , but a little slow .
0	the food is bland , bland bland .
1	however while waiting two hours , we repeatedly asked our server about our dinner .
0	i have driven _num_ miles in the car since beginning of september .
1	the server was over the top obnoxious .
0	i did n't hear back .
1	very slow `` servers '' .
0	poor service .
1	the server neither explained the menu nor gave me any suggestion directly .
0	walking through this mall just creepy though .
1	we were seated quickly for a friday night and the server was fine .
0	the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
1	it took _num_ minutes to get our server to take our dinner order .
0	i dunno .
1	after the bite , i notified the server that there was cilantro .
0	waiting _num_ minutes for a cold club and cup of soup is totally unacceptable .
1	our server just walked out .
0	and , in looking at other reviews , i am not the first .
1	the server was nice , that is not the issue .
0	basically , this was the worst roll i could imagine .
1	the server never should have brought that plate to the table .
0	i you want chinese go to how lee , or china palace .
1	i missed the fine print , but the server did n't .
0	he got our salsa order wrong so needless to say , we left .
1	we ate two each , then told the server we did n't want them .
0	i rest my case : avoid ten toes on walnut ladies !
1	our server was mediocre .
0	_num_ stars .
1	the server probably could have been a bit more professional .
0	i had the singapore rice noodles .
1	right off the bat , our server was rude and disinterested .
