0	i am not a fan of this place .
1	she does n't even look at me , let alone speak to me .
0	do they not make fresh brew coffee .
1	employees speak little or no english and have poor customer service skills .
0	the crab cakes were cold and overly salty .
1	the gm greeted me , but looked and spoke only to my mom .
0	the egg roll was soggy and cold .
1	she still did n't speak english .
0	the dining room was about half full .
1	the woman doing my nails did n't speak any english at all .
0	god took too long to come out and half our order was forgotten .
1	when i called to speak to a manager i was hung up on .
0	horrible service .
1	she offered no apologies and did n't even go speak with them .
0	i 'm sorry but what is the big deal ?
1	during this time he never spoke to me .
0	maybe i 'm spoiled with good vietnamese food but this was terrible .
1	i spoke with brian at the desk who was very polite and professional .
0	very very bland .
1	i asked for a supervisor and spoke to manuel .
0	but its definitely not worth the money .
1	the servers hardly spoke english and where very rude .
0	i drink this beer regularly , and something was wrong with the beer .
1	tonight was the final straw so to speak , we will not return .
0	they get maximum money for average seafood ( or anything else ) .
1	the girl i spoke to on the phone , offered to tow our truck .
0	terrible customer service !
1	and i have not spoken yet to anyone who can help !
0	no one came or even looked at us .
1	i say that 's rude and i will speak with her in private !
0	i can send it to marriott if requested . )
1	the husband has spoken ... no .
0	easily takes _num_ min to get a drink .
1	and he would n't let us speak to his co manager .
0	never will be coming back here again .
1	lastly , they need to get some servers who speak english .
0	these women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs .
1	i spoke to the supervisor and she could not care less .
0	i also did not like that we were seated at a high top table .
1	i was really uncomfortable with the way she spoke down to her coworker .
0	never again mad mex south hills !
1	he never spoke to me about work !
0	i 'm always always always made to feel like i 'm stupid ( seriously ?
1	not a word was spoken about my stay .
0	ok , i 'm in !
1	when i asked to speak with manager , she was not taking calls .
0	just awful .
1	when speaking to the staff , they do n't seem to care .
0	there was no attendant at the booth when we left .
1	they proceeded to tell me that she would speak to me at my appointment .
0	it was horrible .
1	customer service had trouble speaking english , which explains the problems .
0	while they are remodeling this is no longer a business class hotel .
1	when i spoke with them regarding this issue they were very rude and aggressive .
0	the concept is just so olive garden .
1	now i am speaking of breakfast , i have n't had lunch there yet .
0	the shrimp does n't have any flavor and just tastes like grease .
1	he barely let me talk and continuously spoke over me .
0	could n't you have just lied to me and told me you were out ?
1	the bathroom was also dirty , which never speaks well for the kitchen .
0	this dish was smothered in sauce and had no flavor .
1	my first experience here was not bad ( personally speaking ) .
0	i had a bite of a chocolate torte , and was very impressed .
1	the manager was n't in , i will be speaking to her today .
0	they were just sitting down doing nothing .
1	she spoke in a condescending rude tone .
0	i ordered steamed broccoli and he ordered mashed potatoes .
1	they had no furniture and could n't speak english .
0	sure she knew that rude .
1	lady that cut my hair barely spoke english .
0	furnishings and bedding from the _num_ 's ... if not _num_ 's !
1	if i did n't speak up they would have sat before we did .
0	no quick and easy app or beers on the house .
1	i would n't really say friendly because they barely spoke with us .
0	i 've only eaten here once before .
1	i contacted them after i walked out the store after speaking to a rep .
0	try panera bread across the street .
1	they advised me to take the tacos back and speak to a manager .
0	she talked to the computer screen instead of to my face .
1	no seasonings to speak of .
0	they do not offer low sodium soy sauce .
1	at exactly one hour , i called the store and spoke to jose .
0	_num_ .
1	i 'm not hispanic but cashier tried to speak spanish at the window .
0	a turn off .
1	i was never allowed to speak to an office manager .
0	nothing stood out , including the famous burnt almond torte .
1	seemed ok and i spoke to clark .
0	water glasses stayed empty for almost _num_ minutes !
1	the lady was so rude and refused to let me speak to someone else .
0	this is a bad neighborhood .
1	hell , we were n't even spoken to after we sat .
0	i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables .
1	i spoke to the manager and he gave me a rest .
0	nothing special .
1	when we spoke thanksgiving morning , he sounded to be in bad shape .
0	oh how the mighty have fallen .
1	no sauce to speak of and overly cheesy .
0	mind you , our food still has n't came yet .
1	no salsa bar to speak of .
0	i 've had better meals at the complimentary continental buffet at the holiday inn .
1	alright valle luna i feel like it is finally time to speak out .
0	today , half the lettuce i had on my caesar salad was rotten .
1	_num_ ) staff ca n't speak english !
0	please ... .
1	very rude and almost seemed as if he did n't speak english .
0	this restaurant is going downhill .
1	i went there with valley king and we spoke with jasmine .
0	she then told me it only comes with cheese .
1	the cashier barely speaks english .
0	it was generous for the `` _num_ scoop '' order .
1	the surgeon spoke to me over the phone , telling me my options .
0	she just sat there and read a magazine .
1	the person i spoke with had no idea what was going on .
0	this place is extremely overrated .
1	he was the worst person i could have spoken to at this point .
0	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
1	the customer service manager pam is the worst woman i 've ever spoken too .
0	i can not eat this .
1	i spoke with christine , a manager of member services .
0	my sides , german potato salad and braised red cabbage , were equally awful .
1	they hardly speak english , and i felt an icy discomfort upon entering .
0	i also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink .
1	lady at the front was the same i spoke to on the phone .
0	wrong .
1	she cut me off every time i started to speak .
0	it 's poor form .
1	employee does n't speak english that well ... .
0	so they lost another star for over priced for the value i received .
1	no manager or anyone in charge came over to speak to us and/or apologize .
0	the host was horrendous and extremely rude .
1	i was beginning to think she did n't speak english .
0	i am not exaggerating in the least .
1	left a message to speak with the manager , sarah , no return call .
0	managed very poorly .
1	i can not believe they allow him to even speak to patients !
0	they are extremely slow .
1	you will be glad you spoke up before you eat the wrong thing .
0	my second room : same line , 3rd floor , also accessible .
1	ca n't speak about the food- could n't get that far !
0	want to sit in the bar area ?
1	employees at these stores are horrible , generally speaking .
0	was just rude .
1	being so sick of arguing and speaking with this company i just agreed .
0	are we really hungry or really impatient ?
1	no prob for me , since i speak spanish .
0	my soul purpose to coming here was to get my license picture taken .
1	i know _num_ person there spoke a touch of english .
0	_num_ beer per hour maximum .
1	she never spoke to me or made any eye contact .
0	then , in june , my maid of honor calls me .
1	our server barely spoke english and barely seemed to notice we were there .
0	however once opened not so much .
1	also , i was not greeted or spoken to at all .
0	i made a very simple order online -- very difficult to screw up .
1	first its mid _num_ 's in the place and no one spoke to me .
0	the salon itself also disappointed me .
1	she barely spoke english .
0	parking is difficult to come by , and you have to pay .
1	when we checked out i spoke to manager & showed her my bites .
0	used to be so much better .
1	i 'm waiting in the lobby for our pizza as we speak .
0	first , let me say i wish you could leave _num_ stars .
1	went back to sonic and spoke to management and he was clueless .
0	the dining room is also a bit cramped .
1	the lady i spoke to was rude and unprofessional .
0	it really feels like a total lack of effort , honesty and professionalism .
1	this is a five star mcdonalds so to speak .
0	i get to the room and the electronic key does not work .
1	i could have spoken to him in _num_ minutes and gotten out of there .
0	but i could n't eat it .
1	i told them i spoke with someone the day before and told me different .
0	we sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable .
1	the installers were nice enough but barely spoke english .
0	but i 'm sure the mall 's rent killed them .
1	the fried rice was okay , nothing to speak of .
0	would rather go to dunkin donuts next time !
1	that is not a way to speak with a new customer !
0	at tram 's , the pho bowl is small .
1	i did not require financing and i was n't finished speaking about my wants .
0	i am brand new to the area and never ordered from this location before .
1	they hardly speak english .
0	and the bathrooms were nasty .
1	the staff member i spoke with told me no problem and to come down .
0	worst climbing gym i have ever been to .
1	( you can not speak to a living breathing human being ) .
0	are you gon na eat that ?
1	our waiter speak no english whatsoever .
0	mushy spaghetti drenched in the worst sauce i ever had .
1	the apartments themselves are not much to speak of .
0	this was one of the worst dinners out i 've had in recent memory .
1	he did n't speak english to explain in detail .
0	update - went back another time and the pizza was mediocre at best .
1	i waited for _num_ minutes before anyone came and spoke to me .
0	_num_ .
1	the property managers are never available to speak with .
0	the only redeeming quality is the young girl who works here .
1	i request to speak with the owner , and he refuses .
0	not sure why it would be featured on the show .
1	service was bad , the manager could n't speak english .
0	it was hardly halfway full .
1	and she spoke to my mom and i like like we 're stupid .
0	i 'm sorry , this place is simply not good .
1	the food came , but the service spoke for itself already .
0	no bueno and no thank you !
1	the decor is definitely nothing to speak of , but it was clean .
0	even the bread was stale .
1	i asked the service manager to speak with the owner and was refused .
0	i do n't care for this giant eagle , and that is being kind .
1	asked to speak to the manager and he was extremely hostile .
0	which the bench under the tv is an absolutely terrible idea !
1	off to the store i went and spoke to manny , the store manager .
0	the pasta i got was good , but nothing to write home about .
1	how i was spoken to was not okay .
0	i wo n't be getting one again .
1	the cook barely spoke to us .
0	there 's not much left to say .
1	sorry i do n't speak bad bartender ryan .
0	employees are unhelpful and rude .
1	not one word in acknowledgement was spoken to us in the first _num_ minutes .
0	hands down , this was the worst we 've ever had .
1	no problem , i 'll just speak to your manager .
0	i called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be _num_ mins .
1	majority of the staff can not speak english at all .
0	first of all , the pie had almost no real flavor .
1	the person i spoke to left a message for someone to call me back .
0	store is too small and always crowded .
1	they never answer their phone and they hardly speak english .
0	however , when we got there the buffet was well picked over .
1	he barely spoke and did n't put on any kind of show at all !
0	not best cake in america by a long shot .
1	he never spoke to a single black customer .
0	oh my god ... .
1	i can not speak for others .
0	i ordered the pasta trio , and my husband ordered the risotto .
1	when my husband spoke to the manager , he could care less about it .
0	however , seconds never came .
1	no '' i have never seen a restaurant owner speak to someone like this .
0	for our dinner , we were given a salad , entree , & tiramisu .
1	the waiter spoke to my wife as if she 's his long lost buddy .
0	refused to replace them or compensate me for the loss .
1	and then i would 've spoke to your manager .
0	do n't take it out on the person they are incorrectly calling .
1	he never spoke another work or even acknowledged i spoke to him .
0	it was not crowded and we were seated and served promptly .
1	i have never been spoken to so rudely to as a customer .
0	this place is disgusting .
1	the person on the phone can barely speak or understand what you are saying .
0	the sad part about this is they really try .
1	i called and spoke with daniel about getting my money back .
0	i will not be returning .
1	one of the servers barely spoke any english .
0	they are wasting so much money on cheese its sad .
1	it was difficult to speak to one another over the many other loud conversations .
0	with ron 's , you are better off considering fast food .
1	i called the salon and spoke to the manager on monday .
0	absolutely nothing arrived in a timely manner .
1	so i scheduled the appointment and asked to speak to the manager .
0	i wish there were negative stars i could put for this place .
1	food was ok , nothing much to speak of .
0	only complaint was that the cheeses were served too cold to fully appreciate them .
1	the employees spoke very little english and that was a huge barrier .
0	nothing special about this place .
1	to make things worse , they speak in vietnamese about salon clients .
0	food was awful .
1	security was extremely lazy in getting management when i wanted to speak to him .
0	this really is n't somewhere i want to be .
1	especially when you speak spanish and think they wo n't understand you .
0	very sad that there are people out there taking advantage of per owners .
1	left to go inside so i could speak to someone that spoke english .
0	which is sad , really .
1	never did speak to him after i had _num_ staff try to get him .
0	do n't bother .
1	unless you speak spanish do n't bother .
0	no dipping oil with herbs and spices .
1	it is a complete joke and you will never speak to a person .
0	would n't recommend going out of your way for a slice .
1	you do not get to speak to a manager .
0	this was the worst customer service i have encountered in awhile .
1	i spoke to the manager and he acted like it was no big deal .
0	either case , i 'm not thrilled .
1	i do n't understand why some people speak so highly of this place !
0	there is no excuse .
1	he spoke in a condescending tone to my father and i .
0	told _num_ minute wait for food .
1	had i eaten in chipotle , i probably would 've spoken to the manager .
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	i called and spoke with an extremely unhelpful guy , he sounded young .
0	horrible is the word .
1	( i spoke too soon !
0	my soup was alright - french onion - pretty standard .
1	she spoke to me as if i were below her .
0	food was terrible and woman who rang me up was soooooo rude .
1	i can not speak to their repair work .
0	this explains why i got my haircut there so many times .
1	an older man that works there stared at me and never spoke .
0	this is probably one of the worst olive garden i have been to .
1	basically no basil to speak of and no `` splash of balsamic '' .
0	wrong !
1	then let me speak to one instead of wasting my time .
0	about _num_ % more expensive .
1	that and none of the food really had any flavor to speak of .
0	cutting too many corners .
1	we spoke with the owner eric and he said that was not true .
0	the sheer size of it all was just too much too .
1	he spoke to me as if i were a two year old .
0	the burger was so-so with little flavor , which was very disappointing .
1	it was okay but no real mint flavor to speak of .
0	but the overall vibe is weird and the service sucks .
1	i asked to speak to his supervisor , and he refused .
0	i 've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff .
1	after finally speaking to the manager they get me a smoke free room .
0	no , i do n't want you to take our food back !
1	she , unfortunately , spoke very little english .
0	cons : extremely inconsistent room cleaning service !
1	she never introduced herself or spoke to me the whole time .
0	overpriced merchandise that does not last .
1	running shoe department had decent options but barely any help to speak off .
0	the worst part were the soy beans .
1	the woman who worked on me did not speak or understand english .
0	for an appetizer , _num_ entrees , and naan .
1	to be fair i can not speak on any other dr in this establishment .
0	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
1	i just kinda stared at her in shock , unable to speak .
0	( but they have still not done this _num_ weeks later ) .
1	i spoke with randy who was again extremely rude !
0	!
1	she never spoke to me .
0	better than nothing , i suppose .
1	he never did , i called and spoke to him .
0	it was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable .
1	we refused it and demanded a refund immediately asking to speak to the manager .
0	it literally killed me to leave a tip .
1	i ca n't speak to the dine-in experience since we took it home .
0	had a friend who went here .
1	there was no bark to speak of on the brisket .
0	i asked for medium cooked and they gave me burnt .
1	the staff can barely speak english ... dont think i will return .
0	we went here with family to have lunch , the service was ok .
1	i reached my breaking point and called asking to speak with a manager .
0	i ordered some turkey wrap with a fruit salad for a side .
1	i asked to speak to the manager , he says he 's the manager .
0	i would absolutely not return to this salon .
1	called and spoke to someone whose name i dont remember .
0	nope , it said $ _num_ for a master stylist women 's haircut .
1	the new manager is rude and doesnt speak english well .
0	the service , in my opinion , is often quite rude .
1	she walked in back and spoke to a blonde lady .
0	they refuse to put a camera in the package room , parking lot too .
1	i have spoken to the manager here with no luck , i.e .
0	then _num_ mins to get our food !
1	i even spoke to a manager and he would not exchange my defective device .
0	it 's a gas station , how hard can it be ?
1	the delivery driver did n't speak enough english to communicate with .
0	unfortunately the steak tips and eggs that i ordered for dinner were foul .
1	_num_ person simply sat our mimosas on the table and did n't speak .
0	but , it is what it is so do not forget your key !
1	after _num_ minutes , i asked to speak with his supervisor .
0	place sucks .
1	when i called and asked to speak to a manager no one spoke english .
0	my issue was the price , $ _num_ .
1	i called again and spoke to monica again .
0	no such luck .
1	you 're better off going in to speak to someone face to face .
0	literally they kept their heads down and refused to make eye contact .
1	the first person i spoke to was very understanding and apologetic for my experience .
0	when my dish comes out , it 's literally just steamed veggies and rice .
1	i spoke too soon .
0	i usually only stop there if i 'm already at tend waterfront .
1	no smile , and i could barely hear her speak .
0	staff training is badly needed .
1	the food is usually below average and the workers barely speak english .
0	the only fast service was for the drinks and cornbread .
1	there is only one guy speaks english enough to understand what you want .
0	but the situation inside is fairly ridiculous .
1	then he refuses to speak to me because my boyfriends name is on account .
0	this is a poorly run business that could be turned into something great .
1	he was arrogant as well and spoke down to every patient .
0	none of this is exaggeration .
1	but instead i just asked to speak with a manager .
0	why did n't we just leave then .
1	half the time you do n't understand what they speak in english .
0	_num_ .
1	i requested to speak with a manager but none was available .
0	but no way to cancel , need _num_ hours notice for us ... .
1	the person who took `` my order '' could barely speak english .
0	the owner is very pretentious and rude .
1	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
0	i will not be going back .
1	girl barely speaks english .
0	we ended up with our glasses 3/4 full and a watered down juice cocktail .
1	i can not speak on the hotel .
0	the employees were awful , rude , slow and not caring about a thing .
1	needless to say , we did not speak highly of the experience .
0	never ever get the all-you-can-eat .
1	when you got in , you could n't even speak ! ''
0	last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked .
1	the lady i spoke with was ignorant and extremely disrespectful .
0	it just sucks here .
1	i do n't really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother .
