0	followed with an arrogant face !
1	no tart , no spices .
0	avocado is like banana .
1	very bland unless you call fryer oil an herb or spice .
0	the service was horrible .
1	it was chewy and soft , with the right amount of spice .
0	they were busy , but our waitress was slightly cold and barely around .
1	sauce was slightly sweet with a great balance of hers and spices .
0	_num_ . )
1	no spices or sauces on the table , not even chop sticks .
0	this mcdonald 's is so bad it 's amazing .
1	know how i know it 's a spice packet from a bag of ramen ?
0	this place was horrible !
1	the chilaquiles had the right amount of spice .
0	i may come to have drinks , but never to eat .
1	no spice and the chicken had a chemical flavor to it .
0	have been waiting for _num_ business shirts and suits for over _num_ weeks .
1	the chorizo is always delicious and has a good amount of spice .
0	if no stars could be given that would be more accurate .
1	the white sauce was perfect with garlic and spices .
0	nothing was awful , but nothing stood out in any way .
1	also , they have an attached spice shop if you are interested .
0	do n't bother to stop .
1	the spice is perfect .
0	management did n't even come by table to apologize about the wait .
1	hardly any spice .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
1	someone with cilantro but are at a loss with any other spice .
0	_num_ stars for being cheap and delivering .
1	it was n't spiced as much as i thought it would be .
0	terrible front desk staff & way over priced .
1	very flavorful and layered with spices .
0	worst place ever .
1	there was no salt , spices , flavor , or color in anything .
0	so bland .
1	the chips are topped with pickled veggies and sprinkled with spices .
0	the buses smell like urine .
1	a lot of veggies and a lot of nice spices .
0	thats as american as fortune cookies .
1	very authentic and just the right amount of spice ( for me ) .
0	they 've ruined my clothes on _num_ separate occasions !
1	it 's all about curries , rice , naan and spices .
0	terrible .
1	sauce has an excellent spice to it .
0	i wo n't go back to this location .
1	the sauce was not very flavorful and did n't have any spices to it .
0	this was really disappointing .
1	store also has many authentic caribbean food and spices .
0	the menu says there 's a charge for fried rice instead of white .
1	i tasted not one mushroom and it was loaded with too much spice .
0	the service provided by a chinese man was terrible !
1	they have the right amount of spice in all their dishes .
0	i guess because the big box stores are cheaper and maybe more accessible .
1	it needed spices and was really tough .
0	somewhat disappointed would best be the title for my review .
1	but there 's no spice and it 's soggy .
0	came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot .
1	it needed spice though .
0	the concept is just so olive garden .
1	too sugary and strong spices .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	generous portions , well spiced , good service , byob .
0	and _num_ % of the time your order is wrong .
1	i love spice and this place sure delivered .
0	it 's annoying , i get it .
1	it was way too sour and also lacked any spice .
0	the pork fried rice was actually pork burnt rice , nasty ( _num_ ) .
1	the fries themselves were not coated in any sort of spices .
0	the cost of the alterations were $ _num_ !
1	the buffet items are overly greasy and spiced oddly .
0	i 've complained numerous times but it never does any good .
1	it had no spice or bite at all .
0	service is very bad .
1	the rice was bland and the dish over all had no spice .
0	horrible service .
1	my ribeye steak had the _num_ spices .
0	i 'd give it zero stars but yelp wo n't let me .
1	that was ordered a _num_ spice level and no spice either ?
0	i gave the management a heads up , and it was not fixed .
1	i ordered the red curry tofu extra spice and it was very delicious .
0	their burgers are dead to me .
1	i love that they will custom spice anything .
0	( they had run out of home fries ) .
1	they were overcooked and oddly spiced .
0	usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese .
1	authentic , flavorful and just the right spice .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
1	beware of the spice !
0	i do n't think i have one good thing to say about this place .
1	it 's the perfect warming drink , with plenty of spice notes .
0	very disappointing considering their pricing structure .
1	a good variety of international vegetables , spices , etc .
0	the building we stayed in was not full .
1	they were full of flavor and just the perfect amount of spice .
0	it was humongous but not that tasty , pretty dry .
1	between the spice and the temp of the soup , it was too much .
0	but last night it took _num_ hrs to get a burger .
1	no spice no flair .
0	i also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell !
1	short rib tacos had no flavor other than spice .
0	the food was bland at best .
1	the moroccan spiced chicken and dry plum pizza is an exotic treat !
0	not sure why it would be featured on the show .
1	carries everything from seafood , produce , spices , and snacks .
0	no explanation at all was given .
1	i had the curry done with medium spice level .
0	the cashier had no idea what we were asking for .
1	the sauce tasted like tomato paste with a little spice .
0	rather , they were extremely rude and defensive .
1	spicy fried rice with medium spice was wonderful .
0	went to barnes and noble waterfront with _num_ books on my list .
1	it was the perfect portion and spiced wonderfully .
0	unfortunately , this place is pretty dirty .
1	perfect blend of spice and all the other goodness .
0	skip everything else !
1	good spice level and complex flavor .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	they spice up the week with nightly trivia and weekly free comedy shows .
0	!
1	wing are perfect each time , right amount of spice , heat and sauce .
0	no offer to refill drinks or for water .
1	great variety , great spices , great presentation , great menu .
0	i was rushed out and my polish was n't even hard yet .
1	the pork was tender and the sauce had the right amount of spice .
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	the taco meat was not spiced bland .
0	in the running for one of the worst restaurants in pittsburgh .
1	i got the spiced stout , which was also delish .
0	just totally inconsiderate .
1	no noticeable spice .
0	the almond torte used to be the best , hands down .
1	there was absolute no salt or any spices added .
0	skip this place - there are other decent cheap eats downtown .
1	the food has so much flavor and is just the right amount of spice .
0	_num_ the bread .
1	so good and adds just enough spice to be interesting .
0	horrible experience .
1	no spice .
0	was waiting for my check about _num_ minutes .
1	nothing had much flavor or spice .
0	but each time i come away disappointed , even more than last time .
1	the marinara sauce was so plain with no salt or spices .
0	i do n't need to receive attitude from a receptionist .
1	there was no spice involved .
0	will never go back !
1	the gyro meat was cut fresh from the cone , and spiced very well .
0	i was meeting up with _num_ other people there .
1	so much flavor and the perfect amount of spice .
0	i ordered a hamburger with fries for $ _num_ .
1	expensive and too much five spices in the broth .
0	hotel restaurants are just awful !
1	the flavors and spices were just a perfect blend of sweet and spicy .
0	_num_ minutes later , nothing .
1	they need to season the crawfish with spices and not hot sauce .
0	we are talking a plain bottle with mystery ketchup .
1	spices that do n't agree with me ?
0	i am brand new to the area and never ordered from this location before .
1	the meat was extremely tender and well spiced .
0	the lady i spoke to was rude and unprofessional .
1	i normally do n't care for spice but the flavor is worth the burn !
0	it was also virtually tasteless .
1	my husband ca n't handle spice at all and these had _num_ flavor .
0	sometimes i ate there _num_ or _num_ times a month .
1	the spices and fresh pasta are two of my other favorite regular purchases .
0	and meats were not cooked to request and the servers forgot the eating utensils .
1	they are great about tailoring spice levels .
0	the locker room was ridiculously crowded ( too small ) .
1	i was impressed by the quality and low price of the bulk spices .
0	the sheer size of it all was just too much too .
1	the beef was tender and had just the right amount of spice .
0	the workers are not greek chefs and are very condescending .
1	they didnt ask me for a spice level when they took my order .
0	but when it does , you bend over backwards to make it right .
1	no spice and no heat .
0	in a considerably nasty tone .
1	no taste , no spice either .
0	i was n't standing behind the people 's sitting at the bar .
1	just not an entire spice rack full .
0	based on this experience , i would not go back .
1	everyone agreed that the spice levels were accurate , and thoroughly enjoyed their meals .
0	in fact , i did n't eat anything at all .
1	the spice and flavour was outstanding .
0	the host was horrendous and extremely rude .
1	spice level `` hot '' is just right .
0	$ _num_ for a banana split cocktail ?
1	lite dish , not fried , plenty of veggies and perfectly spiced .
0	the restaurant across the street was apparently a night club as well .
1	the sauce is good with a bit of spice .
0	they know they sell out before _num_ and they only open at _num_ !
1	fresh ingredients , good spices , and fun options .
0	sure she knew that rude .
1	the lunch specials are excellent and they do n't mess around with the spices .
0	wo n't be coming back .
1	some spices would have been nice .
0	they did not acknowledge me .
1	great spices and tastes great .
0	i 'm thinking we 've struck out .
1	spices , spices , spices !
0	put the tires in my basement , no problem .
1	perfectly spiced and portioned .
0	do not go here for service on your bike .
1	well spiced chicken tenders and fries , and they serve it with _num_ sauces .
0	this place is n't worth going to an atm for .
1	they get the spice and portions right .
0	_num_ sides came out late .
1	all were prepared perfectly and appropriately spiced .
0	i did n't even know what fine dining was until college .
1	it was n't bad , it just needed some spices .
0	not recommend .
1	the spices on the burger was too heavy .
0	i removed the cheese and just ate the crust with the vegetables .
1	they did n't even use the proper spices or anything .
0	until then she was just missing .
1	everything was tasty and the spices helped bring it all together .
0	nothing but breading .
1	the rice was tasteless like they didnt use spices .
0	the food was gross and i usually would n't say that about a place .
1	the spice level was typical of americanized asian restaurants .
0	the portions are not worth the price .
1	no spices .
0	worst service in the area , by far .
1	the food is wonderfully flavorful without using a lot of spice .
0	for the entree , i ordered rigatoni and my fiance had baked ziti .
1	i personally like a lot more spice .
0	i did n't appreciate it , understand it , or like it at all .
1	variety is the spice of life !
0	so , why such a low score ?
1	it said it should by spicy , but i could n't feel the spice .
0	and it smells like a coffee shop should smell - like coffee .
1	the bean dip was good , w/ a little spice in it .
0	i figured wrong .
1	i love spices food but this was ridiculous .
0	they just do n't run a very professional operation .
1	spices well balanced , textures are fantastic .
0	simply awful .
1	just the right amount of spice and full of flavor .
0	a complete lack of work ethic , it 's disgusting .
1	it was overly spiced , and drowned in sauce .
0	)
1	there was no spice , no heat , bland and gross .
0	i pay my $ _num_ and wait .
1	spice level was just right and hot the spot .
0	$ _num_ burgers , $ _num_ domestic bottles .
1	i ordered the pad thai which was the perfect amount of spice .
0	after waiting way too long to even be acknowledged , my order was taken .
1	it 's basically ketchup with lots of spice , but wow is it good .
0	i 'm not asking too much .
1	they are perfectly spiced and cooked everytime !
0	gross .
1	however this dish ( cajun platter ) lacked any type of cajun spices .
0	however , the food and service is sub par .
1	i love that you can choose the spice level on anything you order .
0	$ _num_ and we both left and ate pizza .
1	there were no authentic spices which we use daily in our cooking .
0	the pizza at this place is o.k .
1	the lamb was cooked well with just the right amount of spices .
0	and i would n't have minded if the food had been amazing .
1	way too much pepper or spices , and i could hardly taste the cheese .
0	we were rushed through our meals like we were n't wanted !
1	perfect amount of spice and just enough sauce .
0	was very disappointed with the food .
1	great flavor , great spice .
0	but it was not happening at this place !
1	no dipping oil with herbs and spices .
0	the drive-thru workers are rude and they give you crap food .
1	the spice was ok , i did n't think it was flavorful .
0	tasted like sauce and cheese on toast .
1	both have a great flavor and are spiced perfectly .
0	it 's not like they were busy .
1	no crazy spices .
0	i can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service .
1	lots of tender meat and perfect spice .
0	after calling every day for a week i was furious .
1	the chicken was completely bland like the chef forgot any spices .
0	overall the rent keeps going up every year and their service just getting worse .
1	it lacked flavor ; it needed more spices or even some kick with jalapenos .
0	well , it was n't horrible but it also did n't blow me away .
1	it was so fresh and satisfying with just the right amount of spice .
0	avoid this place .
1	the market has some great spices that i picked up .
0	save yourself a lot of time , money and pain .
1	otherwise , the food was solid and the spice levels were good .
0	do not bring your car here .
1	spice burger and fries - _num_ stars , really great burger !
0	this is ridiculous .
1	sent my food back literally four times due to lack of spice and temperature .
0	i just found the worst breakfast spot in pittsburgh .
1	claims to be marinated in spices that i could n't find .
0	it was a weird experience .
1	the food is good , and excellently spiced .
0	the light roast coffee was cold .
1	rice had not flavor and no spice .
0	very rude and condescending .
1	semi spicy food but ok for me , i like spice in my life !
0	okay , so maybe that night we just had bad luck ?
1	i did n't taste a flavor of a spice rub either .
0	it sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint ... '' oh that place ?
1	the broth was light in color with a hint of spice .
0	there was no way this order was prepared and cooked that fast .
1	it remained me of orange chicken from panda express with some spice .
0	_num_ .
1	the beans were creamy and well spiced .
0	do n't think i 'll be back .
1	good spices and the chicken was tender but more pasta then chicken .
0	gross .
1	the thai steak salad is very good with a slight amount of spice .
0	sometime you just get one that is n't .
1	this sauce has flavor and add garlic and spice , friggin perfect .
0	we also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good , also .
1	it was lacking that fresh italian herb and spices flavor .
0	ridiculous .
1	it was like an old sweet an sour sauce with a little spice .
0	first time in pittsburgh , from chicago .
1	again , no herbs and spices .
0	either way , no need for rudeness .
1	good spice levels .
0	i feel like i 'm in line for a bad carnival ride !
1	the red chile had no flavor and was not even a touch of spice .
0	could not understand what the foreign cashier was saying , made placing near impossible .
1	i will definitely be back here again for some more yummy spices !
0	they really are the only thing this place has going for it .
1	i do n't know how people can eat this much italian spice .
0	attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this `` employee . ''
1	the cheese is served with warm olives , spiced walnuts and crisp bread .
0	will never stop here again .
1	the spice level was perfect !
0	if that were the case , i 'd stick to making my own .
1	my chicken was spiced perfect and i loved mix .
0	btw , we did n't have an inexpensive lunch .
1	full set of spices , etc .
0	i did n't finish it .
1	the french fries were perfectly cooked and spiced !
0	terrible service that night from an otherwise reputable place .
1	the machaca burrito was made using ground beef with spices .
0	it is a shame because buffalo blues does have potential .
1	they were bland with no spice and no butter served on the side .
0	made me feel uncomfortable , he was kinda nasty and condescending .
1	every time our food is perfectly spiced and deeply flavorful .
0	it 's clear that they do not care at all .
1	wonderful spices .
0	smoky , but not horribly so .
1	real true pumpkin flavor and not shy on the spice .
0	the issue was how grossly understaffed they were .
1	the chips and salsa were good with a little bit of spice .
0	nothing was comped and no manager was available .
1	you could n't taste any spice just salt and sour .
0	this place was trashy , dirty and probably not even up to code .
1	very quick service with a a large variety of sauces , spices and mixes .
0	i do n't recommend at all .
1	the dishes we ordered had great flavors and had the right amount of spice .
0	it just sucks here .
1	no spices or raisin and naan .
0	the music the guys played was all stuff from like _num_ .
1	nice and thick , with cucumber and spiced well with herbs and garlic .
0	but no way to cancel , need _num_ hours notice for us ... .
1	you can order it with more spice and enjoy the sweet with the heat .
0	this food , though , it was n't good .
1	the rice is cooked well and has the perfect spices .
0	i ordered the lemon grass soup with shrimp and the papaya salad .
1	mexican spiced mocha is really good !
0	the server got my order wrong .
1	the food had fantastic flavor and the ample amount of spices !
0	i 'm not totally sure why i keep going back here .
1	the beef was very salty and very salty with a lot of spice .
0	it 'll never dry !
1	the spice is perfect and the curries are spot on and delicious .
0	it was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries .
1	they have good chicken wings the spice and vinegar are balanced well .
0	so why my low score ?
1	i could see spices but could n't taste anything .
0	the worst $ _num_ i 've ever spent .
1	told them it has no spice and they brought hot sauce .
0	the menu said nothing about that , so i had no idea .
1	the soup was neither hot in temperature or spice but it certainly was sour .
0	_num_ .
1	the bloody mary was lame , no spice , no bite at all .
0	for your own sake and peace of mind , do not give them business .
1	the food itself was good but lacked spice .
0	needless to say , i probably wo n't be back .
1	most versions of this dish have onions , peppers , and spices infused throughout .
0	what has not changed is the extremely poor service .
1	good flavor and spice flavors to range from zero to medium hot .
0	she did n't massage anything .
1	there 's just no flavor , much less any spice .
0	as it is right now , do not patronize this business .
1	great , fresh and spiced food .
0	it was disgusting .
1	spice , heat , flavour , goodness .
0	that does not make me chop liver .
1	they have great cheeses and a variety of dried lentils and spices .
0	try $ _num_ , for real .
1	slightly sweet with the right amount of spice .
0	worst serves ever .
1	the spice was horrible .
0	_num_ ) the fried chicken was n't really fried .
1	ingredients were n't fresh and the gyro was heavy on the spices .
0	finally i flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager .
1	chicken had some weird spices in it .
0	she told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side .
1	very fresh , a little spice and flavorful .
