0	the garbage and mail are very inconvenient .
1	apparently that means zero spicy or just adding _num_ jalapeno slices into the soup .
0	food remains ok but prices have more than doubled .
1	mine was extremely spicy and his was not spicy at all .
0	corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck .
1	my spicy bloody mary tasted like tomato juice and vodka .
0	i do n't get it .
1	my favorite is the mexican chocolate ( chocolate with a spicy bite ! )
0	i 'd have to say i was pretty disappointed with my overall experience .
1	tell me why i did n't get any hot and spicy ?
0	it was generous for the `` _num_ scoop '' order .
1	they were not , as the restaurant said , spicy at all .
0	they most certainly sat in broth for hours .
1	my husband who loves spicy food could n't even eat it .
0	we wo n't be back to this one .
1	it was n't even spicy .
0	i do n't know how this keeps happening .
1	spicy blt was excellent !
0	the technician was telling us how it was closed and had just reopened .
1	the spicy chicken had soggy ass lettuce and it was just straight up sloppy .
0	i went into dean of shadyside salon to get my hair colored .
1	it was great ( spicy ) and enough for a meal .
0	i did like that the almonds stayed crispy even through shipping .
1	my meal was enjoyable i got spicy beef dish and it came with potatoes .
0	i get there only to find out they have nothing ready .
1	gone was the flavor and little taste of spicy burn at the end .
0	the downtown office has ruined america 's best for me forever .
1	the hot sauce is actually quite spicy but delicious !
0	if you are here to eat , maybe try somewhere else .
1	it had a nice spicy kick to it , without being overbearing .
0	i 'm not making this up .
1	i could n't believe how spicy it was !
0	just terrible .
1	sashimi salad was a little on the spicy side .
0	my boyfriend ordered the pork rice vermicelli bowl .
1	they do n't have the spicy mustard at their own condiment station ?
0	the rest of the food was awful .
1	even my hubby who likes a little spicy did not like it .
0	the restaurant is so small and they have a problem with managing customers .
1	we tried bbq , garlic parmesan and spicy .
0	i could barely pick the shrimp out because the sauce was that gross .
1	we all ordered the waffle fries and spicy chicken sandwich .
0	did not like it .
1	if you do n't like spicy , go with the parmesan garlic .
0	finally got seated and waited _num_ minutes for waters and then ate mediocre food .
1	the other two in my party wanted something not so spicy .
0	i ate _num_ bites and threw it away .
1	the spicy feta dip is delicious and we love their pita chips !
0	bottom line : not terrible , but very underwhelmed by the coffee and service .
1	salsa were runny and definitely not spicy .
0	a little pricy for food but not too bad .
1	sichuan food here is all oil and not even hot or spicy .
0	bad business practices are very disappointing .
1	it was not spicy .
0	seriously , would it kill you to add more rice noodles ?
1	my wife was surprised to find the ramen noodles to be spicy .
0	my biggest complaint is the drink prices .
1	the rock shrimp has a spicy crunch to it that is extremely addicting .
0	no thanks .
1	the spicy tuna was fabulous !
0	but it was not the dress she ordered .
1	first two times the wait for spicy strips was more than five minutes .
0	sausage was disgusting .
1	spicy tuna nachos ?
0	ugh .
1	ordered cashew chicken , hot and spicy beef and kung pao chicken .
0	our waitress was very rude and did n't make me feel welcomed at all .
1	it spicy but not going to kill you , actually has great flavor .
0	i 've had better meals at the complimentary continental buffet at the holiday inn .
1	still my friend found it too spicy , and i call her over again .
0	well , this place is beyond horrible .
1	the pepperoni was authentic , thick , and spicy .
0	it cost me _num_ to get extensions so my hair looked thicker .
1	the spicy yellow tail was not spicy .
0	bland .
1	although if you are looking for spicy , i would order extra spicy .
0	the service in this store is ridiculous .
1	it was just really really bland and not at all spicy .
0	i live _num_ minutes from their location .
1	then i get home with second order and it 's way to spicy .
0	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
1	the `` spicy pineapple pork '' was neither spicy , nor had any pineapple .
0	the steak was supposed to be medium ; instead it came well done .
1	i have received under cooked fried foods , and some dishes are overly spicy .
0	i got the beef , the chicken & cilantro and the spinach empanadas .
1	ordered bun bo hue ( spicy beef noodles ) and it was all wrong .
0	i just ate half of a cockroach .
1	it was much better than the spicy pasta .
0	it looked pretty awful like a hard , dry , high school cafeteria lunch .
1	fries were spicy , everything was made spicy .
0	it was not especially crowded ( no wait ) and we had reservations .
1	even the wide rice noodles in the spicy thai noodle were rubbery .
0	i would n't go if you are of flavor descent .
1	my dish was n't spicy at all .
0	_num_ .
1	a spicy chicken sandwich combo with a side of ranch .
0	she apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables .
1	i could n't imagine how spicy the kung pao chicken would be .
0	_num_ .
1	to my shock , the pizza sauce was spicy .
0	essentially , the entire sandwich was inedible and i settled for five guys instead .
1	spicy tuna was terrible .
0	but then i had to wait more than _num_ minutes to get my food .
1	even the spicy dishes tasted rather bland .
0	well , it was overpriced and the food was terrible .
1	there 's no beef , just carrots and onion and it was sooo spicy .
0	this hotel is really dated , and the rooms smell funny .
1	i love the tuna tar tar , dragon roll & spicy scallop hand roll .
0	service was n't too bad - nice people .
1	when we got the spicy tuna roll , it was pale .
0	there are better chinese places on pittsburgh - this place should be shut down !
1	flavorful , yes , but not spicy as described .
0	but sadly , i do n't see you at all in my future .
1	then the waitress asked me if i knew the chicken itself was spicy .
0	this one , however , leaves a lot to be desired .
1	ordered spicy tuna , zero spicy .
0	i would give them zero stars if that was an option .
1	i can still find the crappy pieces of fish underneath all that spicy sauce .
0	zero stars for price .
1	spicy noodles were great .
0	would not recommend it .
1	$ _num_ for spicy pork ?
0	the rice was some of the worst i have ever had .
1	i ate my chicken , even though i ordered spicy they gave me mild .
0	fishy smell .
1	both of our entrees were tasty but mine was not as spicy as expected .
0	tables were not very clean .
1	the bbq tomato sauce was ordered spicy , but needed more heat .
0	we had nachos that were on slightly stale chips .
1	neither was spicy at all .
0	it really is just a bar with bad bar food .
1	ordered two spicy chicken combos yesterday at around _num_ o'clock .
0	most likely will not return .
1	mongolian beef : not spicy .
0	gross .
1	this was a very loose and spicy clear sauce .
0	it was just strange .
1	i normally ask for it spicy but went regular this time around .
0	if this establishment were to be in any other city they would be closed .
1	whatever you do , do not order the spicy tuna .
0	fried rice super bland .
1	the panang was watery and also , not as spicy as requested .
0	of course it was good , it is fried cheese !
1	i ordered a spicy chicken burrito that was blech !
0	the food is terrible .
1	instead of asiago chicken club , seems i have a standard spicy chicken sandwich .
0	think twice people before going here .
1	i called to find out what was on the hot and spicy chicken .
0	it was downhill from there .
1	the food was mediocre , i ordered the pad thai spicy .
0	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
1	the spicy bacon dog was pretty gross too , soggy .
0	it all had no taste !
1	it said it should by spicy , but i could n't feel the spice .
0	its ridiculous and the policy needs to be changed asap .
1	not spicy , even after requesting spicy , and just not very flavorful .
0	terrible tuxedo rentals !
1	my meal was marked as spicy and it was n't at all .
0	i gave it twice and no one bothered to contact me .
1	i felt like i was eating a spicy spaghetti soup .
0	bacon does n't take that long to cook .
1	i could n't find anything spicy or flavorful .
0	the bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence .
1	it 's not spicy .
0	do you ever leave a place and feel exhausted ?
1	but man i ordered a spicy chicken sandwich and the chicken was barely there .
0	but it was seriously bad .
1	the flavor was spicy , but not a flavorful spicy .
0	i do n't understand all the rave reviews for this place .
1	i asked them to make fajitas spicy and for some reason it was sweet ?
0	plus i did n't feel great !
1	spicy crab soup did not have crab meant in it .
0	we have stayed in westin hotels all over the country .
1	not spicy .
0	now i really wish we would have .
1	warning : the spicy tuna roll will kick your ass .
0	the check-in desk was super slow during my stay there .
1	hot sauce was n't that spicy , which is bad for a mexican place .
0	the frozen carmel coffee drink was much better than fruit smoothie .
1	tried spicy tuna , philly , chicken wings , chow mien .
0	will not be returning .
1	it was water boiled spicy beef .
0	this spot would n't have lasted a year in nyc .
1	if you want it spicy , then this is probably your place .
0	upstairs looks like it 's a club at night .
1	the spicy sausage gives it an extra kick that makes you wanting more .
0	food is very overpriced though .
1	even the home fries where spicy .
0	no redeeming qualities here .
1	the spicy sausage soup she first ordered was mostly broth .
0	very quick but kinda confusing to find the place .
1	tried their $ _num_ spicy ( popcorn ) chicken .
0	when it came out , it was pretty lousy .
1	we ordered the rigatoni with meat sauce and spicy sausage with ricotta .
0	but she said no , we absolutely could not order ice cream separately .
1	i ordered _num_ spicy potato taco and gave my debit card to the clerk .
0	_num_ minutes later the delivery guy calls and says he 's on his way .
1	there 's also house made sauces and spicy pepper sauces like sriracha .
0	does n't seem like they keep up with it .
1	watch out , the spicy sauce is really spicy .
0	the bar is ok , the food is ok , it 's nothing special .
1	and my husband the pork lo mein ( spicy ) .
0	he talked loudly across the whole restaurant to staff members back in the kitchen .
1	and , the basil dish was spicy but not all that flavorful .
0	it was like a window into hell .
1	flavors were safe and my spicy shrimp was n't very spicy at all .
0	Negative
1	i got the orange chicken extra spicy and it was so bland .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	we ordered the spicy edamame and _num_ rolls .
0	avoid at all cost .
1	nor do they have any spicy sauce to give you , besides jalepeno sauce .
0	a native sent me here , an apparent pittsburgh landmark .
1	they are the kings of spicy imitation crab .
0	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
1	i ordered a spicy chicken burrito .
0	do n't take your cat here .
1	delicious spicy tofu soup hits the spot .
0	he said , `` no , absolutely not .
1	we started the meal with spicy salmon tartar .
0	the place had a great location but otherwise it 's a waste .
1	i had ordered two hot spicy and a club with dollar fry .
0	i 'm not holding up a line .
1	it was not spicy at all .
0	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
1	i ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu .
0	the service is horrible ... friendly but horrible .
1	it was n't real spicy tuna !
0	and am not a fan of the _num_ % .
1	other than `` spicy '' -- there were no particularly memorable or enjoyable flavors .
0	our server , from beginning to end , was slow .
1	it is bland not spicy chicken .
0	this place is beautiful but not worth the money , stress , or headache .
1	salsa is n't spicy anymore .
0	apparently with this kind of reception , no one wants to pay full price .
1	that 's not how spicy tuna is supposed to look .
0	owner on the phone and did n't even acknowledge the customer .
1	i ordered a spicy chicken to go , and they did n't put patty .
0	ridiculous .
1	i ordered my spicy tuna and salmon rolls , both came within _num_ minutes .
0	_num_ staff members yelled .
1	burger king makes an ok jr spicy chicken sandwich .
0	we were seated immediately because it was n't too crowded ( bad sign ) .
1	the cashew chicken , which i ordered , was listed as slightly spicy .
0	we submitted our name thinking it would be 20-30 mins .
1	that dish was not spicy in the least .
0	again , the food was mediocre but the staff was extremely friendly .
1	first , it was not extra spicy at all .
0	in fact , it was awful .
1	everything we got that was supposed to be hot and spicy was mild .
0	the cable and internet did not work our first night there .
1	she took spicy tuna off the bill since we had only consumed one .
0	unfortunately , the worst part of my meal were the steaks .
1	the bad : pho noodle soup and the spicy beef soup taste like msg .
0	couple of years ago more orders were found to be overcooked and less meaty .
1	do n't miss spicy mary .
0	what could have been a very positive experience was absolutely ruined by this man .
1	spicy noodles had no meat of any kind .
0	drama , drama , and more drama .
1	harris grill does brunch and spicy bloody marys right .
0	the worst mani/pedi of my life .
1	nothing special mexican taco stand , food is kinda bland nothing too spicy .
0	also , the staff was fairly rude and all had chips on their shoulders .
1	the sauce was runny and not spicy .
0	drove down there so they could say sorry want to do it tomorrow ?
1	when i 'm sick i want spicy , hot , asian food .
0	it was a total disappointment for me .
1	loves , and cashew chicken , which is spicy and delicious .
0	the parlor looked nothing like the pictures on this website .
1	but i ordered a spicy hibachi chicken dish , which was frankly awful .
0	she shrugged and did not seem interested .
1	the food was spicy not flavorful , just spicy .
0	the only thing this place has going for it is the local hype .
1	the chicken was very bland , and it was indicated as a spicy item ?
0	fries with burger were luke warm .
1	spicy , spicy .
0	i have been a steelers fan as long as i can remember .
1	ordered two personal size pizzas , spicy fries , fried zucchini & onion rings .
0	i 've worked at steak n shake before .
1	the hot sausage was nice and spicy .
0	not impressed .
1	the chicken curry was spicy but executed poorly .
0	their televisions could be called outdated ... at best .
1	it was n't too spicy for me .
0	it was pretty busy and there were people everywhere .
1	being a szechuan restaurant , naturally they would have a lot of spicy food .
0	do not use their car wash .
1	it tasted like cardboard , was over cooked , spicy odd tasting sauce .
0	i woke up with a stuffy nose and in need of some hot soup .
1	i expected spicy thai curry but no real flavor , just bland .
0	i 'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant .
1	spicy tuna rolls were not fresh and smelled like fish .
0	however , i wo n't be back .
1	greasy tacos , the only thing good was the spicy salsa .
0	very bad food and overpriced .
1	_num_ hrs to go and no spicy breast !
0	the aisles feel more narrow than they should be for a store this size .
1	i myself do not mind spicy foods .
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	sushi review : spicy tuna rolls were in no way spicy .
0	this lunch kinda sucked .
1	i was soo spicy hot , it was inedible .
0	it was very difficult to get our server 's attention throughout the evening .
1	the spicy yellowtail was even worse .
0	the employees did not seem to care and had no sense to work faster .
1	the ghost pepper fries is a waste of money if you like spicy food .
0	there was no background music .
1	the menu promised spicy sauce ... again bland .
0	every time , the hotdogs ( and brats ) are harder than a rock .
1	i had the spicy basil noodle plate which tasted like ragu on rice noodles .
0	other than that , customer service is awful .
1	super fast service and really great flavors in the spicy basil dish !
0	they 've ruined my clothes on _num_ separate occasions !
1	the spicy tuna roll was just bad .
0	a lunch over charged and wasted .
1	spicy and thick it went down easy enough .
0	the beet salad was underwhelming .
1	they were chewy , not spicy and dry .
0	i will not be returning .
1	fresh , sweet , spicy and all around good .
0	this used to be my favorite local waffle house .
1	hunan beef medium spicy was bland .
0	it is definitely not _num_ days free with no questioned asked .
1	the soon tofu was extremely , uncomfortable spicy !
0	all bad news .
1	the salsa , although bland , was surprisingly spicy .
0	i would not go out of my way or tell friends about this place .
1	when they say spicy , they mean spicy .
0	did n't like the presentation of the buffet .
1	it was also mushy and there was nothing spicy about .
0	overall , my experience was okay .
1	$ _num_ spicy octopus was like chewy rubber and totally inedible .
0	place is a total joke .
1	not spicy at all .
0	service was horrible !
1	the burger and `` spicy '' cajun soup were very mediocre .
0	why be in the service business if you have a bad attitude ?
1	she was telling me spicy but nothing spicy about it .
0	unfortunately , the party stops there .
1	looking forward to a spicy thai dinner and was totally disappointed .
0	very disappointed that this is the only photo store in the city .
1	the spicy tuna was n't very spicy .
0	we woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place .
1	it was very ( hot ) spicy .
0	needless to say we left , and we will not be going back .
1	a plain spicy chicken combo with a pepsi .
0	by far the worst service we 've had in a while .
1	and i got the spicy basil and it was so good .
0	food is limited and all fried , that 's not a good thing either .
1	it was bland and stale for one dish and too spicy for the other .
0	it was n't the cut .
1	we want spicy , cheesy goodness .
0	_num_ .
1	the spicy tuna roll tasted off .
0	i made a reservation on monday to pick up some equipment on saturday .
1	the guac was not particularly spicy .
0	not much more , but enough to make it not right .
1	nothing was even slightly spicy .
0	this rink just did n't blow my mind .
1	chunky but not spicy !
0	the store is extremely pricey and nothing really interested us .
1	instead i got two asiago chicken combos and one spicy chicken with no cheese .
0	i do n't want to be too mean .
1	spicy wings are too spicy .
0	i was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed !
1	the sausage was disgusting , and not spicy at all .
0	even the bread was stale .
1	i think it was thai bbq chicken with spicy sauce .
0	my favorite sauce was the honey jalapeno .
1	should 've gone for the spicy nuggets .
0	entire place smells like wet dog .
1	best part was their in house made spicy cucumbers .
0	linda did not call .
1	i will admit that the spicy garlic beef was ok .
0	it 's annoying , i get it .
1	however , the pepperoni is on the spicy side .
0	they complained that our house was not clean and scared off the potential tenants .
1	spicy shrimp pasta was friggin awesome and the calamari was fantastic .
0	i had the linguine carbonara and it was more like scrambled eggs and noodles .
1	i ultimately ordered the spring roll and the spicy chicken fried rice .
0	- none of the food was super awesome .
1	im eating mexican food , i expect it to be spicy !
0	will defiantly not go there again !
1	chili oil not hot , so it never did get spicy .
0	instead it 's a runny broth at the bottom of the bowl .
1	the salsa is great but too spicy for some at the table .
0	receive my check to find out it was all full price .
1	the menu described it as shrimp and sausage with some spicy cajun seasoning .
0	show off how much money you can waste in a night .
1	salty and not spicy at all .
0	worst service ever !
1	crisp , spicy , and full of fresh ingredients , a must try .
0	they said they had an appointment to taste wedding cakes .
1	the chicken wings were supposed to be plain and they were spicy .
0	( they had run out of home fries ) .
1	loved the pulled pork buns and the spicy noodle .
0	waiter was awful and food ( pad thai ) was not much better .
1	i ordered the teriyaki chicken spicy and the crab puffs .
0	the lamb chops were awful .
1	and this trip i tried some sushi and got the spicy tuna roll .
