0	we probably wo n't be back any time soon .
1	was i supposed to provide my own ?
0	completely ruined our meal .
1	the waitress tells me that customers are n't supposed to get their drinks themselves .
0	maybe part of the problem was expectations ?
1	onions are not supposed to make up _num_ % of a taco .
0	did i mention the service was bad ?
1	just spent _num_ hours on appointment that was supposed to be _num_ min .
0	yuck i have avoided this subway like the plague .
1	wife 's bowl was supposed to have chorizo but the cook put sausage instead .
0	the prices on the menu do n't seem that bad .
1	is n't chipotle supposed to be trying to win back their customers right now ?
0	rude customer service .
1	it 's supposed to have chicken , clear noodles , and mixed vegetables .
0	hostess was great , service was adequate .
1	oh well , ca n't win them all i suppose .
0	we were ... disappointed .
1	my salad was missing _num_ items that were supposed to be on the salad .
0	absolutely horrible service .
1	the consumer is just supposed to accept this .
0	the fries were super soggy and the pizza was pretty flavorless .
1	to make it worse , they are supposed to open at _num_ .
0	it was awful .
1	hence the name , i suppose , breakfast seems to be a better choice .
0	never a dull moment .
1	target is supposed to have everything .
0	ridiculous .
1	i suppose if you 're looking for a cheap eat , stop by .
0	this place had horrible service .
1	it was supposed to be delivered in a week .
0	my new goal is to deter anybody i know away from dollar bank .
1	i had the steak chimi , which is supposed to come covered with cheese .
0	it was very cold .
1	the spring rolls were okay , i suppose , though really not that great .
0	i can not eat this .
1	it is unacceptable when he said how him suppose to know !
0	the quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor .
1	it was supposed to have tomatoes , cheese and sausage .
0	half the sandwich falls out while your eating .
1	so , suppose you want to give that massage to somebody else .
0	the terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago ?
1	there is n't supposed to be .
0	coming here was usually pretty exciting .
1	the burger ( supposed to be medium ) was dry and over cooked .
0	both drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol .
1	i thought hospitals were supposed to move you towards that goal .
0	the fish n chips were not good .
1	she was supposed to be there for at least a month .
0	their service was horrible and i would never go to any rock bottom !
1	supposed to be open at 8:00 am on weekends .
0	i hate to blame the kitchen , but i think it 's the kitchen .
1	for a place the is supposed to specialize in burgers they sucked !
0	my lil heart fell .
1	am i just supposed to spend every weekend at pep boys ?
0	the music the guys played was all stuff from like _num_ .
1	gave us double beds but i thought we were supposed to get queen beds .
0	this was a very disappointing dining experience .
1	dude probably does n't even know what eggs benedict is supposed to look like .
0	this leaves the meat dry and tasteless .
1	supposed to get _num_ wings and they only sent _num_ .
0	no one at the counter even acknowledged my arrival .
1	are n't we suppose to stick together or something ?
0	there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
1	yes sesame chicken is supposed to be sweet , but not this sweet .
0	not even the shuttle goes anywhere useful .
1	my sandwich was $ _num_ ... ok price i suppose .
0	they 'll cook the egg and bacon in their crap microwave for you .
1	the wait was supposed to be _num_ minutes .
0	which i was , and i was not allowed in .
1	vegetarian is n't supposed to mean flavorless in my opinion .
0	had this pizza been cooked , i feel like it would be subpar .
1	apparently it 's supposed to be `` loaded '' with roasted chicken .
0	do they even have tables for _num_ ?
1	( it 's not supposed to have that much though . )
0	probably wo n't be back .
1	my car was supposed to be take to the repair shop .
0	overall just a really bad experience .
1	this is n't supposed to be a health care vending machine .
0	i do n't think i 've ever encountered such a miserable bunch of people .
1	no where on google does it say that its supposed to be that soggy .
0	unfortunately the worst possible thing has happened .
1	obviously whoever could read it would know what it 's supposed to be like .
0	there is no question that it has everything you could want .
1	this place serves its purpose , i suppose ; it 's just nothing special .
0	you treat the employees like dogs - like one level above dirt .
1	it was supposed to be a non smoking room and it smelled horrible .
0	not crowded but service was quite slow so i took off a star .
1	i went to this clinic because it was supposed to be cheap and easy .
0	this was a complete waste of my time and money .
1	was n't he supposed to ask us about that before ?
0	... seriously , how does one even mess that up ?
1	( it 's supposed to be a warm salad ) .
0	the pizza bagels were soggy yet burned .
1	it was supposed to be for children _num_ and under .
0	then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition .
1	is n't there supposed to be `` shrimp '' in `` shrimp enchilada '' ?
0	sooo wrong .
1	my pasta is supposed to have sauce !
0	a regular ice cream cone was $ _num_ .
1	a drive thru is suppose a little quicker service of getting your food .
0	stealing from your customers is not a great idea china buffet .
1	both dishes were supposed to be hot ... not !
0	it also was n't the cleanest place i 've ever seen .
1	it is basic and ok for the price i suppose .
0	not like you starbucks !
1	the fried noodles with chicken is supposed to be like a yakisoba .
0	so why the low rating ?
1	like i 'm supposed to be comfortable with that .
0	the veggies were old and wilted , and there was no dressing on either .
1	in my experience , pad see ew is n't supposed to be spicy .
0	place is ok but a little uncomfortable .
1	but i suppose the old folks that come here are n't exactly picky .
0	otherwise i would have brought him with me and we could have dined in !
1	enterprise was supposed to pick me up around 8am .
0	she just sat there and read a magazine .
1	seaweed is not supposed to be chewy like that !
0	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
1	i asked them how that was supposed to work and they gave me attitude .
0	the food at thai cuisine is more pitiful than my sense of direction .
1	that 's not how spicy tuna is supposed to look .
0	bad decision .
1	total was supposed to be around $ _num_ , but jumped to $ _num_ .
0	i have not a single good thing to say about this restaurant .
1	driver : am i supposed to guess where you are going ?
0	it 's not even summer yet .
1	i suppose i expected this place to be amazing .
0	i should have looked or felt it before i left the store .
1	but one is supposed to come here for steak .
0	the pizza was really really greasy .
1	there 's just not a lot of flavor i suppose .
0	rude , crowded , and most importantly not that great !
1	i arrived at charlotte _num_ minutes before my plane was supposed to leave .
0	service was mediocre but the food was poor .
1	i got a veggie omelet that was supposed to include broccoli among other vegetables .
0	it was also very dry .
1	the supposed manager did n't seem to care at all .
0	pad thai at a fusion place ?
1	i suppose , then , i should n't have been surprised by the food .
0	never going back !
1	this er is supposed to be open until _num_ am .
0	could someone have asked us if we wanted a drink ?
1	again , steak is not supposed to be chewy .
0	it just was n't anything special .
1	i have culinary insurance and am not supposed to be charged for paperwork .
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	it was covered in the brown goo that was supposed to be sauce .
0	however , lots of seats since the place was empty .
1	they stuck equipment onto eye which was not supposed to happen .
0	worst elevator system i 've ever come across .
1	the car was supposed to be fixed by close of business today .
0	... another one bites the dust !
1	is this supposed to be funny ?
0	never came out to see how we were doing .
1	i was supposed to be replaced a $ _num_ chicken little box .
0	possible the most frustrating company i have ever interacted with .
1	apparently it was not supposed to come with onions anyway .
0	almost all of the tires sold on site are foreign .
1	how the hell am i supposed to pay them ?
0	it 's extremely frustrating .
1	last time i checked , a franchise is supposed to have their stuff together .
0	everything is basic with a large price tag .
1	since wings are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable .
0	oh and less than stellar fries , with a cup of cole slaw .
1	however , the rug was supposed to be arriving the first week of march .
0	i would not recommend working with dollar bank for a home mortgage .
1	baked ziti is supposed to have a lot of cheese and sauce .
0	so pissed !
1	this is not supposed to happen .
0	upon receipt she told the manager she could n't see clearly .
1	at least the entrees were edible , i suppose .
0	_num_ .
1	they supposed to pick me at _num_ but not never shown up .
0	also most hotels offer no free parking , shadyside suites did .
1	waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks .
0	buffalo blues was neither .
1	steak sandwiches are supposed to be lean !
0	will never return to the store .
1	the chicken wings were supposed to be plain and they were spicy .
0	the drinks and salads are also soooo pricey .
1	_num_ were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered _num_ .
0	will not go eat there again !
1	the manager was very rude and said `` you wee supposed to call '' .
0	it 's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable .
1	supposed you want the chicken warm ?
0	i 'll be sure to spend my money elsewhere next time .
1	free shuttle service was supposed to be free , it 's not free .
0	i said no thanks .
1	is n't jack in the box supposed to be 24/7 ?
0	either way , i do n't understand the hype surrounding this place .
1	umm , are n't dealerships supposed to be the highest ?
0	they were gracious to direct us to signs that got us out of parking .
1	it was supposed to have sausage , but i could n't taste any .
0	all tasted like old food .
1	i really did n't know what i was supposed to expect .
0	this pizza hut is not a top choice , but ok in a pinch .
1	better than nothing , i suppose .
0	terrible !
1	were the steak tacos supposed to be purely made of steak fat ?
0	food was flavorless , plain .
1	please tell me how i am supposed to know where take out is .
0	i could barely eat the salad .
1	isnt the health dept supposed to prevent stuff like this ?
0	the cable and internet did not work our first night there .
1	hey , car sales person , you 're supposed to sell the car .
0	the people all look like they hate their jobs and treat the customers accordingly .
1	tasted bland for what is supposed to be a very flavorful dish .
0	this is something that tram 's has gotten badly wrong every time i visited .
1	the rest were soft and not what hong kong noodles are supposed to be .
0	yes bread , this is not your best .
1	they play pop music and it 's supposed to be an italian place .
0	that is not a way to earn anyone 's business !
1	bartenders are supposed to be nice , for god 's sake .
0	what i received was a whole milk latte .
1	- with our plan , we 're supposed to save money .
0	they are out dated and their customer `` service '' is non existent .
1	but i suppose it was too dark for the new owners liking .
0	but with all of the strange behavior , attempts to scam us , etc .
1	i ordered a spanish omelet that was supposed to come with salsa .
0	the chicken breast was so small .
1	are n't the hooters girls supposed to be nice to customers ?
0	the lack of empathy was even more disturbing .
1	since i was supposed to stay another night , i called the front desk .
0	just bad .
1	is n't that what they 're supposed to do ?
0	it did n't taste fresh , almost frozen at one point and microwaved .
1	i looked online at the supposed wait time that said _num_ minutes .
0	first time nothing unusual happened .
1	the side was supposed to be asparagus .
0	i left , and do n't intend to return .
1	this was by far my worst experience ever at a supposed sushi restaurant .
0	i did n't know hamburgers were traditional italian fare .
1	you 're supposed to sell your customer , not assume that he 's ignorant .
0	some good some bad .
1	oh , that was supposed to be a golf course ?
0	and then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages .
1	they ruined what was supposed to be a nice dinner with family .
0	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
1	however the service was mediocre especially for the class they are supposed to be .
0	did n't finish this dish .
1	the chicken was supposed to be grilled .
0	_num_ .
1	something that was supposed to be a treat for me turned into a headache .
0	otherwise it was _num_ miles .
1	it 's supposed to be chicken breast with their teriyaki sauce .
0	not all the prices are on the website , which makes for difficult planning .
1	are n't they suppose to be helpful ?
0	getting on and off is confusing .
1	i know bars are supposed to smell bad , but not like urine .
0	they should have cut off orders if they were that overwhelmed !
1	the steak was supposed to be medium ; instead it came well done .
0	furthermore i week later i found my car 's belt system was broken .
1	mine was supposed to come with pasta , but did n't .
0	horrible place !
1	the y is supposed to be a positive , community experience .
0	tandoori salmon was average .
1	i suppose your $ _num_ brake special already includes the coupon .
0	tried a variety of foods & none have been particularly good .
1	smoothies are n't supposed to be watery !
0	lidia 's is an upscale olive garden with slightly better wine list .
1	we do n't need chips and salsa , we 're supposed to get cornbread !
0	get the diagnosis and get several estimates to compare .
1	supposed to take _num_ minutes .
0	terrible treatment .
1	are n't you supposed to greet the people in front of you first ?
0	horrible .
1	we walked in and immediately did n't know where we were supposed to sit .
0	that said , i counted only _num_ dishes with any vegetables at all .
1	i guess that was supposed to make it better .
0	there is such a thing as food too fast .
1	it was supposed to only take a few days .
0	i 've worked at steak n shake before .
1	the rooms are supposed to me non-smoking which is not true .
0	the store never looks very clean .
1	in the first place , it was supposed to be a free event .
0	terrible !
1	you 're making people miserable when shopping is supposed to be enjoyable .
0	the manager nowhere to be seen .
1	the yum is supposed to have ground pork & chicken pieces .
0	so all-in-all , the food was sub-par at best .
1	hd batteries are supposed to be high quality .
0	sunday went by then monday went by .
1	a pedi is supposed to be relaxing .
0	why should it , those computers are always making mistakes .
1	$ _num_ is supposed to mean you get a deal , not crap .
0	puts it into a glass and serves it to someone else .
1	it is supposed to take an hour , not _num_ hours .
0	i hate writing a less than stellar review of a business .
1	they were suppose to be baby backs but they were dry .
0	waited _num_ minutes for drinks , _num_ minutes for good .
1	wednesday i was supposed to get a call and they never called .
0	i thought it was a bit too much .
1	the pizza is supposed to be ny style which i prefer .
0	a complete lack of work ethic , it 's disgusting .
1	was someone else supposed to bring it , did she forget ?
0	but kayla , our cashier ?
1	pho is supposed to be piping hot .
0	but we did n't have that problem until we left their lot !
1	this is supposed to be highly inappropriate for their employees to do .
0	the food is n't terrible , but not impressive .
1	the dresser was supposed to be brand new .
0	it was just meh .
1	staff was supposed to help with a reservation and dropped the ball .
0	awful awful .
1	today 's visit was supposed to be an exam and cleaning .
0	further , there did n't seem to be any seasoning on the steak .
1	the manager insisted that 's the way they were supposed to be .
0	sadly i will never purchase a vehicle here again because of this experience .
1	everything we got that was supposed to be hot and spicy was mild .
0	i 've made much better at home .
1	ordered _num_ mini pizzas that are supposed be four slices each .
0	nothing to talk about .
1	especially when it was supposed to be a pick up order to begin with .
0	when i say they messed up one of our pants , they destroyed it .
1	this is supposed to be the best burgers in the 'burgh .
0	i found this restaurant online and in my hotel room magazine .
1	but i suppose i should mention the bowling alley .
0	just a poorly laid out store which is showing it 's age .
1	apparently these people do n't care what a real burger is supposed to be .
0	ca n't comment on food since i was just in for beers .
1	she was supposed to send the script to my mail order company .
0	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
1	i wish that people knew how coffee was supposed to taste .
0	if i was n't so hungry i would n't have eaten them at all !
1	chicken is n't supposed to be grey , right ?
0	do n't waste your time or money at this denny 's .
1	buying my wedding dress was supposed to be a special & memorable experience .
0	disgusted .
1	i suppose the macaroni grill drops off of my favorite places to eat .
0	we always took the trash out .
1	you want to know what a stuffed pizza is supposed to look like ?
0	it 's frustrating because they also do n't particularly need to work hard .
1	it was supposed to be delivered on tuesday .
0	did n't get all of the items i ordered and paid for !
1	it was supposed to have avocado in it , but barely had any .
0	if you can help it , do n't get cable from this cable company .
1	are n't patients supposed to sleep while in the hospital ?
0	that 's not our usual practice . ''
1	this is clearly not what it 's supposed to look like .
0	they fell apart .
1	especially for the type of place this is supposed to be .
0	it was filing hot and load with chicken and bacon .
1	my poor baby ... they are supposed to be professional ?
0	how far we have fallen .
1	do they know it 's supposed to be fast food !
0	the chicken tortilla soup was just ok .
1	suppose to have lettuce , tomato , onion , pickle and mustard .
0	do not eat the pastries !
1	also , i thought hooters girls were supposed to be hot ?
0	this place is awful .
1	chicken obviously is n't supposed to be pink .
0	the restaurant was pretty empty , no wait for a table .
1	everyday , how are we supposed to get breakfast before work , ridiculous .
0	the bill was $ _num_ so it is pricey .
1	what was supposed to be purple roses were a definite wilted and odd pink .
0	Neutral
1	what the hell am i supposed to do that late ?
0	i probably wo n't be back .
1	they also charge you for things they are n't supposed to charge you for .
0	most of the time , they 're downright rude .
1	i arrived at _num_ pm and they are supposed to close at _num_ .
0	i ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce .
1	still waiting over _num_ minutes past when the order is supposed to be ready .
0	no more trying out different thai places in the city .
1	however , he is supposed to cover this area .
0	why would you even try to seat us like that ?
1	was supposed to be $ _num_ bowling night but charged us $ _num_ instead .
0	lastly , i 've had some really poor customer service experiences at this location .
1	it 's not piping hot like it 's supposed to be .
0	i feel like everything i say is wrong .
1	we were supposed to leave at 10am and return by 3pm .
0	the pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a _num_ year old .
1	they just are n't supposed to be chewy .
0	this was one of the most disgusting restaurants ive ever been in .
1	what part of `` grilled veggie burrito '' is supposed to have cold vegetables ?
0	our server was friendly , but not terribly attentive .
1	i do n't think that they even washed it as they were supposed to .
0	very poor form on the owners part .
1	said no u where suppose to have ready when i check out .
0	just bad service overall .
1	i guess this was supposed to make me feel better .
0	the portions are not worth the price .
1	so next time i suppose i should try that instead of the chicken tacos .
0	$ _num_ for anything !
1	no big loss for either of us , i suppose !
0	what we got at long last was so disappointing .
1	these pizzas are supposed to be hot and ready .
0	my boyfriend and i decided to split the platter , which was horrible .
1	visa gift cards are supposed to be accepted wherever visa cards are accepted .
0	soup not hot , waitress and cook fighting loudly .
1	the chicken was supposed to be deep fried and covered in sauce .
0	they clearly do n't bring them in at the end of the night .
1	again no explanation of where i was supposed to go .
0	i grabbed my daughter by the arm and led her out of there .
1	i suppose on a lighter note , they did rotate her tires .
0	and am not a fan of the _num_ % .
1	dale who was supposed to help me actually went out of town .
0	i read online that it opened at 11am , wrong .
1	i suppose you could do worse for a hotel restaurant .
0	extremely slow service !
1	too bad it was supposed to be a condiment .
