0	the sandwich sucked ; no flavor , no excitement .
1	we ordered two seafood entrees , two beers , and an order of sushi .
0	no bueno .
1	unfortunately , they do n't have great sushi .
0	the soup tasted spoiled , the tomatoes in my salad were frozen and mushy .
1	the sushi was not fresh .
0	asked for risotto and got some pasta , not sure what .
1	chandler folk do n't know what good sushi is .
0	and the bathroom looks and smells like something out of the movie saw .
1	sakana is another typical sushi place .
0	such a shame about this place .
1	the sushi was terrible and over priced .
0	slow , rude , unhelpful , and completely clueless .
1	very small sushi portions !
0	`` again i ask oh really is there nothing you can do ? ''
1	this is the worst sushi i have ever had .
0	tasty , but not real butter pecan .
1	ra is the worst place to go for sushi .
0	needless to say , we never returned .
1	first off , i sat in the sushi bar area .
0	i ate at this restaurant last night with three dining companions .
1	sushi is decent , but service is very slow .
0	my roasted duck breast with spinach and gnocchi was not hot .
1	i would say that the sushi is mediocre at best .
0	place sucks .
1	then my daughter had some sort of sushi roll tasteless and disgusting .
0	the one rabbit is ( per statement vet ) not going to get better .
1	the sushi was dry and seemed old .
0	it was not .
1	i order sushi and the taste was n't fresh .
0	this trend has to stop , it is not ok .
1	i immediately noticed how unfriendly the sushi `` chef '' was .
0	my mom had spaghetti with meat sauce and said it was just mediocre .
1	the most disappointing part is the sushi itself .
0	i can barely taste any calamari or zucchini .
1	sushi was horrible .
0	they were not fresh , or cleaned very well .
1	sushi was n't bad , not awesome .
0	do n't miss the _num_ pound tub of msg as you walk in .
1	back in the restaurant , the sushi is kind of lackluster .
0	no personality and did n't make us feel welcome .
1	there are much better sushi choices available .
0	unfortunately , the worst part of my meal were the steaks .
1	sushi is sloppy , not creative , and poor cuts of fish .
0	so gross !
1	at the time it was the highest average rating for sushi in mesa .
0	the cheapest thing on the menu was $ _num_ .
1	if you fail rice , you fail sushi .
0	we did n't realize most of the restaurants are closed on mondays .
1	am i at a bagel place or a sushi restaurant ?
0	_num_ .
1	if you appreciate fine sushi , do not eat here .
0	for real , wasting money for wrong order !
1	even the quality of sushi was not good this time .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	sushi fell apart , there was sugar in the white rice .
0	very poor quality work .
1	i believe he is a sushi chef and certainly lacks management skills .
0	mash potatoes were dry and tasted gritty like it came from a box .
1	the salmon sushi had a weird taste to it .
0	order : big mac , large fries , diet coke .
1	there are much better sushi places to choose from - even in az !
0	this is the worst westin i 've ever stayed in .
1	the sushi is very plain and not high quality either .
0	i thought maybe the cook was having a bad night .
1	their sushi menu is a bit confusing as well .
0	richard does not make you feel comfortable .
1	if you have ever had fresh sushi please do n't bother !
0	really disappointing .
1	worst sushi place , ever !
0	iceberg lettuce , croutons , cucumbers , and dry swordfish .
1	prices are higher than the average sushi restaurant and portions are less .
0	we ate our dinner quickly because of how hungry we were .
1	i am willing to pay reasonable prices for good sushi .
0	almost three days later , i had n't heard back from them .
1	the sushi chef was different though .
0	i got home and no extra sides .
1	this is the kind of place that gives sushi a bad reputation .
0	the drinks and salads are also soooo pricey .
1	the sushi was bland with a lot of rice .
0	friday night is apparently not the night to go .
1	competent udon and ramen noodles but the sushi was lacking .
0	do n't you care about your reputation and good name ?
1	why the hell are you gas lighting anything that has to do with sushi ?
0	it was very inexpensive and i understand why .
1	worst sushi and service ever !
0	i do n't care for primanti brothers .
1	the nigiri sushi is n't that fresh .
0	rude .
1	the service is slow and the sushi is n't consistent .
0	i called back at 10am instead .
1	was craving sushi and decided to give this place a try .
0	actually i will make sure to spread the word of this terrible experience .
1	really the sushi is not gon na blow any minds anytime soon .
0	not my scene whatsoever !
1	i am a sushi snob , and am extremely particular about my sushi .
0	i chose a veggie wrap , sans cheese with a side of apple sauce .
1	each bite of sushi here was equivalent of three bites of normal sushi .
0	just a poorly laid out store which is showing it 's age .
1	the sushi is about par with the grocery stores .
0	this was some of the worst food i 've ever had .
1	cream cheese sushi = not cool .
0	$ _num_ corkage fee for _num_ bottle of wine .
1	they give you a paper with a list of sushi to choose from .
0	do not sit by the windows because it was very cold .
1	maybe , but i probably wo n't order anything but sushi .
0	after waiting for 5-10 minutes , she went back to the sales person .
1	even the cucumber sushi was not great as it was mushy .
0	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
1	i will give sushi kim another chance because i know others rave about it .
0	barely reheated naan .
1	i have eat here many times before , the sushi is very low priced .
0	but got the invoice three days before i got the estimate .
1	our sushi came roughly about _num_ minutes after the wine ordeal .
0	i could understand if they were busy , but it was n't at all .
1	a group of _num_ of us went to get sushi here on friday .
0	stringy , asian crab that was definitely pre-made .
1	please go else where for your sushi and japanese needs .
0	i 'll go back for the scallops , but would n't recommend anything else .
1	they need better selections in sushi .
0	waited for the shuttle around _num_ min at the airport .
1	i was there on a monday , so i just tried the sushi .
0	after _num_ more min .
1	great atmosphere but the sushi fell short especially con the prices .
0	i 'm glad i took my money elsewhere .
1	worst sushi in town .
0	the bread pudding was ice cold and hard as a rock .
1	the sushi is cheap and skimpy , spring rolls were bland .
0	as much as i hate olive garden ... i would preferred that .
1	the food was horrible , worst sushi ever .
0	why on earth did i go back to this restaurant ?
1	made to order sushi `` all u can eat '' bar .
0	do not take your clothes there because they will damage or lose them .
1	ordered the sushi combo , added a miso soup and bowl of steamed rice .
0	i did n't feel welcome here .
1	we ordered _num_ sushi rolls several drinks and _num_ individual entres .
0	ca n't say much for an office that is managed this way .
1	we ordered the tuna , yellowtail , tempura , and salmon sushi rolls .
0	the beef was not the right color and was basically bland .
1	it 's the worst sushi i 've ever had .
0	on arrival , waitress seemed lost .
1	i had a pretty negative experience for my first trip to sushi kim .
0	not a spot of pink to be found .
1	sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better .
0	sat at the bar at about _num_ saturday for appetizers and drinks .
1	the sushi is good but the service was extremely disappointing .
0	elevator always has problems .
1	very disappointed there was no sushi .
0	that pissed me right off .
1	the sushi was n't very fresh at all .
0	who on earth could possibly find this place worth returning to ?
1	i was not impressed with the sushi either .
0	no upgrades .
1	it 's not worth the time for over price sushi !
0	not even a large one , either !
1	my next sushi experience will be elsewhere .
0	what a disgrace to the marriott name .
1	i expected bland sushi .
0	this was a horrible experience .
1	i 've eaten at about _num_ sushi joints around here .
0	the pasta was mushy -- way overcooked .
1	the rolls were worse than what you get at rotating sushi bars .
0	so why not actually make a decent public transportation system ?
1	its hard to find a good sushi place in phoenix .
0	i will not be staying at this location again .
1	by far , the worst sushi i have ever had in my life .
0	see pics of giant balls of noodles that tasted like the burnt curry .
1	but , the sushi items , rolls , etc .
0	the seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible .
1	great sushi but horrible customer service .
0	not a good vegan experience .
1	let me first tell you that i 'm not really a sushi guy .
0	came out fast , but entre 's came out _num_ mins later .
1	i ate some bad sushi and regretted it .
0	parking sucks .
1	i just know better sushi places .
0	the crab dip was another disappointment .
1	sushi was average & choices extremely limited .
0	it ruined our first visit in charlotte .
1	much like grocery store packaged sushi .
0	we had to send the potatoes back because they were cold .
1	it 's ok sushi , for arizona .
0	the caesar salad was fine , but not inspiring .
1	the sushi was c grade .
0	so instead of the rice i ordered a baked potato .
1	worst sushi experience i have ever had and i was a sushi chef myself .
0	do not waste money here .
1	you might as well buy some pre-made sushi from the grocery store .
0	upon receipt she told the manager she could n't see clearly .
1	i would eat supermarket sushi over the place .
0	they give you plenty of food but it is low quality .
1	the sushi chefs were either rushed , new , or incompetent .
0	the bathrooms were gross and probably never clean .
1	absolutely the worst sushi my husband and i have ever had .
0	i must be missing something because this place seemed expensive for dry cleaning .
1	sushi chef ( andy ) i believe his name was gave horrible service .
0	these women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs .
1	i 'm no sushi expert , but i was n't terribly impressed .
0	the only good thing was free parking out back .
1	oh and the sushi was not fresh and tasted gross .
0	the food is basic and inexpensive , you get what you pay for .
1	as other reviewers have said , this is not good sushi .
0	the pizza bagels were soggy yet burned .
1	sweet server , lame host , terrible sushi .
0	it should have been a clue when they were soggy .
1	this is not good sushi , do not waste your time or money .
0	i waited as long as i could but she never came back .
1	this is even bad by shitty strip mall sushi standards .
0	this place just bored me .
1	omg , this was one of the worst sushi experiences ever .
0	our expectations were not too high and the restaurant delivered just that .
1	we were excited to visit this sushi restaurant .
0	this was one of the most disappointing food experiences i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	sushi was good so that is why i gave it _num_ stars .
0	the steak was overcooked .
1	are you looking for the cure for your sushi cravings ?
0	it 's horrible .
1	anyway , the sushi itself was about as flavorful as a ten dollar bill .
0	had n't even read the reviews beforehand .
1	refuses to make sushi for pregnant women .
0	we hopped this was a one off and not typical .
1	they really need a second chef to help with the sushi .
0	do n't bother .
1	worst sushi i have ever had .
0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	i 'd rather go tempura sushi which is way cheaper !
0	nothing was awful , but nothing stood out in any way .
1	u wo n't b paying _num_ what the sushi is worth .
0	service was great , however , the food was mediocre .
1	none of us ordered sushi .
0	the folks on the phone are incredibly rude .
1	i have had way better sushi with more portions and cheaper prices .
0	service here has gone considerably downhill .
1	the sushi did not taste very good .
0	pretty disappointed in my service here the other day .
1	the sushi that we ordered was mostly just ok .
0	you should always have your car washed , specially in the winter .
1	i was excited to try a new sushi place and normally really love sushi .
0	but it was seriously bad .
1	i 've had way better chinese sushi at giant eagle of all places .
0	_num_ hour and _num_ mins is ridiculously long to wait !
1	sushi might be good , but i do n't eat sushi .
0	is it possible to give zero stars ?
1	the sushi was n't rolled tight either .
0	im from california and was excited to experience this restaurant .
1	your sushi was not even `` fresh for arizona '' .
0	the lines are always long and take forever to get through .
1	the two types of sushi that were there were n't even tasty .
0	diner _num_ - steamed clams .
1	the sushi was sub-par but i had already expected that .
0	this is not only a bad business practice but it is illegal and fraud .
1	there are other places that serve better sushi .
0	no hi , no thank you , no have a nice day .
1	but , if you enjoy sushi do n't waste your time .
0	i do n't understand why this place think 's it has famous corned beef .
1	zen _num_ was my sushi standout in phoenix , az until today .
0	she left her other co-worker to handle the entire crowd .
1	prices are a little steep considering they serve 2nd rate sushi .
0	it was not even blackened .
1	i sat at the sushi bar and waited _num_ minutes before anyone acknowledged me .
0	my party and i left to go to another restaurant .
1	there was only one sushi chef on duty .
0	the service can also be rather slow .
1	i would not order sushi here .
0	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
1	sushi quality was bad .
0	the room are _num_ stars .
1	but for the sushi - forget it .
0	they do n't respect your privacy at all .
1	i found this sushi to be painfully mediocre .
0	they actually screwed up a green salad .
1	more sushi than i could eat , for _num_ bucks .
0	do n't waste your time with this place .
1	i saw _num_ sushi rolls ordered by a couple that came in after myself .
0	it 's unacceptable .
1	there 's no way a real japanese sushi chef would have made this .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	welcoming atmosphere but did n't enjoy the sushi here that much !
0	the managers do n't care .
1	life 's too short to eat bad sushi , people !
0	i did n't even eat all of it .
1	sushi had way too much rice ( some nearly inedible ) .
0	it opens at _num_ .
1	a sushi restaurant that does n't carry raw salmon ?
0	now , after picking up my dress we realized they ordered the wrong size !
1	the sushi all tasted fishy .
0	they 're wrong .
1	way over priced for less than average sushi .
0	i stopped in on a whim alone and sat at the counter .
1	but the sushi 's not too bad , and it 's definitely cheap .
0	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
1	for the location and price i 'll go elsewhere for my sushi .
0	_num_ hour later it was completed .
1	the girlfriends sushi meal was a bit over priced for a lunch menu .
0	avoid this place !
1	literally the worst sushi and service i have ever had .
0	sit back down and i 'll take your order . ''
1	the sushi was mediocre at best .
0	i tried on the dress and it was super short .
1	the sushi set i ordered was a typical americanized sushi affair .
0	junk worse than mcdonald .
1	( referring to a veggie sushi roll item ) .
0	it 's somewhat upscale , but it 's not the ritz .
1	no sushi .
0	three strikes jackson 's , you wo n't see me again .
1	_num_ nigiri sushi orders ( _num_ pieces each ) _num_ rolls .
0	common areas needed to be vacuumed !
1	the sushi is made in the same process as going to a subway .
0	the pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though .
1	if you want nigiri sushi or sashimi , try hiro sushi .
0	i looked down and saw dirty toe nails and finger nails on the floor .
1	their sushi is horrible , their food is like an old lean cuisine meal .
0	we also ordered max 's famous reuben , nothing famous about it .
1	i am always weary of eating sushi far from the coast .
0	skip it .
1	bad mall sushi .
0	shady and terribly run nail salon .
1	as for the sushi , it does n't stand out at all .
0	one of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me .
1	would i recommend the sushi ?
0	the onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can .
1	sub-par sushi .
0	_num_ . )
1	i was definitely not wowed by the sushi here .
0	literally they kept their heads down and refused to make eye contact .
1	more expensive than most of the sushi places in mesa .
0	they just said thank you and walked away .
1	nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls .
0	seriously lady , you 're not a morning person .
1	the sushi was decently priced but seemed uninspired and was not particularly fresh .
0	they had a dj so there was a cover of $ _num_ - boo !
1	cheap sake , cheap beers , cheap sushi .
0	very disappointed .
1	still an `` average '' place for sushi and japanese food .
0	wish me luck guys .
1	but for a crap version of strip mall sushi ?
0	the iced tea is also terrible tasting .
1	as for sushi , i would only come here once .
0	i put some hot sauce on it strictly to add flavor .
1	what was different was that i did n't recognize any of the sushi chefs .
0	we waited over _num_ hours for the food to be delivered .
1	fine , i had a sushi craving and could n't care less .
0	but oh , how the standards have fallen !
1	if you 'd rather not play the game , go to sushi ken .
0	very bad service .
1	just had dinner ( sushi ) and was not impressed .
0	the spaghetti tasted no different than boxed pasta .
1	our sushi appetizer was extremely ordinary , the yellowtail seemed dry and tasteless .
0	it really is just a bar with bad bar food .
1	but i would recommend the sushi if you want cheap eats .
0	i 'm used to ordering medium and getting medium well at least .
1	sushi rolls were terrible !
0	tonight , we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer .
1	for all-you-can-eat sushi i 'm not expecting the world .
0	walked off the job and all the work completed was not done properly .
1	sushi is okay but a little over priced .
0	_num_ .
1	i should have went to the safeway next door for sushi .
0	i just paid the bill and we left and went to eat n park .
1	pathetic sushi , really .
0	she never even looked at me .
1	and sushi is sushi is sushi if they are rolled correctly .
0	i had to pay $ _num_ to add cheese to the hoagie .
1	could it be that people here do n't know good sushi ?
0	this place was awful .
1	probably the worst sushi i 've had in the phoenix area .
0	first off , our waitress just was n't good .
1	sushi was good , service was bad .
0	a very frustrating moment indeed .
1	, for being the first to make me tired of sushi .
0	find someplace else in bloomfield .
1	this was by far my worst experience ever at a supposed sushi restaurant .
0	here for trivia night on tuesday night .
1	ugh the sushi is terrible here !
0	they told me it was it was because i was booking with the owner .
1	also our sushi smelled very very fishy it was almost gross .
0	two different people in my office were reduced to tears .
1	do n't bother with the sushi , ca n't speak to the korean bbq .
0	left with : big mac , medium fries , no coke .
1	those who say this place was good do n't know what sushi is .
0	there 's no pride in the service or the food at all .
1	customer service , more seating and more affordable sushi .
0	far too much cream and cheese .
1	we ordered spider sushi rolls , hawaiian chicken , and general tso chicken .
0	was really excited to try this out .
1	worst of all , the sushi was bizarre .
0	however , i never ever will let a social event get out of control .
1	this place is like american sushi bar .
0	no way .
1	the restaurant is somewhat dingy , and the sushi chefs are not overly responsive .
0	they really overload the sandwiches with coleslaw and french fries .
1	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
0	was waiting for my check about _num_ minutes .
1	u like sushi ?
0	he could n't explain why he was asking the question either .
1	this is the worst sushi restaurant .
0	nothing was dry ?
1	sushi comes out warm because the servers are so slow .
0	yes , that 's not long , but it 's definitely boring .
1	the sushi is not worth your time .
