0	we ordered an app and unfortunately this is where our problems began .
1	usually , we have no problems , but tonight it was exceptionally bad .
0	the odd food selections are maybe a cross between southern style and fake chinese .
1	came for dinner tonight waited _num_ minutes and no one came to our table .
0	however , last night 's dinner was just plain bad .
1	from my experience tonight , the rumors may be true .
0	unfortunately for olive or twist , the visit would probably be our last .
1	not tonight .
0	the cheese ruined this pie .
1	tonight i stopped in for cali rolls , unagi , and edamame .
0	there is no option for zero stars so i was forced to give one .
1	it was my anniversary tonight , a tuesday .
0	our waitress was very polite , though .
1	tonight was our second and likely final visit to organ stop .
0	skip this place - there are other decent cheap eats downtown .
1	tonight , we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer .
0	i walked in and was ignored .
1	red lobster was not the place to be tonight .
0	he did not seem to be too enthusiastic with his job .
1	but tonight was it .
0	check my purse , yes , but leave my purse with complete strangers ?
1	took four kids tonight and we were all underwhelmed .
0	so really it was n't a terribly difficult job to be done .
1	well tonight was not a good experience .
0	if anyone had asked , i would have shared these comments .
1	tonight was an extreme disappointment !
0	her reply `` no .
1	tonight we placed an order got home and half the order was wrong .
0	but would it kill you to spend a little to upgrade your rooms ?
1	i am just hoping that i do n't get food poisoning later tonight .
0	i was their with groupon and they gave me so bad service .
1	we have been doing cheesecake factory for years and never been disappointed until tonight .
0	good food , but i wo n't be in a hurry to go back .
1	i was really disappointed with my local baja fresh tonight .
0	oh , with _num_ pitiful shrimp on top .
1	this is the `` service '' industry and you missed the mark tonight .
0	however , it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool .
1	the only good thing about tonight 's experience was the waiter , bryan .
0	but it 's not good for longer stays or repeat visits .
1	tonight we ordered from the bell rd location .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get someone to take the bill .
1	tonight makes me want to change my mind .
0	_num_ .
1	tonight was my second visit to sakana .
0	apparently it 's supposed to be `` loaded '' with roasted chicken .
1	no manager on duty tonight .
0	the new tuna tartare appetizer was the highlight of our night .
1	so i will sleep tonight hoping my car is there in the morning .
0	terrible service .
1	the issue tonight was a matter of health .
0	the bride chose a dress hoping it would look better in a smaller size .
1	we ordered delivery from them tonight and we are so disappointed !
0	reviews but they let me down .
1	tonight sealed the deal for me .
0	this location though has horribly slow service .
1	stopped in for dinner about 8pm tonight .
0	yelp as well as the online website said they close at _num_ .
1	went for the first and last time tonight .
0	unfortunately within _num_ days one of the diamonds on the halo was missing .
1	i visited the location on gilbert and southern tonight .
0	sunny only offered a free cleaning and even then seemed annoyed .
1	went in tonight for the turkey dinner , and chicken fried steak .
0	not because the food is bad but because i like to try new places .
1	tonight was the worst experience we have had for a very long time .
0	it 's like they hate their lives .
1	that is the _num_ stars for tonight .
0	furthermore i week later i found my car 's belt system was broken .
1	do i think that we deserved as much attention as anyone else there tonight ?
0	my reuben tasted like eating a salt stick .
1	never had a problem until tonight .
0	does n't even deserve one star !
1	the waitress was a good server so this is solely on tonight 's food .
0	_num_ ) the fried chicken was n't really fried .
1	my girlfriend and i went there tonight and the food was way over priced .
0	it has n't been cleaned in months .
1	i ordered takeout from here tonight .
0	our waitress was very rude and did n't make me feel welcomed at all .
1	my $ _num_ could have been better spent at taco bell tonight .
0	so i was appalled by a lousy not fresh dirty salad !
1	we tried it again tonight for our anniversary dinner .
0	i do n't even really know where to begin with this review .
1	i wanted to give them another chance tonight and i should not have bothered .
0	and another which was not the one my husband had ordered .
1	terrible decision to come here tonight .
0	it was dry and average , at best .
1	we went to this sonic tonight because my hubby wanted a chili cheese hotdog .
0	a number of the reviews here giving off the `` eh '' vibe ?
1	after tonight , f -- - del taco !
0	pity .
1	stopped by tonight with a friend .
0	the one rabbit is ( per statement vet ) not going to get better .
1	went for queens feast tonight .
0	all noodle , no filler .
1	we have never sent food back , but tonight was the exception .
0	they screwed up a club sandwich & fries .
1	tonight however ... .
0	but sometimes , you just have to , ya know ?
1	went in tonight to try this place out .
0	literally disgusting .
1	disappointed that the cashier tonight was rude and rushed .
0	overall , my experience was okay .
1	i 'd like to think something went seriously wrong with the recipe tonight .
0	no dice .
1	like tonight , for example .
0	he was very rude to us .
1	bad service and food tonight from the swing shift crew !
0	`` hello , sir .
1	i came here tonight ( a tuesday evening around 5:00 ) .
0	avoid .
1	tonight is the last time i use this giant eagle pharmacy .
0	while this is happening , several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks .
1	tonight was one of those nights .
0	i could understand if they were worn a lot , but they were not .
1	this place was not good tonight for several reasons .
0	no , we did not order any super fancy dishes .
1	went tonight and ordered a large _num_ cheese pizza .
0	ridiculous .
1	tonight the chicken was terrible so over cooked it was like eating turkey jerky .
0	wow , only in charlotte would you find a chain restaurant bar crawl .
1	we went for dinner tonight around 7pm and we were seated immediately .
0	get your hosts and servers on the same page !
1	tonight was a miserable time here .
0	the food went from amazing to mediocre without missing a beat .
1	placed a order for delivery tonight , i had guest over .
0	if it is busy expect to be treated poorly .
1	tonight ... this place was horrible !
0	rude .
1	tonight 's pizza was just a mess .
0	obviously that feeling is long gone .
1	had the absolute worst dinner experience tonight at tgi fridays on harris blvd .
0	the food itself was not too bad .
1	usually this place is good , but the customer service tonight was absolutely terrible .
0	do n't take it out on the person they are incorrectly calling .
1	tonight was horrible !
0	i assumed it was leaking and brushed it off .
1	tonight was our first time eating here .
0	they clearly do n't bring them in at the end of the night .
1	we picked up some togo food tonight from olive garden .
0	you should be embarrassed and ashamed to even be selling these !
1	my husband and i decided to try a new place tonight .
0	the reason why i rate this place low is the atmosphere is abysmal .
1	but , tonight was unacceptable and i expect an apology .
0	no acknowledgement when we arrive .
1	me and my wife went here for dinner tonight and the food was horrible !
0	but i did n't have a problem with that .
1	tonight was the first time i came to this restaurant .
0	fifteen minutes later , the waitress returned , but not with our food .
1	tonight i ordered the chimichangas .
0	i do n't even see how time warner is even in business !
1	tonight 's meal was beyond poor .
0	worst wendy 's i have ever had .
1	husband picked up dinner from here tonight .
0	_num_ strikes .
1	tonight was an absolutely horrible experience .
0	very annoyed and ignorant !
1	tonight was my second attempt here .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	but tonight , not so great .
0	the wait for someone to take our drink order was rather long .
1	i stopped on the way home tonight .
0	i took the olive oil off the table next to ours .
1	tonight i wanted to grab a quick brew before a yelp event .
0	i will tell people not to go there and i will never go back .
1	then 3rd was tonight , forgot an order of breadsticks , i ordered two .
0	cold cuts were good though pricey .
1	my steak tonight was small in size and one third of it was gristle .
0	we never got a call about the reservation time which was annoying .
1	came in tonight for monday night football , the place was empty .
0	-they did not install tires correctly .
1	tonight we decided to go back and had high hopes .
0	sorry wo n't be back !
1	really sad that we got treated so rudely when we arrived tonight .
0	two grape size tomatoes , and two thin slices of cucumber .
1	i was shocked at dillard 's in chandler tonight ( thursday ) .
0	it was n't very crowded , so we were seated right away .
1	tonight , i can not say the same about the chandler location .
0	its easy to be dissatisfied and rant about a customer services organization .
1	we were willing to try again , so we went for dinner tonight .
0	super dry and no good flavor other than the cole slaw .
1	i went here tonight after hearing good things about the place .
0	if you want no frills beer and bar food , they are no frills .
1	but tonight was terrible .
0	i 've had appointments with salon owners and never had to leave payment info .
1	just looking for karaoke bars for tonight and saw this place .
0	all of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go .
1	tonight they ran out of chips .
0	my husband ordered the margarita pizza & i ordered the shrimp tacos with rice .
1	we had dinner tonight and were so disappointed .
0	the worst best buy i have ever visited .
1	tonight , however was a different story .
0	but this place is downright disgusting .
1	this most recent was tonight .
0	now i really wish we would have .
1	just decided to try this place tonight on a whim .
0	but hey , it 's pittsburgh .
1	that being said , tonight was a disaster .
0	she said it was salty but the pasta was bland .
1	i called tonight and they said that they were too busy .
0	$ _num_ for two small hamburgers ?
1	and too top it off tonight our eggplant was raw .
0	come for the food and not the atmosphere or service .
1	tonight , the atmosphere was flat .
0	and thus my rating of meh .
1	tonight 's experience is one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
0	my meal was way over cooked .
1	the food we got tonight was laughable .
0	extremely slow service !
1	i went here for dinner tonight and had a horrible experience .
0	_num_ $ later , i tossed it and walked out , miserable .
1	so very disappointed tonight .
0	when i arrived , i was seated quickly and greeted by a stylist .
1	tonight , once again we had just ok food and way over paid .
0	but good lord , they 're just so loud !
1	after tonight , i wo n't be back .
0	got ta say , i 'm not a fan of this place .
1	after tonight , i will never eat there again .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	the cook on duty tonight was simply incompetent .
0	on top of that , the customer service sucked .
1	tonight , pedi was okay and mani was awful .
0	not a smart move on my part .
1	tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed .
0	simply awful !
1	just went there tonight for the _num_ cent wings on monday night .
0	not friendly .
1	visited this location for the first time tonight .
0	i did n't have an issue with the place or the other patrons .
1	went here to eat tonight for dinner .
0	i 've been a yelp user for years .
1	ordered my pizza tonight via website .
0	pleasant staff , but poor quality work .
1	had the worst experience tonight .
0	the service was not very good .
1	we are shopping on amazon tonight .
0	food is mediocre at best !
1	tonight was that night .
0	even at the discounted price we paid for queens feast we felt robbed .
1	even my beer was warm tonight .
0	so beware , you are paying to dollar !
1	the kitchen and management really fell through on this tonight .
0	poor service , crappy food .
1	they forgot part of our order from tonight .
0	i could n't stand to eat more than half .
1	we had dinner tonight and tried several dishes .
0	my main complaint with them is that they lied to me .
1	tonight was the night .
0	_num_ . )
1	unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight .
0	not worth the price .
1	everything was slow tonight .
0	considering the size of pittsburgh , the bus system here is actually pathetic .
1	we showed up at _num_ o'clock tonight and ask for a table .
0	completely unacceptable !
1	good thing i didnt have an event tonight and had to wear heels .
0	unfortunately , this place is pretty dirty .
1	so tonight was a different experience than in the past .
0	i 'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible .
1	my husband and i went tonight for dinner .
0	we were so looking forward to the food but our experience was awful .
1	ordered a pizza and their pizza fries for pick up tonight .
0	i ordered the chicken kabob .
1	we ordered `` dinner '' from here tonight and were seriously disappointed .
0	i 'm shocked , never thought men 's dress clothes were so pricey .
1	tonight , they lost at least ten patrons ( that i could see ) .
0	very disappointing meal .
1	i dine here frequently and tonight was a real disappointment !
0	dirty tables , i agree with the other reviews here .
1	tonight we dined on pasta and ass .
0	but that should be explained by the waitstaff when someone orders the meal !
1	service is always adequate but the server tonight ( matt ) was dreadful .
0	my `` squash '' side was lacking squash .
1	tried this place tonight after reading the reviews .
0	poor service , menu options not available , dirty utensils .
1	i was trying to find a place to have dinner tonight .
0	all in all , this was a negative experience .
1	tried this place for the first time tonight - will not be going back .
0	the visit i am reviewing was for take-out .
1	tonight , we called ahead for party of _num_ .
0	we normally delivery at work 2-3 or _num_ times a week .
1	tonight , we opted for take out as we had a sick child .
0	the drinks are very expensive but that 's every bar louie .
1	we stopped by tonight , a quarter to 9pm to get take out .
0	the salad was made with iceberg lettuce and did n't look appetizing .
1	tonight i had to wait over _num_ hours for my prescriptions .
0	the egg roll wasnt even cooked and the cabbage was awful .
1	tonight was definitely not their night .
0	very classy , wish i could remember her name .
1	but these were christmas presents and i needed them tonight .
0	not sure pino 's will get a repeat visit .
1	visited the gilbert restaurant tonight at 7pm .
0	and a lot has changed for the worst unfortunately .
1	we went tonight because i had an offer for a free birthday pizza .
0	no no .
1	awful does not begin to describe tonight 's experience .
0	it was n't terrible , inedible food , it was just ... .
1	my last visit here was much more pleasant than tonight .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
0	i would not recommend this place .
1	the food is great but tonight the service was miserable .
0	not off to a good start .
1	however , tonight i decided to try their new california bowl .
0	it had huge chunks of tomatoes , sausage , and cheese .
1	tonight was the final straw so to speak , we will not return .
0	worst dry cleaners ever .
1	my wife and i went to pf changs tonight for dinner .
0	so what was the point in an app ?
1	i 'm totally disgusted with this place tonight .
0	the bathroom was so inconvenient to get in and out of .
1	and sell hungry but will opt out of yelp for dinner tonight .
0	not because of the food but the attitude of those cashiers .
1	my wife and ate there tonight .
0	but this was our first visit , and we wo n't be back .
1	i got ta say , i had a less than desirable experience tonight .
0	in the meantime , date was unimpressed with the chicken .
1	i 'm quite annoyed that i wasted $ _num_ for dinner tonight .
0	not only was my order wrong but the lady was very grumpy .
1	stopped in for dinner tonight and was greeted promptly and seated very quickly .
0	one year after they cut that route after being there over _num_ years .
1	i had my reservations about stopping at this location tonight .
0	they lead me to each exit , and each time they were locked .
1	went for dinner tonight and was disgusted .
0	come on -- this is an `` asian bistro . ''
1	tonight , we got the thin crust .
0	nothing raw , nothing green , nothing fresh , not even as an ingredient .
1	tonight my chile rellenos were greasy and the egg batter was soggy .
0	they would not give me the dogs and work out a payment plan .
1	tonight , we had our meal as usual .
0	Negative
1	`` you guys have any specials running tonight ? ''
0	in all , it 's really nothing special , just very basic .
1	tonight was the worst in service and food .
0	the front desk staff was not interested in helping me checkin .
1	went there tonight .
0	i also plan to tell my family and friends not to shop here .
1	what happened to this place tonight i thought ?
0	i left extremely upset and no one cared .
1	tonight 's offering was a step above cafeteria chicken strips .
0	i might return for drinks but only drinks .
1	i will be taking my business elsewhere after my experience tonight .
0	the bartender looked at us but kept pouring drinks ( rude ! )
1	i tried pickles tonight for the first time .
0	either the batteries are almost dead or its just terrible .
1	and i tried again tonight .
0	pizza is pretty bland and there is nothing remarkable about it .
1	the second time , though , was tonight , valentine 's day .
0	he told me i had about _num_ minutes to get it .
1	as was the case tonight .
0	i 'm not sure if this is working hard or just desperate .
1	tonight was the last time .
0	the quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor .
1	she did n't even say she was sorry to any of us tonight .
0	seems like she do n't wanted to take care of the customers .
1	had dinner tonight and ordered the mango salad .
0	it was very inexpensive and i understand why .
1	i was just at a wine dinner tonight .
0	certainly , this was not worth the $ _num_ price .
1	it says that price tonight , march _num_ , on the newly updated website .
0	none of our food was good .
1	placed an order for delivery online for the first time tonight .
0	we also sent an order of chicken fingers back ... dryer than sand .
1	went tonight and ordered pad thai .
0	the balsamic vinaigrette was straight vinegar .
1	this experience tonight was really the bottom of the pack .
0	so we called back and asked for our money back .
1	i took it off , and took it back to the store tonight .
0	why did n't they do that in the first place .
1	tonight 's visit left a really bad taste in my mouth .
0	i am definitely not going to the place again .
1	tonight was definitely the last i 'll ever order here .
0	i was not impressed by anything here .
1	went here tonight for my sister 's birthday per her request .
0	no ketchup ?
1	i did not have a good experience here tonight .
0	i ordered the pasta trio , and my husband ordered the risotto .
1	something went wrong here tonight .
0	worst fast food i 've ever been to .
1	tonight we ordered again , this time the food was just horrible .
0	paid $ _num_ for three early bird specials - all three were beef broccoli .
1	our selection for tonight was rosita 's .
0	there did n't seem to be any seasoning of the meat whatsoever .
1	went here tonight , will never be back .
0	we mention our reservation , he says no problem _num_ min ... great !
1	tonight was an epic fail on customer service .
0	do n't waste your time or money at this denny 's .
1	so , tonight we ordered two linguini and meatballs to go .
0	i asked for a pen , not a kidney .
1	the bartender tonight ( jesse i believe ) did n't even greet us .
0	here is where my mistake happened .
1	i came in tonight ready to buy a bike .
0	_num_ sundaes were $ _num_ .
1	hubby and i met a couple of friends here for dinner tonight .
0	if anyone 's had theft problems , this may be why .
1	tonight i spent $ _num_ to feed my family .
0	completely unacceptable and disgusting to sell such expired food to your customers .
1	we just went for the first time tonight .
0	i will not be coming back .
1	tonight , however , was just awful .
0	but they use the cheapest meats they can find and you can taste it .
1	not many people in there tonight so the selection of pizza seemed minimal tonight .
