0	never going back .
1	for both sandwiches , the bread used was extremely bland and borderline stale .
0	go for drinks and nothing more .
1	tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency .
0	this is totally unacceptable .
1	they lacked the variety of bagels and cream cheeses i am used to seeing .
0	service was terrible !
1	maybe used to be an old house ?
0	well , this too was a massive disappointment .
1	used this company through my appliance warranty .
0	good place _num_ a large group to drink get apps tho .
1	the fees are reasonable and customers generally like using it .
0	this food is just crap .
1	this hotel does not live up to the westin standards i 'm used too .
0	i feel like the food is not flavorful and are always missing something .
1	i never used the sauna , so i can not comment on that .
0	i was really disappointed .
1	will not use this garage in the future .
0	only _num_ people in line when arrived .
1	did they use the tea pot as an ash tray ?
0	_num_ .
1	so dissapointed and will never use them again .
0	lidia 's was one of our favorite italian restaurant in the city .
1	produce could use a makeover .
0	first thing i noticed is the place was an absolute sauna .
1	we used to really like their lasagna and pizza .
0	absolutely horrible customer service .
1	i used to like this place as my hang out on friday nights .
0	but , the fast part for this location has struggled for a while .
1	i used to love this place , but the service is horrible now .
0	the hummus was okay , and our main plate seemed to be microwaved .
1	the lady used old acrylic and it made my nails yellow !
0	why in _num_ are hotels still doing this ?
1	i used to eat here all the time but they 've lost my business .
0	after all it is taco bell .
1	the ribs , on the other hand , could use some work .
0	i dropped off _num_ shirts at this establishment just before thanksgiving .
1	the food here used to be good now it 's trash .
0	i am extremely disappointed and will never order or recommend them for anything !
1	i am positive this bakery used to be better ... something has changed there .
0	and proceeded to scream at her for several minutes .
1	used hotwire to find a last minute deal when traveling through madison .
0	also had to dodge many foul balls .
1	i guess i 'm just not used to this feel .
0	the guy was obviously knowledgable about mattresses but he was rude and condescending .
1	if you use a teller you get charged $ _num_ for the month .
0	they were also extremely greasy and had zero flavor of any kind of sauce .
1	it used to my favorite place for barbecue .
0	this place is a train wreck .
1	a large group would not use any of these open tables .
0	i walked around .
1	i used to order takeout here once every month or so .
0	the selection here is stellar , but the prices are ridiculously high .
1	i 'm used to ordering medium and getting medium well at least .
0	told _num_ minute wait for food .
1	used to go there for tires , brakes , etc .
0	crappy service and food .
1	the worse ever do n't use this place .
0	went to getaway last night for famous fajitas .
1	third , they completely use too much dressing on their salads .
0	not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience .
1	i used to frequent this restaurant until what happened to me on april 3rd .
0	tasty , but not real butter pecan .
1	the character of the place was great but could use a little tlc .
0	this place is one of only a couple open in the burgh _num_ hours .
1	this is a store that could really use a face lift .
0	then we had _num_ different kind of pho for our main entree .
1	it should n't use up all my money or my patience .
0	nothing special in flavor or presentation .
1	what was set in front me looked nothing like what i was used to .
0	i was highly disappointed .
1	fine ... no big deal , i got to use my coupon .
0	other table was trying to check out and the bartender and manager ( ? )
1	will not use them again .
0	you do n't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that .
1	really disappointed - place is not as good as it used to be .
0	i feel like she treated me like a criminal .
1	the entire restaurant could use a thorough cleaning .
0	try their calamari over angel hair yum !
1	i do n't know why they could n't have used white flour .
0	very disappointed .
1	i will go out of my way to never use them again .
0	it was so bad , i would not dear to try again .
1	i use to pass by this place all the time .
0	terrible customer service .
1	i was shocked to see that they were using fake frozen meatballs .
0	i 've had bad experiences here a few times now .
1	we used to visit this place most every time we went to pittsburgh .
0	i will never go there again , and i recommend you do n't either .
1	i used to have really fond memories of this place as a kid .
0	took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done .
1	the chilli they use is worse than that mystery meat texas pete canned chilli .
0	what they said was `` i do n't know what you 're talking about .
1	it was poorly made and poor ingredients were used .
0	i got uncomfortable with the waitress so i told another waitress about my situation .
1	i am used to more creativity in rolls and this place was lacking .
0	ca n't comment on any other time but this really hectic one .
1	the potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing .
0	food was excellent but we hated the ambiance !
1	this used to be my favorite place uptown .
0	just a bit uncomfortable to see how much someone spent on an engagement ring !
1	manager is totally incompetent and has no idea how to use a computer !
0	we never got a call about the reservation time which was annoying .
1	this place barely uses any flavor other than salt and msg .
0	whoever gave this place _num_ or five stars must be out of their minds .
1	maybe they can use the money to buy some real food .
0	there were no parked cars visible from the road ; and _num_ ) .
1	i wo n't make the mistake of using union cab again .
0	the servers are polite , but extremely inattentive .
1	this used to be one of my favorite thrift stores .
0	ours was n't plain and simple .
1	the only thing you can use this worthless coupon on is their junk .
0	the bread was just sliced supermarket bread .
1	do n't use this company .
0	otherwise , you are better off skipping it .
1	only 2-3 tables were being used .
0	the food is n't fresh .
1	well , i did not know they would use arizona sand as the breading .
0	sometimes i ate there _num_ or _num_ times a month .
1	drove locally around charlotte for two days and used about 1/4 tank .
0	well they delayed the change for _num_ weeks so they could collect more longer .
1	the foods are not the same as they used to be .
0	let me start off by saying , i hate the dentist .
1	sad too i used to love outback .
0	wait , ceasar salad was ok !
1	it used to be good .
0	$ _num_ per salad ?
1	the macaroni was good , they used cream cheese or something that tasted okay .
0	_num_ .
1	luna used to be my favorite restaurant when it was on campus .
0	so we called back and asked for our money back .
1	i usually get the steak salad which used to be good .
0	no apologies nothing .
1	i used to really like outback in nj but i 'm in nc now .
0	for our main dish , we got the large order of spicy chicken rigatoni .
1	this used to be my favorite taco bell in the madison area .
0	harris grill , i think your menu is trying too hard .
1	the primary reason i used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions .
0	also , my package was stolen twice .
1	firstly , this place used to be free to the public .
0	worst customer service at this place .
1	i guess the thing is that it did n't used to be this way .
0	but did nothing to make up for it .
1	the roll they use for the burgers are awful !
0	what we came away with from this experience is to leave .
1	not so much on the inside but it could use a clean .
0	_num_ .
1	we had no problems using our admission ticket or parking ticket .
0	but sadly , i do n't see you at all in my future .
1	you also used pay phones because you did n't have a cell phone .
0	the pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible .
1	never ever use this company .
0	it was _num_ % breading .
1	now it just tastes so commercial not at all like it used too .
0	it was so underwhelming .
1	what a shame , because this course used to be a very nice facility .
0	there was no aroma from garlic or onion .
1	the almond torte used to be the best , hands down .
0	tip was $ _num_ .
1	i do n't get how they use better ingredients and it tastes terrible .
0	it looks like they do n't vacuum very often .
1	i used to like it alot .
0	in the meantime , date was unimpressed with the chicken .
1	seriously , you really expect people to use these pieces of junk ?
0	worst elevator system i 've ever come across .
1	used to be so much better .
0	i do n't want to be too mean .
1	first , why do they use ground chicken ?
0	the manager here needs better training .
1	do not use a mexican chef .
0	it was not superior by any means but very nice for the average express .
1	used to be one of my favorite places .
0	worst pizza i 've had in pittsburgh .
1	the place could use a little updating and tlc .
0	this was by far the worst `` pizza '' i 've ever had .
1	we had a cold hard breakfast , and restroom use was hardly allowed .
0	i told her that was no problem .
1	do not use this cleaner .
0	good store - rude owners and employees .
1	they used to have a white mocha but not anymore .
0	i also got a grilled swordfish salad which was bland as hell !
1	i 'm used to airports in cali where every seat has a charger .
0	i was horrible .
1	i used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired .
0	good idea , but poorly executed food .
1	not sure i will go back to use the other _num_ .
0	ambiance , like i said , left much to be desired .
1	after using the tools they 've just returned tools to this dirty mug .
0	i do n't like coleslaw .
1	let me just say that this used to be a place i loved .
0	a _num_ minute wait for a draft beer on a slow night ?
1	i have n't use their service yet .
0	so , i kept quiet against my better judgement .
1	you can tell they use cheap steak and lobster .
0	it was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice !
1	never use this place .
0	you 'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it .
1	john at the paint counter could use some customer service training .
0	i will never be back .
1	i used to frequent v cleaners & alterations .
0	your brand is being damaged because your staff does n't seem to care .
1	this use to be the go to place because the food was always consistent .
0	we did n't , as this was our first visit .
1	do n't use the drive-thru .
0	thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back .
1	this used to be a favorite .
0	he said , `` we only have _num_ .
1	do n't use this location .
0	we ordered spider sushi rolls , hawaiian chicken , and general tso chicken .
1	for anyone who uses self checkout at this store do not forget your bags !
0	you could n't pay me to go back to this place !
1	we will never use sam 's club again .
0	i also did n't love the service we received .
1	we also use this place to cater meal for our late working employees .
0	the sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing .
1	he had my money and had no more use for me .
0	the minus : the maintenance staff is always around .
1	do not use , awful experience !
0	we had dinner tonight and were so disappointed .
1	the sauces which used to be very special have become indifferent .
0	the cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert .
1	wo n't recommend and wo n't use them again .
0	food is mediocre service is lousy .
1	this used to be my favorite local waffle house .
0	well , this place is beyond horrible .
1	do not use their car wash .
0	disappointed in that .
1	they said if i printed it out , i could have used it .
0	the only interior cleaning was vacuum .
1	i am typically used to larger rolls with _num_ or _num_ pieces .
0	we ended up with our glasses 3/4 full and a watered down juice cocktail .
1	they do n't use their space well .
0	it is just way too expensive to live like in a trailer park .
1	this used to be my favorite steak house in charlotte .
0	awful customer service , rude and poorly managed .
1	i 've been using priceline for _num_ years almost on a weekly basis .
0	awful awful .
1	while waiting , i used the ladies restroom .
0	it was n't very hot either .
1	do not use these people , they are terrible .
0	employees would much rather carry inappropriate conversations for the work place than assist .
1	i would never use them again .
0	another appointment was setup , and yet again no call and no show .
1	do not use this dry cleaner .
0	that is the last money i will spend in that place .
1	also , do not use multiple credit cards .
0	the coffee maker is disgusting and smells .
1	not that we would have used it , but the pool was closed .
0	last week , i got a large and went back for more .
1	the place is dated and could use updating .
0	cheap , average diner food .
1	at home i 'm used to a cramped _num_ year old bathroom .
0	it was really , really , not good .
1	i did not use the comforter and one of the layers .
0	soups were borderline offensive .
1	i almost lost my appetite after using the women 's restroom .
0	this was such an absolutely horribly disappointment of a restaurant .
1	they must use very cheap product to lower their costs .
0	my brother was uncomfortable and embarrassed and just kept staring down .
1	she also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary .
0	thanks , but no thanks .
1	they clearly used too much oil and did not let the meat rest .
0	the bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time .
1	this used to be on my very short list of `` favorite '' restaurants .
0	out of five orders , only two were done correctly .
1	they use some oil which smell different that killed the taste of my pizza .
0	the service , however , was terrible .
1	this is place is no longer what it used to be .
0	also , no credit or debit cards here .
1	moral of this story : do not use cactus flowers .
0	the greens and yams were ok .
1	did n't michael 's used to be good ?
0	two and a half dollars more is not a little .
1	i will not be using the shower in the morning .
0	under no circumstances should you sit down before placing an order .
1	seriously , how many f words can you not use on a yelp review ?
0	service is always slow .
1	they used to have the vehicles towed just for having an expired plate .
0	i would not recommend the spring rolls they are kinda bland .
1	also , they did n't use chinese eggplant , which was sort of confusing .
0	no big deal .
1	excessive grease is used .
0	add on : the wifi is awful .
1	places like this should be using mystery shoppers to test and improve their service .
0	_num_ minutes later _num_ people still in line .
1	a friend of mine had a philly cheesesteak that used ground beef .
0	it 's tacky too hot .
1	_num_ ) they use canned whipped cream .
0	my burger was well done and dry .
1	check your credit and debit cards after use in carowinds !
0	do n't understand the hype .
1	ive been coming here for _num_ years and used to love this place .
0	no one could look at it because they had an appointment at _num_ .
1	i said to myself , this is unsanitary practices being used here .
0	i do n't recommend at all .
1	they still use an antique register at the front check out counter .
0	otherwise it was _num_ miles .
1	interior could use an update .
0	we sat and waited for more than _num_ minutes .
1	rarely are there any baskets for shoppers to use .
0	giant eagle should be ashamed of this establishment .
1	if you are going to shop here , do not use their delivery service .
0	started with the bathrooms ... rarely cleaned , rarely working .
1	it broke off after them using to sheer _num_ lamb !
0	pros : it 's like living in an apt .
1	tonight is the last time i use this giant eagle pharmacy .
0	this place is awful .
1	do not use these people for your dry cleaning needs !
0	ignoring the fact that i was unhappy and i did n't like it .
1	all patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross .
0	i should have known better given that it only had one positive review .
1	at one point , they even asked me not to use the shower .
0	this went one for _num_ minutes before we decided to get up and leave !
1	i have never used a business so poorly run .
0	but as i ate , i was even more disappointed .
1	there are about _num_ seating options , _num_ were used all the others empty .
0	horrible service !
1	not as good as it used to be , unfortunately !
0	two scrambled whole eggs , italian toast , and home fries .
1	this showmars used to be awesome .
0	one thing i like about the store is the proximity to my house .
1	they used real garlic and it was served with it - minced .
0	this place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms .
1	the beans in the tostada were cold , which i am not used to .
0	the crust was hard and flavorless .
1	i went honey bear 's with my wife to use a groupon .
0	terrible terrible customer service .
1	my rating used to be four stars , yes that 's four stars .
0	very dim lighting somewhere between romantic and creepy .
1	the chicken wings use to be one of the highlights of going here .
0	not a fan of the french bread .
1	poor customer service when trying to use reward from app .
0	poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality .
1	we used to love this place , but the food has gone way downhill .
0	you pay fees , they make laundry and garbage more and more inconvenient .
1	i will never use lowe 's for installation ever again .
0	no one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved .
1	it looks like something i could have created using visual basic in high school .
0	actually that is n't quite accurate .
1	there is an atm , but it has a $ _num_ charge to use .
0	one word ; gross .
1	seems like they used imitation cheese , because it certainly didnt melt .
0	the service here sucks .
1	sorry , i gotten very used to no smoking i public places in pittsburgh .
0	i am not changing my review nor am i removing it .
1	not as good as i used to come before .
0	the food is lousy .
1	i use to the this place but the management is horrible .
0	if they say yes , the bread is likely to be eaten .
1	and not giving real receipts ( they use hand written ones ! )
0	not best cake in america by a long shot .
1	i wo n't be using the credit towards future business .
0	i also wish that i could provide them with zero stars .
1	this used to be my favorite place .
0	as it were , i was n't impressed .
1	never again will i use hertz .
0	_num_ .
1	this used to be one of our favorite restaurants .
0	the last _num_ times getting it , i have had issues .
1	we use to like this facility very much .
0	this place is not worth the price .
1	however , i knew my husband wanted to use the gift card .
0	the sauce was not a good flavor at all .
1	there are no silverware to save you from the embarrassment of using your hands .
0	we called to make appointments together and the receptionist was rude !
1	we used a coupon from the paper for a _num_ topping _num_ cut sicilian .
0	finally , someone wandered in from the back and rang up our items .
1	i wrote an email using their contact us form and never heard anything back .
0	i 've been here a few times and have always been disappointed .
1	they also use poor quality cheeses that had little flavor .
0	the `` customer '' service and pharmacy are terrible at this location !
1	thank goodness we did n't have to use the bathrooms , beyond sketchy !
0	no waitress no one else walking around .
1	we used the laundromat and it is wicked nasty .
0	not really .
1	so we used these folks -- it was a disaster from the beginning .
0	this place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising .
1	half ass job for more money than i 'm used to spending .
0	employees are unhelpful and rude .
1	to use up a groupon , we had dinner there last night .
0	ugh , my coworker spread open the spinach leaf .
1	i used the fluff and fold service _num_ times .
0	the place was very busy and noisy .
1	used to be the best i 've ever had .
0	for shame !
1	a second issue has been seasoning , which used to be perfect .
0	not sure pino 's will get a repeat visit .
1	imo this was very stupid & we 'll not be using them again .
0	i spent $ _num_ and only ate the fortune cookie .
1	i could not use the pay at the pump feature with a credit card .
0	very small and uncomfortable .
1	well it 's not the place it use to be .
0	ultimately , i was n't very impressed .
1	it tasted like that yellow spray they use on grills .
0	came back and dropped them off and left again .
1	while we are talking about the meat - why use this garbage ?
0	atmosphere is awesome ... food is terrible .
1	they did not use our groupon correctly .
0	they do n't speak english and they do n't understand english .
1	fortunately it was only half price because of the groupon that i used .
