0	went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire .
1	never use the alterations department at david 's bridal at paradise valley !
0	i was highly disappointed .
1	in any case , i decided moon valley chiropractic is no longer for me .
0	waiter was not thrilled to be at work on a wednesday at 5pm .
1	i found one that i liked at sun valley .
0	the pho was nothing special and place was small and looks dirty .
1	best selection of used books in the valley .
0	unfortunately , i did not have the great experience others did .
1	i just want to say the green valley car wash is going downhill !
0	tip was $ _num_ .
1	and really overall my favorite grocer in the valley !
0	this place has the worst service i have ever seen .
1	celebrating _num_ birthday 's and they came from all over the valley .
0	menus for drinks and food have no prices .
1	too many other options in the valley to play .
0	why did n't they do that in the first place .
1	this highest rated restaurant in the valley was an embarrassment .
0	it 's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows .
1	i love food , and this is my favorite food in the valley .
0	very rude staff .
1	this place is one of the few remaining honest service centers in the valley .
0	extremely rude and condescending over the phone .
1	why oh why is n't their decent food in the sw valley ?
0	stay away unless you 're just buying tires !
1	best pizza in the valley of the sun !
0	my house is under 1,000 sf .
1	update : this place still has the best mexican food in the valley .
0	sounds weird , but i never felt so rushed in a _num_ hour dinner .
1	first off , this course offers the worst customer service in the valley !
0	why the hell was there a wait ?
1	to me this is the best cake bakery in the valley .
0	these hoagies are the most pathetic hoagies i 've ever seen or eaten !
1	likely one of the top deli 's in the entire valley .
0	crab cakes were awful .
1	she acted like i was wasting her time by asking questions about valley fever .
0	_num_ .
1	the worst pet store in the valley .
0	i ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce .
1	this is the best french bakery / bistro in the valley .
0	however , i can order a salad with french fries on it .
1	the worst car wash in the valley .
0	the worst best buy i have ever visited .
1	nice to see real mexican food remains in the valley .
0	i was grateful for justin since he was the most helpful to me .
1	go there , a great wine option in the valley .
0	and the chicken was very dry .
1	best mex seafood in the valley .
0	dont fall for it .
1	over all other businesses in the valley , i recommend this one .
0	i 've visited this store _num_ times .
1	but this place is probably the best in the valley .
0	he said no because we didnt discuss it .
1	this is one of the best asian restaurants in the valley !
0	not cool .
1	best panko , katsu , bento box style lunches in the metro valley .
0	our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that .
1	this is the best ihop in the valley .
0	no one seems to know how the public transportation system works .
1	i have tried many different nail salons in the valley but never been satisfied .
0	add on : the wifi is awful .
1	there are far more tastier places in the valley to spend your money on .
0	ca n't understand the big secret about that one .
1	the service at sun valley stereo is a cut above the rest .
0	the first time , i thought maybe i just got a bad batch .
1	this is the best place in the valley for pet supplies !
0	the dough has that typical bad salty cracker pittsburgh type taste to it .
1	i highly recommend sun valley stereo !
0	common areas needed to be vacuumed !
1	closest thing to nyc pizza this valley had .
0	they do not have 1/2 price apps !
1	thank you valley towing !
0	just not going back there .
1	this used to be my favorite starbucks in the valley .
0	everyone else at the table hated their food .
1	i highly recommend sun valley audio !
0	waitress was ok in attitude .
1	without exception , hillstone is the best casual restaurant in the valley .
0	the pie it self was a real mess .
1	the burgers are one of my favorite in the valley !
0	service was rough .
1	by far my favorite mexican place in the valley !
0	managed very poorly .
1	well worth the trip to phoenix if you live elsewhere in the valley .
0	the music the guys played was all stuff from like _num_ .
1	this pizza has to be one of the best in the valley .
0	fried items arrive a little on the cold and soggy side .
1	less than _num_ minutes from almost every part of the valley .
0	went for brunch and spent $ _num_ .
1	the bbq is n't that amazing especially compared to other places in the valley .
0	big groups of patrons led to pretty slow service .
1	$ _num_ large , fresh moist , best in valley .
0	however , from the get go , our host was absolutely terrible .
1	this is probably the worst mcdonald 's in the east valley .
0	cold food ?
1	my favorite course in the valley .
0	had this pizza been cooked , i feel like it would be subpar .
1	definitely a must try if you live in the valley !
0	whoever designed this place should be shot .
1	they also carry gorgeous flower arrangements cheaper than most other stores in the valley .
0	they booked me with a guy by the name of jason .
1	best french fries in the valley !
0	_num_ .
1	a refreshing change from all of the chains in the valley .
0	too many good italian places in pittsburgh to choose here .
1	one of my favorite treats in the valley !
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	quite possibly the worst massage i have gotten in the valley .
0	complete waste of life .
1	only location i like in the east valley is the one in gilbert .
0	i really do n't know what the hype is about .
1	best affordable wine list in the valley .
0	so here comes the story of walnut capital .
1	valley towing company was great !
0	another losing season .
1	worst place to live in green valley that 's for sure .
0	by this time , i was through with this place .
1	this is my favorite deli in the valley .
0	unfortunately , the wi-fi here is miserable .
1	the best mexican food i have found in the valley .
0	the owner gave that table to a local group who showed up after us .
1	best deli in the valley !
0	i am not a fan of this place .
1	so this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .
0	no dice .
1	nope ... just as bad here in green valley .
0	i asked if he is a doctor and she replied , `` no .
1	there are so many choices in the valley guys , look at these reviews .
0	( oh , heck no ! )
1	their diner side is the best mexican food in the valley .
0	but going here is always such a nightmare .
1	so sad to drive here from san tan valley for such disappointment .
0	singapore had this for their buses in _num_ !
1	best pastrami sandwich in the valley .
0	i am a ten minute drive from this location .
1	went for lunch after recently returning to the valley of the sun .
0	it was quite small though .
1	there are plenty of friendlier car washes in the vegas valley !
0	i checked out as quickly as possible and nearly ran out of the store .
1	great sandwhiches , best in the valley ... but prices are still too high !
0	do n't waste your time with this place .
1	this is the best place to watch theater in the valley .
0	the food sucks .
1	best in the valley !
0	and just leave this one alone .
1	worst dry cleaners in the valley !
0	_num_ .
1	my husband and i moved to the valley _num_ months ago from san diego .
0	long lines , overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait .
1	one of my favorite places to eat in the valley .
0	you disappointed me .
1	rosita 's place is one of my favorite mexican restaurant in the valley .
0	her first bite she made a sour face .
1	we were recently in henderson staying at the green valley ranch resort .
0	fish was not fresh .
1	i have many fond memories in the waffle houses around our dear valley .
0	both times it failed on a defective license bulb .
1	worst customer service i 've had golfing in the valley .
0	however , seconds never came .
1	i have been calling around to various bakeries around the valley about wedding cakes .
0	my bill : $ _num_ .
1	i was only needing blood drawn for valley fever test .
0	no salsa , no lettuce , guac , sour cream .
1	probably the best chinese that i have had in the valley .
0	_num_ .
1	( _num_ s. valley view , lv ) .
0	not sure why it would be featured on the show .
1	it is very difficult to find real carbonara in the valley .
0	had to pull forward and wait another ten minutes for food .
1	there is way many better italian food restaurants in the valley .
0	either way , on a saturday night , i would n't recommend going here .
1	save your time and let other dealer around valley make the money .
0	after waiting way too long to even be acknowledged , my order was taken .
1	do not go to green valley car wash !
0	this place is horrible .
1	this has to be the worst applebee 's in the valley .
0	wo n't be eating there again .
1	they are the best cleaners i have had in the valley .
0	our garlic bread came out literally black .
1	this is hands down the best overall mexican restaurant in the valley .
0	i had to leave without my order after _num_ minutes .
1	thank you , sun valley , for a job well done !
0	i waited _num_ minutes while being ignored by the receptionists .
1	one of my very favorites in the valley .
0	the beer is awesome i will admit and the servers are pretty attentive .
1	bill johnson 's has been in the valley forever .
0	the chocolate was too sweet .
1	this would n't pass for mexican food in the valley outside of fountain hills .
0	_num_ minutes to get our bread and _num_ to get our appetizers .
1	best ribeye in the valley .
0	this includes the broth and the chicken .
1	this is the worst staffed safeway in the valley .
0	know your customers , bring back the stew .
1	this is the worst costco location in the entire valley .
0	granted , i like to host social events .
1	green valley hand car wash is no longer ... it is a rip-off .
0	wo n't be going back .
1	they are the best in the valley .
0	finally on tuesday , i came out to the shop at _num_ am sharp .
1	my least favorite pita jungle location throughout the valley .
0	the chicken was like tasteless rubber .
1	one of the best cheese steaks in the valley !
0	they continued to stare for several minutes , unbelievably unprofessional .
1	i love the decor and paradise valley vibe .
0	but hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable .
1	they have been in the valley for years and i can understand why .
0	the penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor .
1	this is the best restaurant in the valley .
0	continuing on , check out was a nightmare !
1	tried this location expecting it to be like the happy valley location .
0	i ca n't imagine anyone liking this super bland cardboard !
1	for comfort food there is no better in the valley .
0	even the chips and salsa are n't terribly good .
1	my favorite chinese restaurant here in the valley !
0	so clearly lil off there ... other then that we order common breakfast .
1	one of the best sandwiches in the valley hands down .
0	i do n't know if i can ever return to buca .
1	the paradise valley location has extremely disappointing service !
0	first - the water at this establishment is disgusting .
1	green bananas can not be found anywhere in the valley .
0	the shrimp were dry and overcooked .
1	i have to say it 's the worst smelling la fitness in the valley .
0	first thing i knew was iffy was the meat and cheese plate .
1	best in the valley .
0	she was sooooo rude .
1	does anyone know good vietnamese restaurants in the valley ?
0	that is a downfall .
1	sun valley stereo is amazing !
0	this `` pizza '' was the worst food i have ever eaten .
1	luckily it 's all over the valley , we love it !
0	watch the dried bulk stuff - it 's old and stale .
1	not even the finest sushi chef in the valley could save you , benihana !
0	we also shared a pasta dish which was incredibly overpriced .
1	absolutely best mexican food in the valley .
0	_num_ .
1	who 's been screwed over by green valley car wash on sunset and sunset ?
0	they know they 're going to get customers in regardless .
1	if you 're craving sushi go to the southwest / spring valley .
0	avoid this location .
1	i went there with valley king and we spoke with jasmine .
0	the sheer size of it all was just too much too .
1	this is seriously where it is at pretty much all over the valley .
0	the little bit of bacon it did have was burnt .
1	best green chili burritos in the valley !
0	i thought the turkey was slimy and tasted weird .
1	one of my favorite spots in the valley .
0	like two weeks ago when i stayed here for three days ?
1	this is beginning to become one of my spots in the valley to shop .
0	made a one night stay $ _num_ .
1	worst service this year at any restaurant in the valley !
0	second , the sodas are not free refills !
1	i believe this is probably the best indian food in the valley .
0	the service has always been very slow .
1	my favorite mex food in the valley .
0	i probably will not return .
1	thanks valley towing for taking such good care of my sister 's car .
0	you 'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it .
1	by far the worst fry 's in the valley .
0	neither one greeted me or asked me what i would have like to order .
1	flavors is easily my favorite indian restaurant in the valley .
0	omg , the cheese cake ( at $ _num_ ) was very dry .
1	my super favorite place for iced teas in the valley .
0	this place is the worst , and i have never even stepped inside !
1	this is one of the worse courses in the valley .
0	totally not worth it , unless you just go for the fries and drinks .
1	by far the best zoo in the valley .
0	completely disappointing .
1	easily the best italian food in the valley .
0	$ _num_ side dishes .
1	still one of my favorite 's in the valley .
0	bland .
1	truly one of the great italian digs in the valley if not the best .
0	the place is rather run down .
1	pretty amazing how hard it is to find here in the valley !
0	no wonder the store was empty .
1	perfect location from all over the valley and a great experience .
0	i do not support this unethical business practice .
1	best barber in the valley .
0	my girlfriend ordered sesame chicken and it tasted like fish .
1	valley towing company was the worst company i ever have .
0	not a good first impression .
1	some of the best wings i 've ever had in the valley .
0	better than that , why was my pot sticker appetizer in my beer ?
1	my quest for indian food in the valley continues .
0	the two times i 've been there i was unhappy .
1	i 've been coming to this place since i moved to the valley .
0	way too much hype for such underwhelming food .
1	thank you to the wonderful staff at this great and special valley restaurant .
0	going downhill ... ... man , what happened to this place ?
1	i absolutely recommend sun valley stereo for both their prices and service .
0	however , as a guest , i would not go back .
1	paradise valley wet seal , i will definitely not be returning .
0	hmm a bit misleading .
1	i never went back , went to green valley animal hospital .
0	it was just really lackluster in my opinion .
1	one of the cleanest denny 's in the valley and i recommend this location .
0	the spaghetti and meatballs were very bland .
1	my favorite place in the valley for calzones the size of your head !
0	anyways , horrible experience .
1	by far my favorite restaurant in the valley .
0	the salads came out and the plates were a little sloppy in appearance .
1	but best of all , they are the most reasonably priced in the valley .
0	i was sick to my stomach when i left .
1	do not move in or deal with green valley country club !
0	its only been in new york and dc for years !
1	this is the best european specialty repair shop in the phoenix valley !
0	brutal .
1	this used to be our go-to chinese restaurant in the east valley !
0	i gave her a call and she did n't pick up .
1	simply the worst pizza in the valley .
0	each time , i ask myself , `` why am i going back ? ''
1	their bloody marys are probably my favorite in the valley .
0	the food was underwhelming and pricey .
1	one of the best indian buffets in the valley .
0	the baked potato was awful and the service was mediocre .
1	this maybe one of the worse stores in the valley .
0	if you are under _num_ you must be accompanied by a _num_ year old .
1	hands down one of the best mexican import store in the valley .
0	no hostess coming up .
1	this is the most disgusting mobile pet grooming company in the valley .
0	small , overcrowded , unfriendly staff .
1	the chicken katsu was unfortunately the worst i 've had in the valley .
0	this visit was n't horrible , but definitely kinda unpleasant .
1	today was our first time at green valley ranch location thanks to groupon .
0	take a hard right down aisle _num_ and then you hit the bakery .
1	only place i will go for pizza in the entire valley !
0	i was a customer for approx _num_ yrs .
1	i think it is one of the worst in the valley .
0	service was just awful .
1	one of the best ( in a small joint ) in the valley .
0	the older man that took us to the table could have done nicer .
1	my new favorite sushi place in the valley .
0	great service but the sashimi was bad .
1	one of my fave music venues in the valley !
0	this place does not accept credit cards in the year _num_ .
1	best italian sub i 've had in the valley !
0	which is just weird in a restaurant setting .
1	they now suck and they used to be my favorite in the valley !
0	i do n't really have a good review for this place .
1	the worst hospital in the valley and more than likely in the country .
0	for dinner i ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes .
1	amazing service and trustworthy , coming from someone who just moved to the valley .
0	in a very rude voice .
1	i came to this place years ago when i first moved to the valley .
0	however , i gave this place two stars instead of one .
1	why would we with all the numerous steakhouses in the valley ?
0	after the renovation the place lost its center !
1	worst worst worst mex in all the valley .
0	i think they probably deserve better .
1	it 's a great spot in the valley .
0	the management is horrible and never understanding .
1	best italian beef i 've had in the valley .
0	okay thai food , nothing special , and overpriced .
1	the worst i have played in the valley .
0	i mean thin like salad dressing , runny , thin .
1	some of the best mexican food in the valley !
0	disappointing experience after almost a year since the last time i was here .
1	worst mexican in the valley .
0	i ca n't begin to express my disappointment in your establishment .
1	the best english pub in the valley in my mind .
0	we ordered the `` pitt burger '' and boy was it disappointing .
1	juan 's is by far the greatest mexican food spot in the valley .
0	this is the worst chinese food i have had in a long time .
1	it is the best mexican restaurant in the valley .
0	but all of the pretzel bun sandwiches are n't that great .
1	this is one of many bland buffets in the valley .
0	this place was disgusting !
1	this has to be one of the best mexican food restaurants in the valley .
0	poor customer service when trying to use reward from app .
1	shopped around on the phone with several valley hd dealerships .
0	this place is trashy .
1	one of my all time favorite restaurants in the valley .
0	the egg roll was soggy and cold .
1	the best indian food in the valley hands down .
0	so all-in-all , the food was sub-par at best .
1	best chicago style hot dogs and italian beef in the valley .
0	smoky , but not horribly so .
1	in the past gas runs $ _num_ more then anywhere in the valley .
0	the food was unremarkable .
1	but this location has to be one of the worst in th valley .
0	no `` thank you '' or `` have a good day '' .
1	costco is pretty much the same where ever you go in the valley .
0	horrible .
1	hidden gem of the valley in my book .
0	waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks .
1	best sandwiches in the valley !
0	they have completely horrible , rude customer service reps .
1	my favorite spot for mexican food in the valley .
0	szechuan beef tasted like ketchup .
1	it is typically bands just starting out , not established valley bands .
0	first off , i like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible .
1	best ramen place in the valley .
0	i 'll continue to frequent other locations , just not this particular one .
1	nope , too many other cool spots in the valley for kids .
0	i was disappointed with the seafood salad .
1	this is the worst location in the valley .
0	food is cheap but portions are small .
1	the gang at sun valley stereo is definitely top notch .
0	i 've had a lot of bad experiences at this store .
1	hope they open more locations in the valley !
