0	every interaction seems designed to make people feel awkward .
1	if u are someone who values customer service this isnt the place for you .
0	thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table .
1	reliable , professional and great value .
0	no hostess coming up .
1	got my free birthday meal and just substituted it for something of equal value .
0	not my scene whatsoever !
1	the value just is n't there either .
0	_num_ .
1	obviously they do n't value their own merchandise .
0	i also thought it was extremely over priced .
1	so they lost another star for over priced for the value i received .
0	sad to say , my entree was a little bland .
1	in the end ... there are better values out there for sure .
0	i was given a _num_ dollar gift card .
1	customer value is not a concern of his it 's apparent .
0	i would not leave my dogs there .
1	a very good value for your money .
0	for our dinner , we were given a salad , entree , & tiramisu .
1	well after talking with him i feel even less valued .
0	no manager on duty for the busy morning rush .
1	big portion for a lunch price so great value !
0	she was sick six ways to sunday .
1	the price they allowed for my trade was $ _num_ below blue book value .
0	price : tasty is cheap .
1	if you value your money , your car , and patience .
0	the first time , i thought maybe i just got a bad batch .
1	customer service is not a strong value at this restaurant .
0	do n't get me wrong , i wanted to like this place .
1	bad value overall .
0	i can not recommend this salon .
1	the taco was not good value for $ _num_ .
0	if you have an emergency , go to the vca castle shannon animal hospital .
1	stay away from this shop if you value your hard earned money .
0	first , they charge for beer and wine .
1	good indian food and a great value for lunch .
0	my dad would always take me to this place when i was little .
1	stay way ... far away if you value your belongings .
0	the total was $ _num_ and change .
1	else , you will find better value and experience elsewhere .
0	the technique of the haircut is so poor .
1	what you are getting for that value is not the same .
0	he gave me big time attitude and commented that i took it apart .
1	again , very poor value .
0	i probably wo n't be returning for a hair appointment .
1	avoid the store like the plague if you had any value on your time .
0	it 's just not that good .
1	plenty of food , so good value for the prices .
0	not worth the $ _num_ .
1	this was supposedly a $ _num_ retail value .
0	i am standing waiting for our table _num_ minutes past our time .
1	groupon says it 's $ _num_ value - it 's a total rip off .
0	however , my dish was nothing to brag about .
1	definitely a great value !
0	i took the olive oil off the table next to ours .
1	great value for the money .
0	while that was decent , it was n't exciting either .
1	it is n't really a good value either .
0	( i believe it was $ _num_ total . )
1	great value for the price .
0	that being said , this place was not good .
1	a horrible value for the quality of food served .
0	she paid top dollar for the tree because she believed it was guaranteed .
1	at no point did i feel valued as a customer .
0	food remains ok but prices have more than doubled .
1	want to be treated like a low life instead of a valued customer ?
0	the one other time that i had been there the service was so-so .
1	low value , mediocre food and bad service equals no thanks .
0	worst bar i have ever been to .
1	they have daily specials and combos that are a good value .
0	we should have requested another waitress at that moment .
1	the value for quality is n't there .
0	this is not even worthy of the name .
1	finally have had enough apparently they do not value my business .
0	they did not offer me a chance to pay for it .
1	fresh , consistent and a great value .
0	basically , this was the worst roll i could imagine .
1	the toys are often better quality and educational value than the ones in stores .
0	if you are dragged here by your friends , find new friends .
1	they place no value on customer satisfaction .
0	do not use these people for your dry cleaning needs !
1	not a value , even with groupon .
0	ok , i did , and i stopped eating .
1	this hotel was rated poorly based on price and value .
0	after all the garbage food you get unbelievable attitude .
1	not too thrilled with the value of a groupon from sports pub .
0	i dread it at this point .
1	i would avoid the guy if you have anything worth value .
0	$ _num_ wasted because i never got my massage .
1	copper is the owner and does not value repeat clients !
0	i was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed !
1	i 'm military so i live my life by my _num_ army values .
0	but this was nasty .
1	great value for a stay in north charlotte .
0	maybe i 'm spoiled with good vietnamese food but this was terrible .
1	there is nothing more frustrating than feeling as if your time is not valued .
0	no less than _num_ minutes .
1	if you truly value your health , do not use this physician !
0	wrong .
1	they do not value their customers .
0	sad , very , very sad .
1	tremendous value for $ _num_ per person .
0	needless to say i do n't think i will be returning .
1	come on , for what i spent what a terrible value !
0	anything will taste better drenched in gravy .
1	first time in pittsburgh , a great value !
0	for many , many years i had the same massage therapist .
1	no consideration to the value of our time .
0	i was very disappointed .
1	i do not feel valued and will not be a repeat customer .
0	someone needs fired !
1	do n't get in these cabs if you value your life .
0	they refuse to put a camera in the package room , parking lot too .
1	are the winners in taste , value and price .
0	needless to say , we were disappointed .
1	not a good value for the money .
0	for salad , they only served `` caesar salad '' .
1	this is n't a good value in my opinion .
0	it 's not .
1	terrible value but the steaks were good .
0	service could have been better .
1	avoid this place your not valued at all from the feeling i got .
0	she over charged us for her very badly made drinks .
1	for value and professionalism , stick with my sister 's closet .
0	the whole experience was absolutely ridiculous .
1	definitely the best value in the area as far as asian buffet goes .
0	what i received reminded me of mrs grass soup .
1	if you value your vehicle do not do business with this company .
0	i was exceptionally disappointed .
1	if you value your health , stay the hell away from this place !
0	my first visit was to the one in south hills .
1	it 's not the schools responsibility to teach these values .
0	thus station needs more amenities and a makeover to compete with the dc one !
1	a delicious dinner well worth the value !
0	when i asked the receptionist where the stylist was , she did n't know .
1	true value usually has lower prices too .
0	he can not get the shape right to save his life .
1	nice large room and good value .
0	they then corrected it and charged me a flat fee of $ _num_ .
1	their other food is n't a great value either .
0	this school is a terrible deal for what you pay .
1	no value whatsoever .
0	the two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though .
1	great value for what we paid .
0	i will never step foot in this place again .
1	ladies are trying on dresses valued anywhere from $ _num_ to $ _num_ .
0	if i could give signature desserts _num_ stars , i would .
1	let alone very poor value for portion size .
0	gross .
1	good quality , great value , in a comfortable laid-back environment .
0	just a poor design all around .
1	much better value for money spent .
0	the drive-thru is only slightly faster at 10-15 mins .
1	do not shop at this store if you value your time .
0	perhaps next time we 'll just stop by for drinks instead .
1	they made me feel like a number and not a valued patient .
0	no idea why a restaurant owner would keep their place in this way .
1	terrible value .
0	_num_ ) $ _num_ tip even though the owner is the server .
1	i am very disappointed in the quality and value of the merchandise .
0	it also was n't the cleanest place i 've ever seen .
1	lunch specials are really good value .
0	_num_ .
1	if you value your vehicle , time and money , do not go here .
0	just awful .
1	do the math people , that is _num_ times the market value .
0	you get off the elevator on the 5th floor .
1	the only reason to check this place out is for its historic value .
0	it 's really sad actually .
1	$ _num_ for _num_ sandwiches and chips is a solid value .
0	horrible atmosphere for the food on the menu in parts .
1	great value !
0	that 's why i 'm looking for my cup now .
1	amazing service and value wins every time in my book .
0	nothing to talk about .
1	the price is a great value .
0	my salad had a rotten tomato and a hair ( not mine ) .
1	the groupon cost $ _num_ with an advertised value of $ _num_ .
0	i dont know , i do n't care .
1	very good value for the food .
0	horrible experience more than once .
1	this shows they care about their customers and value the business !
0	not at this place .
1	the value of the records varied from $ _num_ to $ _num_ .
0	no flavor , soggy french fries , over sauces wings .
1	the value of the food compared to the price is good .
0	again , stale and moldy .
1	it 's clear this airline does not value their customers .
0	_num_ strikes .
1	didnt really feel like i was a valued guest .
0	ugh .
1	the room rates were higher then the advertised value rates .
0	this time , the staff were new , loud and mean .
1	there are too many other mexican restaurants in town for a greater value .
0	no bueno .
1	does n't value paying customers !
0	cutting too many corners .
1	just not a good value for the $ .
0	i did like that the almonds stayed crispy even through shipping .
1	there was absolutely no value to it at all .
0	i was originally told it would take _num_ mins .
1	no value for money !
0	terribly salty `` lobster roll '' on greasy bread .
1	and the extended warranty is a must have , very good value !
0	what an embarrassment .
1	do n't waste your time - go somewhere else that values its customers .
0	only _num_ people in line when arrived .
1	probably the worst value around .
0	so clearly lil off there ... other then that we order common breakfast .
1	is always added making a marginal value very much less so .
0	not the drivers fault .
1	value of the spa pedicure is awful .
0	total time spent _num_ hour for a $ _num_ drink .
1	lunch was an outstanding value .
0	the food was also not too good .
1	then they offered me _num_ % of the value of the card .
0	ok , so they were n't bad , but the fish was dry .
1	good food , great value , friendly staff , fast .
0	my appointment was at 8:30 am , i was on time .
1	i value my health too much to try it again .
0	it 's clear that they do not care at all .
1	great value for a low cost .
0	_num_ per person not worth it .
1	ive always valued her opinion but now i 'm completely frustrated .
0	everything else we had sucked .
1	okay store , they do n't offer double coupons , only at face value .
0	i sent that back , and ordered the sea bass .
1	great value , great experience !
0	but sadly , it was n't .
1	terrific value , low price , excellent service .
0	did n't get any refills .
1	we take my father , probably for amusement value @ this point .
0	there were no pictures hung in the room to improve the appearance .
1	this small boutique hotel is a gem and a tremendous value .
0	for real , wasting money for wrong order !
1	nice place , good value , great service .
0	this is not an exaggeration .
1	super great value !
0	this is a review of their business practices online .
1	great value , clean , well lit store .
0	no thanks .
1	the value is in the mongolian stir fry .
0	i will never place an order for me & my coworkers again .
1	good rate , but there are much better values nearby .
0	i felt like i spent $ _num_ for absolutely nothing .
1	if you appreciate the value of your money do not stay here !
0	also , not one of us got ours cooked as ordered .
1	i did n't feel like a valued customer .
0	she was very uncomfortable .
1	bad values all around .
0	`` again i ask oh really is there nothing you can do ? ''
1	great value .
0	just really lots of junk .
1	for the prices , not a real good value .
0	the entrees are horrible .
1	if you value customer service do n't stay here .
0	do not stay here .
1	do n't go here they do n't value customers .
0	if i were to go back , it certainly would not be to eat .
1	pizza was tasty and a good value .
0	no apologies , no offer to comp a side or a dessert .
1	they kept my property , two rings valued at over $ _num_ .
0	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
1	value : this is where they truly shine .
0	i stayed at this motel for _num_ nights ( june 19th & 20th ) .
1	i will not spend my money somewhere that they do not value their customers .
0	this is an odd little cvs .
1	i never go to target because of the prices not being the best value .
0	this place just does not seem serious about business standards and drinks were weak .
1	this hotel is a fantastic value for the money .
0	but i did n't have a problem with that .
1	no value for money .
0	the food was mediocre .
1	$ _num_ on two chicken sandwiches plus value onion rings .
0	total for one waffle cone with sprinkles = $ _num_ .
1	at $ _num_ it was definitely not a good value .
0	the ricotta was dumped on top and added nothing to the dish .
1	no value .
0	totally not worth it , unless you just go for the fries and drinks .
1	if your worried about christian values then teach them at home .
0	i gave this place two tries and was disappointed both times .
1	we will not return as price vs value and quality does not exist .
0	not worth it .
1	as for me , i prefer someone who values me and my time .
0	dogs also get some time to run in a huge play area outside .
1	no value at all .
0	_num_ .
1	john apparently does not value customers .
0	it 's slow , portions are smaller and the staff is terrible .
1	but the brunch is a divine value .
0	some drivers can be surly or just downright ignorant .
1	overall , i did not feel valued as a customer .
0	slowest deli department in town .
1	overall a great value for what it offers .
0	the bread was just sliced supermarket bread .
1	i 'm giving the low rating because this is not good value for money .
0	they would not give me the dogs and work out a payment plan .
1	great value and just a fun place to go .
0	can not justify giving money to someone who runs their business in that manner .
1	the groupon was for a total value of $ _num_ .
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	too expensive , poor value !
0	cheap , average diner food .
1	good luck trying to get a ticket at face value .
0	and a generally miserable experience .
1	they clearly do not value your clothes or your business !
0	ugly .
1	zero value .
0	i personally would not go back , even though the food was fantastic .
1	although my meal was discounted by half , it was still a terrible value .
0	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
1	less than _num_ % of the value .
0	the salad was ... nothing short of horrific .
1	first time by myself was positive , good value breakfast , nothing went wrong .
0	the breakfast bar is lame .
1	apparently , reservations are not valued here .
0	however some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross .
1	the service is terrible , and very overpriced for the apparent value .
0	service was indifferent , at best .
1	food is overpriced ... not a good value .
0	first , all of the food was extremely overpriced .
1	low rating is for price vs. quality , and value .
0	disappointed .
1	_num_ min and counting , i wo n't be returning i value my time .
0	i have never in my life seen anything like it .
1	food quality and value are poor !
0	it was n't overly crowded which made it easy to get drinks .
1	good value .
0	ick !
1	terrible establishment with terrible values as a business .
0	sadly , the professionalism of the front desk never got better .
1	very polite service , and delicious food at a great value .
0	bad business practices are very disappointing .
1	save your money - there 's no value to be had in this restaurant .
0	same goes for milk , cold cuts and breakfast meat products .
1	i always left feeling as though i received good value .
0	not a fan of the service .
1	i would not go back , very poor value .
0	i did n't even say goodbye to the friend who had brought me there .
1	good value , good taste , clean place , smile on the staff .
0	cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza ?
1	that is , prices are neither too high nor are they particularly good values .
0	but their pizza was remarkably terrible .
1	there was no value whatsoever in our meals .
0	too bad .
1	longhorn consistently provides a good value and great food .
0	two of my colleagues also have lost stuff in this hotel .
1	this place is a terrible value .
0	if no stars could be given that would be more accurate .
1	there 's no value in them .
0	it is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well .
1	i agree with the reviewer who said `` no value at all . ''
0	did n't see a manager until after 10:30 pm .
1	good value for the money .
0	bad service , bland food .
1	not worth the value .
0	for dinner i ordered the pan seared scallops with red mashed potatoes .
1	they do n't value your time .
0	that has no chicken .
1	wrong orders , super delayed service , and no value for customers .
0	i do n't like chains a lot , but some i tolerate .
1	do not leave anything in your car that you value .
0	mens room did n't have any paper towels to dry hands with .
1	i mean , we went here thinking we would get a good value .
0	i could get food faster in a prison cell .
1	but for $ _num_ , the value factor drops it to a poor .
0	gross !
1	i would rather spend my money at a place that values it 's customers .
0	treated badly .
1	there daily _num_ dollar specials are a great value .
0	on a tuesday night , there was a long wait .
1	not a good value in my book .
0	never again ... .
1	great service and value .
0	another twenty six minutes pass and husbands food comes .
1	this is a casual restaurant , good value , with a charming family feel .
0	total waste of $ _num_ bucks .
1	you will not get great value here .
0	if anyone 's had theft problems , this may be why .
1	not a good value at all .
0	i do n't think i 've ever encountered such a miserable bunch of people .
1	however the advertised value and the actual value are not the same .
0	no beer either .
1	a built in delivery fee $ _num_ and average flavor and pitiful value .
0	the cheese pie was pretty bad .
1	attempted to sell a toyota with a $ _num_ blue book value .
0	the views are not worth it .
1	just sad not be appreciated as a valued long time player .
0	clearly she had a nasty cold and should 've stayed home that day !
1	the pricing for value literally is insulting .
0	pasta trio had the worst sauce i have ever tasted .
1	brought them to a shelter where they would get more value .
0	nobody tried to even convince us to stay .
1	no one values customers and only care about their phones and themselves .
0	the rooms were clean but i would not stay here again .
1	if you value and respect your time , do not bring your car here .
0	the next morning we went down to the front desk again .
1	in my opinion this company does not care about our home values .
0	the steak consisted of three small thinly sliced pieces of ... .
1	no values and no line for tax added .
