0	also , not one of us got ours cooked as ordered .
1	even the vegas roll was less than .
0	does n't even deserve one star !
1	i hate the mexican food in las vegas for the most part .
0	battered and fried .
1	not in mood to go back when in vegas next time .
0	very sloppy !
1	spent our anniversary weekend in vegas with another couple .
0	this place just keeps getting worse and worse .
1	conclusion , worst hotel ever in vegas .
0	the entrance to this location always smells like spoiled milk .
1	worst place to eat in vegas .
0	there has to be better gyms in the area .
1	i have never had a bad vegas roll .
0	a group was sat without the reservation ahead of us .
1	being in a las vegas outlet mall was the poor explanation for this change .
0	i asked our server why they had n't mentioned this when we came in .
1	this is one of the worse ross i been to in las vegas .
0	i can not review the food .
1	will not be returning on any future trips to vegas .
0	terrible experience !
1	the ambiance was nice -- very old school vegas -- an older clientele .
0	)
1	but it was a saturday night in vegas !
0	the price was extremely high for food that was bland and not impressive .
1	you do n't find many old-school restaurants like that in vegas anymore .
0	its just sooo unprofessional and annoying .
1	go to the buffet @ asia on flamingo and eastern ave , las vegas .
0	i would n't eat this pizza if it was free .
1	it 's located in chinatown about _num_ minutes away from the las vegas strip .
0	service was okay not the greatest but not the worst either .
1	waited _num_ hours for nothing in the hot vegas sun !
0	then there 's the main restaurant that i really was n't that impressed with .
1	once , you were the only reason i really enjoyed coming to las vegas .
0	the drinks are not so great .
1	they 're so many better seafood options in vegas .
0	down the street is a better option - wish they were open for lunch .
1	in vegas , you get ripped off just about everywhere you turn .
0	the runny quinoa was a mess and hard to boot .
1	another thing about las vegas : it 's hot .
0	very disappointing .
1	i 'm spoiled by the outlet mall in vegas cuz this one sucks .
0	will not be returning .
1	like vegas is the biggest rip off city .
0	but the clams casino were inedible .
1	of all the transportation options in vegas , do n't use this company .
0	i do n't blame it on the servers but whoever manages the place .
1	i 'm from california and i brought my dog with me to las vegas .
0	prices were not listed on that daily special menu sheet either .
1	a wan na be vegas or miami look .
0	my expectations for mcdonalds are t rarely high .
1	this is the worst strip club in vegas !
0	fail .
1	there 's plenty of other casinos in vegas and this does n't even compare .
0	made the same mistake 2x by going to these clowns .
1	the greens were the worst i 've seen around vegas in the last year .
0	what an ordeal !
1	by far the worst internet in las vegas .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	opt for another boba place when you 're in vegas .
0	_num_ .
1	the vegas rolls were way too messy .
0	she over charged us for her very badly made drinks .
1	there are plenty of friendlier car washes in the vegas valley !
0	it 's my fault , i guess .
1	next , stop vegas better business bureau !
0	potatoes or pasta are always included with marsala .
1	overall , not my favorite theater in vegas .
0	not sure about the food handling practices here .
1	best pho in vegas but the service is slow and horrible .
0	delivery was late , our gyros were cold and fries were soggy .
1	vegas store is not good at all .
0	_num_ .
1	from the henderson location to north vegas ?
0	bar food none too exceptional .
1	and driving las vegas sucks !
0	i 'm not a beer drinking novice .
1	just terrible for vegas standards .
0	when i got the food it was cold and i was so disappointed .
1	this place wins the worst pho in las vegas .
0	yeah , that sounds like `` nothing 's wrong '' .
1	so disappointed its friday night in vegas .
0	disappointing .
1	absolutely the worst company in las vegas .
0	we will not be going back .
1	think being in a trashy part of vegas sounds like your dream get away ?
0	very disappointed with this dry cleaner .
1	the decor is very old school vegas .
0	horrible food .
1	there were children everywhere , which i think is completely inappropriate for vegas .
0	this is not the courtyard i was expecting .
1	so glad rosati 's is out here in las vegas .
0	the shrimp were dry and overcooked .
1	drove way the hell out craig in n vegas to find it .
0	i went into dean of shadyside salon to get my hair colored .
1	all in all a really bad experience for the first time being in vegas .
0	skip this place if you do n't want to feel ill after dining .
1	this is the worst buffet i ever met in vegas !
0	was told there would be no problem .
1	( las vegas blvd & charleston ) .
0	the dough , sauce , cheese ... even the pepperoni was bland .
1	the tea station in vegas is just horrible !
0	not even remotely convenient .
1	they might have had my future business on my _num_ rentals in vegas .
0	not worth the trip .
1	not so much in vegas , but all over california .
0	we will not be back .
1	that being said , vegas could really use some competition here for internet service .
0	i would n't order food here , again .
1	we normally stop by here to eat when we r in vegas .
0	her first bite she made a sour face .
1	we will not visit again when we are in las vegas .
0	i was quoted $ _num_ for them to get it off .
1	what a shame as this place is like the last chance in vegas !
0	my experience at this friday 's was not what i was expecting .
1	have not seen prices this high in all of las vegas .
0	why would anyone even pay for such lousy food ?
1	there are many other steak houses in vegas that do it much better .
0	this is the absolute worst steak n shake i 've ever been to .
1	average mexican food served in a vegas style setting .
0	i 'm begging you .
1	i was disappointed i was just greeted with a hello here at las vegas .
0	this is what some would refer to as , terrible and heavy .
1	i 'm sure i can find better pho places in vegas .
0	estimated delivery time _num_ minutes actually delivery time _num_ minutes .
1	i visiting vegas from la and was trying to get gas before driving home .
0	why did you return there if you were so unhappy , you might ask .
1	the worst experience i had with a mechanic here in las vegas .
0	and then just stood there waiting to write my order down .
1	probably the worst ulta in vegas .
0	another waste of time , wait until people my age get old .
1	this seems to be the only pho place vegas people go to .
0	i wish i could give a no star review for this location .
1	this was absolutely the worst experience i 've ever had in vegas .
0	i ended up buying american tires for the same price elsewhere .
1	our flight landed in vegas at like 1am and bell trans kiosk was closed .
0	the pho was nothing special and place was small and looks dirty .
1	do n't stay here especially if you are getting married in vegas .
0	worst food in pittsburgh .
1	worst experience in vegas ever : / .
0	and this is n't even the halfway point to philly .
1	no longer one of my favorite vegas restaurants .
0	his poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday .
1	literally every store in vegas has terrible employees and service .
0	or , they can pick-up the entire set and provide _num_ % credit .
1	i 'm surprised this place is approved by the health code in las vegas .
0	wrong .
1	we live in vegas so we were nearby and figured it would be cheap .
0	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
1	not impressed in las vegas with the `` providers '' .
0	i guess because the big box stores are cheaper and maybe more accessible .
1	it is impossible to find good chai in las vegas .
0	_num_ .
1	in vegas , off the strip , really .
0	we will not be going back !
1	vegas , even for work , should not be such a crappy experience .
0	it just was n't as authentic as i was hoping for .
1	even though los tacos is one of my favorite taco stands in las vegas .
0	i do not eat sushi , however my husband does .
1	ok , i can understand it 's vegas and drunk people break things .
0	too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
1	walking into macayo 's is like entering a buffet restaurant in a vegas casino .
0	the bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence .
1	i would recommend everyone to try the worst chinese food in las vegas .
0	the food was awful .
1	this is by far the worst papa johns in vegas .
0	some customers may like it , me , not so much .
1	worst car wash in las vegas .
0	rode my bike out to meet my old man .
1	ended up purchasing from bmw of las vegas .
0	went to soba to celebrate my sons birthday .
1	they are a disgrace to las vegas .
0	pasta trio was bizarre .
1	the worst watch repair shop in las vegas .
0	it 's not fair for the customers or for the servers .
1	when we left vegas , we canceled the service , and everything was cool .
0	first , i 'll walk you through my experience .
1	i used to live in vegas and this has always been a locals casino .
0	a good family dollar this is not !
1	las vegas is a large enough city - it should be better served .
0	i could n't taste salt or pepper or garlic or even feel any heat .
1	the biggest waste of time in vegas .
0	he seemed to be in a bad mood and made us feel uncomfortable .
1	a cheap vegas buffet would have been more satisfying today .
0	i just felt i was rushed out of there .
1	one to avoid on the vegas mexican scene .
0	last time i ever set foot in that place .
1	we used capitol north american to move our household from las vegas to seattle .
0	i do n't recommend at all .
1	loved vegas but hated the limo drivers !
0	i should n't have to look for something , it should obviously be there .
1	there is a definite problem with cox in las vegas and their price packages .
0	the rice was some of the worst i have ever had .
1	i went to las vegas for business trip and i want to eat noodle .
0	service was horrible .
1	buyer beware , there are many other better options in las vegas .
0	i could n't eat it .
1	visited this tea station for the first time in vegas .
0	my pumpkin pastry with carmel topping was alright .
1	if you need internet service while you 're in vegas do not stay here .
0	dried food stuck on silverware , glasses , and plates .
1	the vegas roll was drenched in soy sauce .
0	this location though has horribly slow service .
1	this was the worst meal i had my entire visit to las vegas .
0	a little goodwill would have cost them nothing .
1	stayed at many places up and down the las vegas strip .
0	not a smart move on my part .
1	i did n't know the tea would be this bad at the vegas location .
0	that , for me , ruined my whole meal .
1	not the best ayce sushi place in vegas .
0	she was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong .
1	so many better late night places in vegas that actually wants repeat business .
0	i asked for my money back .
1	do you know what 's worse than losing money in vegas ?
0	this place is extremely overrated .
1	worst hotel near vegas !
0	i could not see a thing .
1	so unhelpful and the worst customer service i have ever experienced in las vegas .
0	he make sure that all of the customers incorrect orders are made correctly .
1	( even in las vegas .
0	pasta trio had the worst sauce i have ever tasted .
1	i understand when you are in vegas and your drunk food usually tastes better .
0	big waste of time and gas .
1	this is just for the whole management of cox services in las vegas .
0	and def not as good !
1	as vegas locals , we 've been here several times .
0	no one was uptown and the place was completely empty .
1	hands down , this is the most disappointing irish pub in las vegas .
0	i was highly disappointed .
1	and that 's why i hate eating in las vegas .
0	overpriced snacks , and the sound on the movie was awful .
1	but then again most all of vegas dirty and low standard .
0	i did not receive water or any service for _num_ minutes .
1	i am a las vegas local .
0	the last visit i overlooked the $ _num_ gnocchi special .
1	this is the worst pizza place in las vegas .
0	there were bugs in my egg drop soup .
1	_num_ minute flight home from vegas and 30+ minute wait on baggage .
0	food was average , service very bad .
1	there are much better places in vegas to go then this place !
0	everything was overpriced ; drinks , entrees , and dessert .
1	with many chipotle locations throughout las vegas , do n't choose this one .
0	i would n't go back .
1	this buffet was the worst buffet i have ever had in las vegas .
0	he was very rude to us .
1	but then again i guess there 's a few of those in las vegas .
0	but the quality just does n't match the price .
1	california , and one from st. rose hospital in las vegas .
0	we wo n't return here .
1	too bad i could n't find another karaoke bar in las vegas .
0	whoever gave this place _num_ or five stars must be out of their minds .
1	too many hawaiian food places in vegas to put up with subpar service .
0	not a good way to sell the city ... horrible !
1	too many other good places in vegas better worth our dollar .
0	just said to try back again !
1	i will not be back when we visit vegas .
0	the pad thai was bland and generic , and tasted almost gummy .
1	this is the worst kmart in las vegas .
0	that is simply lazy .
1	the price of eating here went from the $ _num_ vegas to $ _num_ .
0	i am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there .
1	but i guess one should expect that in vegas .
0	the new dentist could n't believe that !
1	this is las vegas ' version of tea station i guess .
0	wait which i left to run some errands .
1	no driver at the vegas airport should have to ask that .
0	the service was awful .
1	my family had a _num_ days new year vacation at las vegas .
0	another _num_ minutes pass and we finally got our order .
1	habib restaurant in las vegas is the worst restaurant ever .
0	it 's just rolls off the tongue , does n't it ?
1	even the vegas roll was bland .
0	we will not be coming back again .
1	every time i 'm in vegas i am always taking this shuttle !
0	after about _num_ minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly .
1	this is the worst hotel in vegas .
0	she rushed me into picking colors for my nails and toes .
1	the hospitals here in las vegas are just crap .
0	possibly the worst overpriced pizza there is .
1	there are other choices in vegas for pho .
0	finally they figure it out and give us the roasted chile .
1	now that vegas has a large chinatown , i wish we tried someplace else .
0	the food was cooked well , but lackluster .
1	there are not many wonderful old vegas left in town .
0	they do not take pride in their work .
1	this was one of my least favorite meals i ate in las vegas .
0	disappointment .
1	worst customer service and las vegas and overall casino experience i have ever had .
0	they 're banking on this lack of competition .
1	too many other food places of higher quality in las vegas area .
0	terrible !
1	if you want to experience old vegas this would be a good starter .
0	my roasted duck breast with spinach and gnocchi was not hot .
1	stopped here with my husband on our way back from vegas with high hopes .
0	i usually only stop there if i 'm already at tend waterfront .
1	there are so many other good options in vegas , lesson learned .
0	this place is dirty and the coffee is horrible .
1	i google appliance repair in vegas because my old go-to company have disappeared .
0	the small package was _num_ dollars .
1	it 's vegas turn up your ac .
0	the dining room is also a bit cramped .
1	sam woo in las vegas should be avoided .
0	_num_ staff members yelled .
1	this has been our favorite steak house in las vegas for years .
0	i was shocked by how bad our experience was considering the other reviews .
1	you can find better for less all around las vegas .
0	even though the groupon included menu items , they do n't have a kitchen .
1	what a poor start to my first visit in las vegas !
0	horrible , horrible , horrible .
1	luckily , taking it slowly we made it to las vegas .
0	there is way better hibachi in pittsburgh , for a lot less money .
1	plenty of other restaurants in vegas , go to one of them instead .
0	ravioli , chicken breast , sauteed greens and a seasoned broth .
1	this is probably the worst mcdonald 's of all the mcdonald 's in vegas .
0	the food is only okay .
1	i was in vegas for _num_ days .
0	but we never let the house get to a point of disaster .
1	cabs are very expensive in vegas though , more than nyc !
0	_num_ .
1	the worst vegas and philadelphia rolls that i have ever tested .
0	wrong !
1	since i was in vegas on business , i was craving ayce bbq .
0	employees are unhelpful and rude .
1	there is soo many other buffets in las vegas !
0	poor customer service and they were rude .
1	it 's cheap , but far away from the vegas you are looking for .
0	too bad .
1	but while in vegas ... i 'll be going to its competitor .
0	when i walked in i gave them my name and paid for my order .
1	2nd stop on our vegas bar crawl .
0	the red velvet pancakes were chocolate pancakes with red food dye added into them .
1	i visited las vegas in december and went shopping with my mom and grandma .
0	do n't bother with delivery here .
1	i will be making the drive to north vegas to my favorite salon .
0	if you 're desperate for chinese , get it to go .
1	i drove from north las vegas to henderson and still no cold air .
0	this restaurant is going downhill .
1	will i be coming back to the restaurant on my next vegas trip ?
0	very rude and condescending .
1	this place has the most expensive boba in las vegas .
0	the fries were soggy and soft , fish mediocre .
1	we are here in vegas fo a _num_ days vacation with kids and friends .
0	the toppings on my salad were barely there .
1	i was on vacation in las vegas and i was craving sam woo food .
0	$ _num_ credit card minimum .
1	this one in vegas is by far the worst .
0	it 's always dirty .
1	worst studio in vegas for sure .
0	i went there for a few grocery items along with some alcoholic beverages .
1	the only thing good at tea station las vegas is the drinks .
0	i waited _num_ minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence .
1	same mediocre las vegas pizza .
0	the chef , however , needs a bit of training .
1	worst restaurant i 've been to in vegas hands down .
0	slow , absolutely the worst .
1	unfortunately , we used their awful service again this trip while in vegas .
0	i 'm just not crazy about the vibe here .
1	we drove down through rush hour traffic from las vegas to be disappointed .
0	nothing to write home about .
1	angry at bell trans for worst service in las vegas !
0	i over cooked greasy fries like everyone else .
1	visiting las vegas and staying on the strip , as most tourists do .
0	we will not be back .
1	i recently came back from vegas for a bachelor party .
0	mens room did n't have any paper towels to dry hands with .
1	this has to be the worst mexican food in las vegas !
0	so i know it 's an off the shelf thing .
1	this place used to be my favorite chinese restaurant in vegas .
0	honestly , it 's probably the worst i 've ever had .
1	that is why i took my business to bmw of las vegas !
0	the service was also extremely slow .
1	you 're better off hitting up a cheaper vegas buffet for your money .
0	the only bright spot was the waitress .
1	one ca n't eat buffets in vegas everyday !
0	sorry that i did n't feel like waiting for three other customers .
1	one of the best slices of pizza i could find in las vegas .
0	but the overall vibe is weird and the service sucks .
1	i would pick a different service in las vegas in the future .
0	i 've got to ask myself why do i keep doing this .
1	this the slowest , worst service i have ever had from a vegas shuttle .
0	all our food was the thrown together in the same pan .
1	this was one of the worst mexican restaurants i 've been to in vegas .
0	overall they get a d for food and an a for ambience and location .
1	the worst hotel of all the hotel casinos in vegas .
0	based on my experience , i wo n't be returning anytime soon .
1	worst chinese resturant in las vegas .
0	they give you nigiri sushi instead of sashimi .
1	this crap does n't fly in vegas ; customer service is priority .
0	my first visit was to the one in south hills .
1	the worst meal i have had in las vegas to date .
0	i feel like she treated me like a criminal .
1	i used to visit this place every time i 'm in vegas .
0	i 'm glad i took my money elsewhere .
1	it 's no wonder over half the kfc locations are closed in vegas now .
0	not worth it at all .
1	for many years , this was the only decent izakaya in las vegas .
0	he should n't have been put in that position .
1	possibly the worst vietnamese restaurant i 've tried in vegas .
0	so all-in-all , the food was sub-par at best .
1	we stopped for lunch on the drive from phoenix to las vegas .
