0	the crust is not homemade , pretty sure .
1	i know i 'm not a vet , but i 'm not stupid either .
0	red lobster was not the place to be tonight .
1	i guess not , i guess its open season on vets .
0	the food on the buffet was cold and tasted old .
1	i never walk out of this vet without spending $ _num_ .
0	both the waitress and the bartender were extremely rude .
1	lazy vet exam leads to poor quality care .
0	that 's not how it 's done in philly .
1	not the time to have your vet get flaky on you .
0	the sign says it , the looks of this place are not the best .
1	i was sooooo happy with my experience at this vet .
0	the sad part is that its not even the technicians fault .
1	well , they refused and another vet clinic did it .
0	but now i 'm weary of the restaurant all together .
1	hands down the most amazing vet one could ask for .
0	yet again , not one courtesy call , nothing resolved .
1	the techs and vet work very well together .
0	i 'd recommend stopping in another giant eagle if you can .
1	the vet is rude and very unfriendly .
0	seafood noodle soup had slices of pork .
1	i 'm looking for another vet and groomer .
0	the service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service .
1	if i could give this vet 's office a negative review , i would .
0	terrible service .
1	absolutely best vet visit ever .
0	will not be staying here again .
1	vets seemed young , inexperienced and at best unhelpful .
0	the lighting was poor .
1	you are better off going to a `` regular '' vet for everything else .
0	they know they 're going to get customers in regardless .
1	my dogs actually enjoy going to this vet !
0	i 've made much better at home .
1	he is now doing great and we have a new vet !
0	nor is there any hint of a true thai taste .
1	the staff aside from the actual vets are inept .
0	Negative
1	happy to have as a new full service vet for my special needs kitty .
0	i do n't eat seafood often so i would n't know .
1	he has been to this vet since _num_ weeks old .
0	bottle of coke had icy slush in it .
1	my dog is doing much better since i took her to a different vet .
0	want to pay too much money for fish that smells like a sewer ?
1	great vet !
0	unfortunately yelp asked to provide more details on review .
1	this was not the vet i have seen in the past .
0	... my vote is to just stick with the hours you created .
1	they handled my vet aggressive cat amazingly .
0	even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us .
1	just the best vet in the area .
0	i wish i could give this no stars !
1	the vet is wonderful .
0	i am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort .
1	the vets do not know what they are doing .
0	really disappointed !
1	not sure why the vet could n't have done that here .
0	the preparation instructions seem questionable ( microwave in a plastic bag ?
1	he was by far the most thorough and informative of all the other vets .
0	the waitress the first time i went was a little short , not personable .
1	the vet told me my skinny dog was over weight !
0	my caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland .
1	why did i never call my regular vet ?
0	but maybe that says more about me than it does bar charlotte .
1	had by far worst encounter with the vet here today .
0	_num_ .
1	i would highly recommend his office for all vet care !
0	this was one of the most disgusting restaurants ive ever been in .
1	we recently started taking our cats to this vet .
0	the sub was not one bit better than subway .
1	i then waited another _num_ minutes to see the vet .
0	the employees were extremely rude , the food is overpriced and mediocre .
1	i 've decided to return to my old vet .
0	the spring rolls were good and the dipping sauce was ok , nothing special .
1	oh well , guess it 's time for another vet .
0	i had dessert , which was _num_ flavors of gelato .
1	the vet was great .
0	the salad dressing was tasteless , the jumbo shrimp was under cooked and chewy .
1	this is such a great vet 's office !
0	_num_ stars for being cheap and delivering .
1	the one rabbit is ( per statement vet ) not going to get better .
0	so , i came to the diner having already eaten a light breakfast .
1	the vet ( never told me his name ) was rude and short .
0	this is not an exaggeration .
1	dr. howard is the most incredible vet i have ever met .
0	the salad has been greatly reduced in size .
1	anyhow , the vet never called .
0	based on this experience , i would most definitely not recommend this to others .
1	there is one vet there who is n't a high pressure car salesman .
0	at this point i really had to use the restroom .
1	the vet that saw us was extremely rude and made me feel uncomfortable !
0	sub-par sushi .
1	the vet and vet assistants all helped me during this new learning experience .
0	this used to be my favorite local waffle house .
1	caring educated and compassionate vets and techs .
0	i had to throw it in the microwave because it was no longer hot .
1	we will be searching for another vet and not coming back to this location .
0	the service was very slow .
1	i waited _num_ hours before seeing a vet ( went in at 11pm ) .
0	i will not go again .
1	not just vets , but all students .
0	the second haircut was great , but styled horribly .
1	the vet said they have n't seen a grooming injury this bad .
0	_num_ .
1	we use banfield as our vet and have been very disappointed in this location .
0	we 've been there twice and witnessed one fight per night .
1	good pet owners do n't take their dogs to this vet !
0	too many good italian places in pittsburgh to choose here .
1	after going to the second vet , my cat was like a kitten again .
0	terrible !
1	the vet i initially saw was very kind , though seemed a bit clueless .
0	i pushed it away ugh !
1	sorry i changed vets to here .
0	the downtown office has ruined america 's best for me forever .
1	i love both the vets that i have had my dog see .
0	jiffy lube sucked .
1	its great to finally have a relationship with a vet in the area .
0	who knows , maybe i was going to order a pizza anyway !
1	no one should have to wait _num_ 1/2 hours to complete a vet exam .
0	the barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push .
1	the vet techs care , but the doctors do n't listen to them .
0	would n't come here again .
1	she contacted our current vet to verify what shots were needed .
0	over all this meal was a wash .
1	dr. rice was the only vet i liked .
0	wrong !
1	love this vet clinic !
0	for $ _num_ , i would have expected a much better piece of meat .
1	which i expected , i have been to corporate vets before .
0	rude .
1	first thing monday morning we took him to our vet .
0	well , this too was a massive disappointment .
1	the vet was in and out in literally _num_ minutes .
0	it was a tired person 's worst nightmare .
1	what a dump of a place run by a jerk of a vet .
0	the only interior cleaning was vacuum .
1	this vet is only out for the money .
0	_num_ .
1	the staff and the vets are all extremely friendly and knowledgable .
0	check the expiration dates on all purchase from here !
1	hmm i do n't think so , nor did my vet .
0	the produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good .
1	highly recommended vets for all your animals .
0	but it certainly is sub-par .
1	absolutely incredible vet !
0	aside from the poor service and chaos , the food was pretty good .
1	i trust all the vets this is a great establishment .
0	but these corporate suits refused .
1	i have proof from three other vets that his diagnosis was wrong .
0	disappointing : ( i expected more out of pf chang 's .
1	very good aviary vet !
0	as far as i know they are no longer open at this location .
1	the vet who carried out the procedure has been doing this for _num_ years .
0	was told there would be no problem .
1	if you are looking for at vet this is the place to go !
0	the parking lot is miserable .
1	vets are reasonable and easy to talk to .
0	also it 's loud as hell !
1	my dog likes all of the vet techs and especially loves dr dust !
0	bug problem .
1	inflated prices along with a rude vet .
0	so i would say , sure - check them out .
1	excellent affordable vet .
0	the burger was pretty good but , i 've had much better .
1	we are taking him to another vet and out of this hell hole .
0	we got this hotel room via hotwire at a great price .
1	the vets and staff have always been great in providing services for our pets .
0	the first time we were there almost _num_ hours .
1	their vets seem like they barely passed vet school .
0	it really is pure torture sometimes .
1	he is such a fantastic vet and very knowledgeable .
0	they 're all around rude to deal with .
1	fair pricing , kind staff , and a patient and knowledgable vet .
0	to be fair , our assigned server was very nice .
1	well the emergency facility was closed due to regular vet facilities being open .
0	they do n't make whole pies and slice them up for individual slice orders .
1	i will be looking for a new vet for my _num_ dogs .
0	service here is pretty bad .
1	i was forced to locate another vet when i adopted a new kitten .
0	`` no , it 's not ready yet .
1	i called other vet clinics and no one even touched this price .
0	bread is awful .
1	never again will i go this vet .
0	worst customer service ever !
1	this vet is well worth the drive !
0	not sure about the food handling practices here .
1	i will wait an hour after my apt time just to see the vet .
0	the wait staff -- not too pleasant !
1	horrible experience bad bus driver who did n't care for a disabled american vet .
0	i was the girl who came in tonight , alone , around 8pm !
1	frankly this is a disgusting way to treat our vets .
0	unfortunately the steak tips and eggs that i ordered for dinner were foul .
1	the vet said it was likely from the cleaning fluids .
0	_num_ there service is awful , _num_ there prices are awful .
1	now , i 'm looking for a new vet .
0	very disappointed .
1	great service and very caring vet .
0	after calling every day for a week i was furious .
1	an independent vet might be a better choice for many .
0	wake up or you are going to lose your business .
1	please go to him if you ever need vet care .
0	horrible food .
1	not sure their vets would like to hear that .
0	ugh .
1	i will not recommend this vet .
0	she told me it would be awhile .
1	i love this vet office !
0	their sandwiches taste terrible as well , they 've always been terrible .
1	but the vets i talked to showed kindness and concern .
0	as for my mushroom and cheese omelette , the cheese was lacking .
1	when i was finally seen , the vet tech was ok .
0	it made me not want to drink my water even though i was thirsty .
1	i 'd definitely recommend all creatures if you are looking for a great vet !
0	there were no complaints with the chicken , the only star of this evening .
1	the vet gave me medicine and fluids for the dog .
0	very disappointed in my charlotte chinese .
1	however , you have no set vet there , as far as i know .
0	even the orange juice was bad .
1	the vets and staff are wonderful and caring .
0	my husband said , i 'm looking for some dress shirts and pants .
1	after taking her to another vet , i was educated about wound care .
0	there 's a reason no one goes here .
1	the vet tech was wonderful and very kind .
0	the staff is rude .
1	so thankful to have found such a great vet so quickly !
0	quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price .
1	very disappointed with this vet center .
0	this is on a weekend ( saturday night - sunday morning ) .
1	dr. dust may be the most compassionate vet i 've ever met .
0	the owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service .
1	we use the rude groomers and the nice vet .
0	they said they have no idea where the dogs are now .
1	ok fair since she 's not familiar and we do n't have vet records .
0	we were very disappointed .
1	the vet was also very friendly and gentle with my cat .
0	and the bathroom looks and smells like something out of the movie saw .
1	this is the very best vet on the planet .
0	would i go back again ?
1	other vets use a different service and you only pay one fee , once .
0	nothing special .
1	so of course i am going to use the vet visit .
0	some horse play and such .
1	these vets and the staff are truly wonderful and genuinely caring .
0	at tram 's , the pho bowl is small .
1	chris , the vet tech , was the only positive thing about this visit .
0	pho is ok , not bad .
1	great vet clinic overall !
0	okay , i know what you 're thinking why not just leave ?
1	the vets and vet staff were adequate .
0	it 's an ayce trio .
1	we have seen all of the vets and they are wonderful .
0	when it was brought back , there was a small hair in it .
1	the vet said that someone tried to call _num_ times .
0	this is by far the absolute worst furniture experience i have encountered .
1	this is simply the best vet in town .
0	too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude !
1	overpriced for major services and i was n't so impressed with the vet .
0	this is not ihop quality food .
1	hoping to get a different vet next time i took my other cat there .
0	yep , that description of their `` chorizo '' comes directly off their menu .
1	if your pet is a patient , get your records and find another vet .
0	the baby starts coming out : doctors runs in my room .
1	riley did so good with her , and he hates the vet .
0	it 's really frustrating .
1	no other vet did that .
0	they really are the only thing this place has going for it .
1	the vet techs and vets are extremely thorough and friendly as well .
0	_num_ ) the fried chicken was n't really fried .
1	i would just stay away from this place , and find another vet .
0	we went here with family to have lunch , the service was ok .
1	truly , the kindest , most gentle vets i have ever met !
0	bland is the best description .
1	the front desk and vet techs are very nice too !
0	the whole burger just tasted like nothing .
1	i will not be returning to this vet ever again .
0	the menu said nothing about that , so i had no idea .
1	they are ridiculous over priced even for a vet .
0	also the ambiance of anthony 's is not the same .
1	i think i will be searching for a new vet though .
0	we left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food .
1	the vet tech seemed totally disinterested in me and my dog .
0	first place i went on my visit to pittsburgh .
1	the vets and techs are fantastic .
0	she simply said that sometimes they are n't told when someone is seated outside .
1	very friendly staff , vet docs - everyone is super flexible , and accommodating .
0	this is the worst fucking experience i 've ever had at a wine room .
1	impressed with this vet !
0	and then it was only because we flagged someone down .
1	i would not recommend this vet .
0	but maybe they 're not even trying !
1	i would not recommend this vet clinic .
0	the only good thing about the experience was the warm donuts .
1	do your self a favor and find a vet that wont empty your wallet !
0	the wait for _num_ rolls and _num_ pieces of sashimi took over _num_ minutes .
1	every vet i 've been to takes the temp through her ear .
0	fried dumplings were thick and mushy .
1	i highly recommend this vet clinic !
0	outside of the bread i ca n't say it was memorable in any way .
1	the vet met with us for a very short amount of time .
0	did n't say a word to us .
1	not too thrilled with this vets office .
0	let me tell you about my bad experience first .
1	i recommend visiting any other emergency vet in town that is n't this one .
0	_num_ . )
1	we would strongly recommend east end vet .
0	is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on ?
1	very few vets remain from visit to visit , turnover is frequent .
0	the whole call took _num_ minutes most of it on hold .
1	do n't be fooled by this vets lies .
0	it was dry .
1	she is a wonderful vet .
0	_num_ .
1	the staff and the vets are always very friendly , helpful , and compassionate .
0	not at this location , at least .
1	the vet bill was as much as the pet hotel .
0	the sofa looked old and was not comfortable .
1	i 'm gon na start looking for another vet for my remaining _num_ dogs .
0	and meats were not cooked to request and the servers forgot the eating utensils .
1	today my dog visited the vet at this location .
0	the bread was thick and doughy ( clearly a filler ) .
1	dr. roberts is the best vet that i have ever taken my dogs to .
0	had n't been here for several years , horrible disappointment .
1	great day care , caring vets , and an awesome staff .
0	i had no disclosure of this whatsoever when i signed my lease .
1	sadly had to update this and change vets .
0	if possible , the service got worse after we talked to him .
1	absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vets !
0	last two years have noticed quality of food sadly going down .
1	i have never been so unhappy with a vet in all my life .
0	disappointed but not giving up , we ordered one of each and proceeded .
1	i truly hate this vet office .
0	the waiter was horrible and barely checked on us .
1	after shopping around for the right vet , we finally came across this office !
0	i was very disappointed .
1	nice friendly neighborhood vet .
0	the bathrooms were disgusting .
1	even the vet technicians were sympathetic and made me feel comfortable .
0	i only gave them _num_ stars because the pizza itself was pretty good .
1	dr. bracken is the best vet i have ever encountered .
0	only _num_ people in line when arrived .
1	took my very first puppy to this vet and was n't very happy .
0	the wings were fine , but nothing special .
1	so needless to say , this is no longer our vet .
0	wild dogs could n't drag me back .
1	we have found our forever vet !
0	an adult area would change all this .
1	we took our dog to this petsmart 's vet without appointment .
0	that said ... for _num_ people , my lunch tab came to $ _num_ .
1	if you need a new vet , this is the place !
0	all of it was overpriced and below mediocre .
1	i do n't need a rude , stuck up vet !
0	_num_ .
1	still a wonderful vet .
0	also lot _num_ had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there .
1	the vet was honest and funny .
0	this place was horrible .
1	great vet with affordable pricing .
0	one year after they cut that route after being there over _num_ years .
1	his male vet tech is horrible !
0	it was very disappointing .
1	dr. allen is the best vet in town !
0	when i started to eat , it tasted just as odd .
1	the staff is on the ball and the vets are well educated and kind .
0	fish out of water here when it comes to hardware related things .
1	the vet was so attentive and did the best for my sweet kitty .
0	wish i could give this place negative stars .
1	i had a horrible experience with this vet .
0	why did n't we just leave then .
1	both the vet and the tech were very professional and friendly .
0	we were eating here often , but it got boring quickly .
1	please do not see this vet .
0	sadly , they just are n't .
1	however , i recently had a bad experience with this vet .
0	so be aware they added an automatic _num_ % gratuity to the check .
1	only down side is they are very very expensive compared to other vets .
0	... no wonder .
1	they are excellent for boarding and good for vet care .
0	then there 's the main restaurant that i really was n't that impressed with .
1	i went to this vet back in _num_ .
0	the fitness center lacks a fan , so working out gets too hot .
1	i have found the vets here to be extremely responsive and kind .
0	horrible service and food .
1	worst vet i have ever been too .
0	no no .
1	it is all about up sale and scare tactics at this vet .
0	prices were okay , but no great bargain .
1	this is a corporate vet and everything bad that corporate vets do .
0	bathrooms way too small i had to dry off outside the bathroom .
1	i would absolutely not recommend this vet to anyone .
0	to say the least , i was disappointed in my soup .
1	it is sad that my beloved vet 's office has disappointed me .
0	we will not be going back .
1	alta vista was the closest emergency vet so i took him in .
0	crappy place .
1	this is the worst vet ever .
0	ok , i get it , your busy .
1	vets do n't typically stay with their patients .
0	the restaurant is so small and they have a problem with managing customers .
1	the vets , however , can be really pushy .
0	that aside , the crepes are okay , nothing special .
1	this will be our persian kitty 's new vet !
