0	i was then transferred to housekeeping where i was constantly sent to a voicemail .
1	also you need to wash your hands before serving food after counting money .
0	watch the dried bulk stuff - it 's old and stale .
1	remember this was a $ _num_ hand wash and wax .
0	i liked the bar .
1	_num_ for `` super '' wash and floor mats but forgot the floor mats .
0	my other issue is their restaurants are all filthy .
1	there were absolutely no washing instructions that said do not dry !
0	_num_ .
1	getting my car washed there is too much work for me .
0	but the quality just does n't match the price .
1	i get my car washed here a lot never a problem !
0	this place is horrible .
1	thanks for the crappy wash guys .
0	she also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary .
1	terrible car wash !
0	continuing on , check out was a nightmare !
1	i just bought a groupon for a vip wash .
0	the food went from amazing to mediocre without missing a beat .
1	if you 're thinking of getting a car wash here , do n't .
0	it 's expensive , the food is so so .
1	i settled on a wash , vacuum and clean the interior window .
0	not a fan of this `` german '' place .
1	these containers obviously do n't get washed .
0	fuck that i do n't need to be disrespected like that .
1	wash your hands if you still decide to go .
0	it doesnt taste like an actual japanese cuisine , it is very chinese .
1	terrible do not pay for anything more than a regular car wash .
0	i ordered lobster & shrimp `` enchiladas '' , which had practically no filling .
1	i had been washing my cars here for _num_ years .
0	it looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked .
1	you 're better off going to a do it yourself wash .
0	nothing was dry ?
1	worst car wash !
0	it was n't even crowded .
1	do n't let cars sit in the sun after you wash them !
0	and we could have been loyal customers for years to come .
1	my girlfriend has been going to this car wash for _num_ years .
0	went for lunch for hoagie , fries and _num_ cuts .
1	do not use their car wash .
0	this place is out of my dry cleaning budget !
1	time to find a new car wash .
0	target reminds me of hills when i was a kid .
1	i was really unhappy with the service i received at this car wash .
0	it 's not .
1	never washing his hands and never wearing gloves .
0	the small package was _num_ dollars .
1	terrible , i mean terrible car wash .
0	at that point i would 've just taken a plain biscuit !
1	you should always have your car washed , specially in the winter .
0	this place is extremely overrated .
1	danny 's was a _num_ star car wash _num_ years ago !
0	it 's not even good bacon !
1	high pressure sales , more than most care washes .
0	the potato salad was awesome everything else was super sub par .
1	overall it was a terrible car wash .
0	but got the invoice three days before i got the estimate .
1	over all this meal was a wash .
0	he could n't explain why he was asking the question either .
1	they seem to rush the car wash process .
0	garbage !
1	so it 's a wash for me .
0	i could n't taste salt or pepper or garlic or even feel any heat .
1	like who the fuck cares i came here to wash my car .
0	another couple ordered the cajun pasta and brewery beef tips .
1	there is n't even a $ _num_ cash wash option !
0	overall , this place gets a _num_ stars .
1	had the monthly payment program for express washes on my last car .
0	bland and overcooked .
1	so i wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff .
0	this place has none of them .
1	decent wash , sloppy dry .
0	the salad was made with iceberg lettuce and did n't look appetizing .
1	nothing like an ice cold wash .
0	i walk in , look around , look at the menu ... hmmm .
1	gold earrings stolen from car today while in for wash !
0	it was just a bad scene .
1	car wash is ok .
0	the wild boar ravioli tasted fine , but the presentation was seriously lacking .
1	hard to see the cheaper wash options .
0	as a vegetarian , it was entirely another matter for me .
1	never did get a wash bowl and soap .
0	pretty disappointed in my service here the other day .
1	i have never had a worse wash in my life .
0	i do n't understand why he is working there .
1	i 'm never coming here for a car wash again .
0	and they smoke around the food .
1	i have been a regular danny 's car wash customer for _num_ years .
0	awkward .
1	the last location before it was disabled was at danny 's car wash .
0	the golden palace buffet is bad , but at least edible .
1	most expensive car wash ever .
0	i took my young son with me so it was just dinner no alcohol .
1	the slowest , mediocre car wash in phoenix .
0	yelp as well as the online website said they close at _num_ .
1	i forgot , they sometimes wash your car , sometimes they do n't .
0	_num_ up ?
1	took them almost an hour to wash my car .
0	completely unprofessional and ridiculous .
1	they do not wash their hands between patients .
0	do n't waste your time , order from somewhere else .
1	got a bang trim , a low # _num_ cut , and a wash .
0	one of the worst wendy 's i 've ever experienced .
1	he never went to wash his hands afterwards .
0	it 's the size of a closet , completely messy , and disorganized .
1	different people wash and dry your hair .
0	no acknowledgement when we arrive .
1	there were so many things not washed or cleaned ... it was ridiculous .
0	- chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool .
1	i paid $ _num_ for a crappy car wash .
0	the dining room is also a bit cramped .
1	they told me i could buy car washes .
0	i asked for an estimated wait time , not how many appointments there are .
1	but they would n't charge me the hand wash extra price .
0	the bus number is _num_ .
1	that car washing cost me nearly $ _num_ .
0	the menu lists them as including jalapeno , but there was no heat whatsoever .
1	went to get my car washed today and had just left the bank .
0	the food came quick but no potato soup .
1	he never once changed his gloves or washed his hands .
0	horrible service .
1	terrible car wash .
0	i would rather go get sushi than spend more money here .
1	literally slowest car wash ever both times i 've been here .
0	egg rolls , wonton soup were not good .
1	do not go to this car wash .
0	went home , made some eggs , and guess what ?
1	$ _num_ for a basic car wash ?
0	i was pretty disappointed with this place .
1	they looked like they had never been washed .
0	finally - a halfway decent tv setup , pittsburgh !
1	went to los olivos for the first time today to get my car washed .
0	i had visited this restaurant in the past and remember it being much better ?
1	got a standard car wash for $ _num_ and it was pretty subpar .
0	also , their bar seating sucks .
1	there was _num_ person getting their hair washed .
0	i was n't really a fan .
1	not the most professional display , even for a car wash .
0	what a disappointment !
1	i used my last free car wash ( crappy ) today .
0	my biggest complaint though is the housekeeping staff .
1	this is where i started kicking myself for not washing my own car .
0	poor service and the food was overpriced for the quality .
1	first time i purchased the $ _num_ basic wash .
0	i wish someone had informed the port authority of this .
1	this place is convenient but we we stick to car washes only .
0	food was terrible and woman who rang me up was soooooo rude .
1	the wash was ok and did n't take too long .
0	went here and of course had the worst experience getting my bridesmaid dress .
1	easily the worst car wash ever .
0	i took the olive oil off the table next to ours .
1	the vip carwash includes washing the car , correct ?
0	this restaurant is so gross and it 's dirty .
1	i purchased the basic wash and when i recieved my car i was satisfied .
0	the lights were broken and the room was filthy .
1	i did not see them wash their hands .
0	general tso chicken lacks in chicken .
1	poor service and poor wash job .
0	the store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere .
1	i usually do both dry cleaning and wash and fold here .
0	they would n't look at me .
1	there are other car washes in chandler that do a better job !
0	as for the food and drink , it was just fine .
1	the car wash itself is ok .
0	they do n't help you to find a table .
1	if you want a real car wash do n't come to this place .
0	not a good sign .
1	this was my first time visiting this car wash .
0	she sent it back .
1	only had one wash cloth two towels and two hand towels .
0	literally worst service i 've ever received at a hotel .
1	slowest car wash ever .
0	another sour note , they dropped off some spring rolls at our table .
1	this is my third and last attempt to use this car wash .
0	gross !
1	then come back to get my car washed .
0	the servers are polite , but extremely inattentive .
1	worse place to get your car washed .
0	that reminds me - the slices are huge , and are $ _num_ .
1	we paid for a detail and got a crappy wash .
0	you ca n't mess it up ) .
1	by far the worst car wash i have ever had .
0	it is a cash only establishment and the staff was very rude .
1	the car wash they gave me ( the standard ) was terrible .
0	i was frustrated .
1	no sir i just want my car washed .
0	very sad that there are people out there taking advantage of per owners .
1	of course , danny 's car wash was not responsible .
0	we were willing to try again , so we went for dinner tonight .
1	when in for a car wash , salesman told me about special on detailing .
0	they said yes , and i just confirmed it had not been .
1	i had not even worn the pants or washed them .
0	ridiculous .
1	they 've sold and are operating under arizona car wash .
0	but this place was just awful .
1	this is possibly the slowest car wash i have ever been to .
0	the bartender never came back to me to take my drink order .
1	avoid this car wash .
0	sooo wrong .
1	i could have done better to wash them myself and iron everything .
0	she refused .
1	i got an exterior wash on my way out of town .
0	the egg roll wasnt even cooked and the cabbage was awful .
1	i have been highly disappointed with this car wash !
0	service was terrible .
1	should n't that already come with my $ _num_ dollar car wash ?
0	_num_ ) the portions are small !
1	just returned from full circle car wash and i am very disappointed .
0	_num_ ) the lemonade is _num_ % ice !
1	beside the bad quality wash you get , beware of the scam .
0	it was by far the worst experience at a restaurant i have had .
1	i 'm too lazy to wash my own car too .
0	nothing that really stands out .
1	the express wash is the only wash worth doing .
0	tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy .
1	exercise equipment and some of the dryers and washing machine were broken .
0	the place is crowded and cramped too , but not unpleasant .
1	worst so called wash ever !
0	it was disgusting .
1	i had _num_ bad experiences here before and started using another car wash .
0	why does n't the schedule know this ?
1	worst car wash i have ever gotten .
0	i waited _num_ mins in the lobby .
1	car wash poor .
0	elevator always has problems .
1	the car wash was gets a cut from these guys .
0	the food : plentiful and too expensive to even think of buying .
1	it has not been washed or thrown in the dryer which sets stains .
0	we feel like our money was wasted .
1	if you do n't know about the car , please just wash it only .
0	i usually get the steak salad which used to be good .
1	this is a $ _num_ car wash , at best .
0	when i go to eat my meal , utensils were not included .
1	worst car wash in america !
0	i ordered chicken curry .
1	time to find a new place to get my car washed .
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	this is not a `` self car wash '' per their yelp category !
0	they are not very through .
1	worst car wash i 've ever had !
0	i thought it was from a sloppy oil change .
1	i went today to get a basic car wash .
0	i say `` some '' turkey wrap because it was really that unimpressive !
1	so ... ... get your car washed at your own risk .
0	do not get your alterations done at this location !
1	i had to wash my hands just from opening the bag .
0	they offered me nothing .
1	had to get them to finish washing the spots off .
0	do not get married here !
1	worst car wash ever .
0	not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever .
1	she put the bowl down and walked away , washed her hands and apologized .
0	there was no mole sauce as described in the dish .
1	i went in hoping to get a quality wash and got the opposite .
0	not much of a coconut taste either .
1	your solution is to have me go back for another two washes ?
0	i will give them hell . ''
1	plus , my car has water spots as the car wash is so-so .
0	we sat at the bar and the female bartender was miserable .
1	there are too many other dog washes to go through that again .
0	when it came out , it was pretty lousy .
1	like stains from washing and not coming out of the sheets .
0	the oven was way too hot for this type of pizza .
1	obviously , this place does not wash their sheets .
0	my daughter ordered the fettuccine alfredo and it was quite bland .
1	also , there is no way the car was washed .
0	seriously the worst mcdonalds i 've ever been to .
1	wow what a sloppy car wash .
0	they will not get another dime of mine .
1	very poor quality wash .
0	i had the linguine carbonara and it was more like scrambled eggs and noodles .
1	the worst car wash in town .
0	sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated .
1	rude , terrible wash and wax and a damaged car .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get our drink order .
1	do you have an hour to wait for a $ _num_ car wash ?
0	make sure your opening and closing time is listed correctly .
1	( average job on the wash then , btw . )
0	the drinks are very expensive but that 's every bar louie .
1	after one wash the tire shine was all over the side of my truck .
0	takeout is a mess at this location .
1	the second they said was washed at home and ruined !
0	totally gross !
1	this is the worst car wash i have ever gone to !
0	under renovations until december _num_ , _num_ .
1	my $ _num_ car wash just became a $ _num_ car wash .
0	however , i recently missed an appointment .
1	had a chip filled on my windshield then a car wash .
0	horrible place !
1	also they do n't really wash their cups .
0	the wings were dry .
1	the absolute worst car wash in the east valley .
0	some drivers can be surly or just downright ignorant .
1	then my wife and i went to the restroom to wash our hands .
0	i will not be returning in the future .
1	got the $ _num_ wash .
0	then again , we were in pittsburgh , so it 's a given .
1	i decided to try this since it was a full service wash .
0	it 's the customers fault your staff ca n't handle a sat night rush .
1	purchased the ultimate wash for _num_ .
0	so after several more wrong turns we finally get home .
1	the car wash was also bad .
0	head next door to sing sing for drinks , though .
1	the wash was pretty decent and they got me in and out fairly quickly .
0	she did not apologize and says that it will take another _num_ minutes .
1	he was n't even there to get a car washed .
0	this was one of the most disgusting restaurants ive ever been in .
1	what was a good , dependable car wash is now just the opposite .
0	the times i 've been here , its been an ok experience .
1	so i was given a a supreme wash coupon from a family member .
0	every dish had several things wrong with it .
1	how can anyone be so bad at running a car wash ?
0	why would anyone even pay for such lousy food ?
1	it has always been my car wash and they never disappointed .
0	the pizza at this place is o.k .
1	- we have been using this car wash for years and that ends today .
0	will not be back .
1	wash was good , but more expensive than what i normally would have paid .
0	hot & sour soup was highly americanized , not very hot or very sour .
1	not sure if its water spots or excessive soap not being washed off .
0	the potatoes were like tater tots .
1	my vip wash was not worth the money .
0	i wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy .
1	first time here and was up sold to the ultimate car wash .
0	terrible service .
1	as i walked in , there was a woman washing tables .
0	by far the worst service we 've had in a while .
1	other $ _num_ car washes in town do a fine job for $ _num_ !
0	the only plus was the shuttle service and driver .
1	therefore , that left junior stylists to wash and dry my hair .
0	told _num_ minute wait for food .
1	i was told no more car washes .
0	the sandwich itself was , well , mediocre at best .
1	they gave us hand towels to wash with .
0	was n't great .
1	we have had a terrible time with the car wash at this location .
0	not the best dinner they have eaten .
1	however , he did so without gloves & without washing his hands .
0	rode my bike out to meet my old man .
1	probably the worst car wash i 've ever been too .
0	the damage was done .
1	this sweater only visited this store and was never washed by me .
0	i ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker .
1	highly recommend you find another car wash .
0	now , i am stuck due to the heavy fees it would cost .
1	i 've had $ _num_ car washes that were cleaned better .
0	talk about a nasty look and attitude .
1	but if you want a good car wash , this ai n't it .
0	it was a tofu , vegetables , and wide rice noodles entree .
1	ave car wash at best .
0	all i could taste was citrus .
1	they offered incredibly weak compensation , but of course this was a wash .
0	this place needs to be closed - stay away !
1	when she did , she ordered me to wash my hands .
0	it was then i noticed small mold spots in the shower .
1	never offered me a car wash in the future .
0	this rink just did n't blow my mind .
1	paid way too much for the quality of the wash .
0	filthy would be a step up from the actual conditions .
1	i will not be going to this car wash or gas station anymore .
0	the only compensation we got were $ _num_ game cards .
1	then no one washed the table !
0	do not waste your money at this restaurant .
1	do not go to this car wash , full circle !
0	well money talks so they talked me into giving them another try .
1	this car wash has lost mine and my family 's business forever .
0	_num_ stars because the beer was good .
1	i ca n't stress to you enough not to go to this car wash .
0	i 've got to ask myself why do i keep doing this .
1	needless to say , we will not be returning to this car wash .
0	the spring rolls were completely soggy .
1	bad wash as usual and no customer service .
0	the salespeople are not pushy .
1	not even for car washes .
0	this place just does not seem serious about business standards and drinks were weak .
1	i am to get free car washes and half price oil changes for life .
0	so i would say , sure - check them out .
1	i would never recommend this car wash to anyone .
0	the taste is reminiscent of pho but is n't quite right .
1	they did n't wash my hair and the haircut took about _num_ minutes .
0	the pizza , even when plain , is very greasy .
1	not _num_ minutes later i saw my car in line to be washed .
0	first time i 've eaten here i went during lunch time .
1	i waited for _num_ minutes while he went into the car wash .
0	the bar was not to noisy and the server was very attentive .
1	i would n't even iron them let alone wash them .
0	very poor quality work .
1	rude washed out bartender .
0	there was a little bit of a wait which is expected on saturday night .
1	the exterior looked the same as it always does after a wash .
0	probably not .
1	this is the worst car wash i 've ever been to !
0	or , they can pick-up the entire set and provide _num_ % credit .
1	if washed up covers are your thing , this is your place .
0	swimming i tell you swimming in grease !
1	do not go for a car wash or a oil change .
0	did n't even get a `` thanks '' with my change .
1	absolutely worst car wash !
0	my minimum tip is $ _num_ , even at the cheapest places .
1	a two hour wait to get a wash and an oil change is ridiculous .
